<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2014,11/25/2014,419,343,5,11,9>Instead of studying, I'm writing this review over freshly-brewed coffee and their scrumptious strawberry shortcake I had from the previous day. Yes, the shortcake is still firm to hold all that strawberry and whipped cream!CONCEPT: This is the brainchild of Alison Barakat, a former line chef at Chez Panisse who loved their buttermilk fried chicken whenever it was served and wanted to recreate the experience. She started selling these chicken sandwiches at farmers markets to tremendous success and fanfare that she opened up a little shop in Temescal that is only open from Tues-Sat 11-3 or when sandwiches run out, the latter being a more common scenario.VENUE: On the corner of Telegraph and 51st in Oakland's Temescal neighborhood. The ironing board tables are located on the sidewalk. It just adds to the quirkiness of the town. [Slightly off-topic: I fell in love with Temescal at first sight and I WILL be back here to check out the other cute stores that line Telegraph and the back streets]The actual store is bare-bones, but you don't need to look fancy just to serve sandwiches for three hours a day. Menu items are written in simple paper and marker.Bakesale Betty is easily spotted by the line of people around the store, but when I went on a Saturday afternoon, line went by quickly. I got their two signature items: their fried chicken sandwich and their strawberry shortcake. They also offer a fried tofu sandwich, chicken salad (everything but the bun) and a daily variety of cookies, which the offerings are written in the same style.Fried Chicken Sandwich ($7.75): The sandwich is served on recyclable carton. Inside is a burger bun with the signature fried chicken and a generous portion of their coleslaw. I dunno if the burger bun is a temporary fix but it looked better in roll form.As much as I liked the sandwich, I wasn't madly *in love* with it. It doesn't help I don't usually eat fried chicken sandwiches and I avoid cole slaw as a side. Technically it is a masterpiece, with crunchy skin and tender breast meat, the skin flavored enough with the right amounts of seasoning and spice to give it a kick at every bite. Jalapeños in the slaw enhance that spicy kick a bit and the greens do add flavor and are not just veggie filler. If you reheat in toaster oven it does retain the original flavor. Though one of the best chicken sandwiches I've eaten, I'm just not a fried chicken sandwich lady. Please forgive me.Strawberry Shortcake ($5): In contrast, I am madly in love with their strawberry shortcake and I would brave the line just to get it. There's a generous amount of strawberries and a dollop of cream at the corner, but the shortcake is firm enough to handle all the strawberry juices and cream. Each bite is just full of strawberry, cream and shortcake goodness. It's a perfect dessert meant to be shared or if you're living by yourself, can be enjoyed over several days.This is one of the must-eats of the Temescal neighborhood and at least now I understand what all the hype is about.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,11/24/2014,246,234,22,30,28>I had no idea that Semifreddi's does tours. We were lucky enough to get a guided tour by the owners. I love tours. Usually when it comes to food, the tour only consist of looking at the machines and the guide explaining what each one is used for. There is usually no activity.To my surprise Semifreddi bakes round the clock. We were able to see hamburger buns, Cinnamon rolls, Morning buns and variety of rolls in the making. They let us try their classic Sourdough bread, right off the rack. If you haven't tried fresh sourdough, you are missing out. We made a pizza using the focaccia bread and now that I know the bread is made fresh, we are new fan of Semifreddi.The owners gave us a run down on the facility from the flour/sifting room, yeast refrigerator, massive oven and several prep stations. The smell of bread and pastries baking was AMAZING!!The breads have the basic 4 ingredients...Flour, water, salt and yeast. Which makes them Vegan!! Yes HOLLA AT ME!! The only bread that isn't Vegan is the Challah, Cinnamon Twist, and Brioche. They do not offer any Vegan pastries.I found out they deliver to all the bakeries/stores every morning. Any bread that did not sell, will be removed from the racks and brought back to the facility and broken down as chicken feed. So if you are buying a Semifreddi bread, know that it is fresh. If you plan to do a tour here, there are a few rules no dresses (long pants), closed two shoes, no earrings, no jewelry with stones (bands are ok) and I recommend you wear a t-shirt (not long sleeve) or a thin long sleeve shirt. This place is hot, due to the oven being on all day long.The owner of the company is hilarious. I don't know how to describe his character...lets just say very interesting and out there. LOL. He made the tour a lot of fun. I definitely recommend Yelp CM's coordinate a tour here. It's one of the best food tours I've been to. In the end we received an awesome Schwag bag which contained (2) Biscotti, baguette, Rosemary Focaccia or Challah, Reusable shopping bag, French pastry (mines was a blueberry muffin), temporary tattoo, and a menu of their café. Thanks Semifreddi for the awesome tour!! Check out the awesome video below. This isn't fast forward, they really move this fast. Way Cool!!youtube.com/watch?v=iBfA…
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2014,11/23/2014,142,274,6,12,12>I counted 5 different potato dishes on the menu the day we came!  5!  Rack 'em up!  It was the best news!  Hopefully this wasn't just a fluke and my best friends are regulars on this creative and scrumptious menu.  The salt cod and potato cazuela was way in the lead for favorite.  This salty, savory, mouthwatering spread came with slices of baguette and hit all the right notes on my salted, pickled, and mayoed Russian palate. The fried potatoes with herbs and sea salt were pretty close to tie.  They were cooked perfectly with a delectable texture and seasoned flawlessly.Patatas bravas with a kind of roasted tomato sauce were messy and delicious.  If they were the lone potatoes of the menu, I would've been wholly satisfied, but with the multitude of other finger-licking potato dishes, they were only pretty good by comparison.  The cocktails are dangerous.  Creative and delicious, I gulped them down like water without a second thought.  I switched to a rosé towards the end of the meal to cut down on the alcohol content a bit and it, too, was impeccable!  And went wonderfully with my bread pudding.  I love that they don't take reservations -- it levels the playing field and sets up a laid back neighborhood feel.  Even when it was busy and they only had one server (I think), service was still pretty spot on and I didn't see anybody have to wait for a table.  Somehow, we drained almost 3 hours here!  Come with a full wallet, an empty stomach, and good company!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,11/22/2014,292,447,7,15,9>There are no words...yet I am going to expel a lot of them on this review so bear with me. It'll be worth it I promise! So I was sick on my birthday weekends and my plans to go to Foreign Cinema were thwarted. The weekend after my husband, the amazing husband that he is, called Pathos one Saturday afternoon and spoke with the Owner Nick who said that reservations were booked up, BUT he would call back and see if he could work something out. That he did. Upon arrival we were seated right outside the open kitchen, nice and toasty sitting in front of the wood burning fireplace. I am all about atmosphere and the décor and atmosphere here rivals some of the amazing places that my husband and I have found in NYC. Absolute beautiful yet comforting surrounding. Upon being seated Nick, himself waited on us. Between him, the bartender and the chef's we had an absolutely amazing time. Great conversation about the food, the inception of the restaurant, the beverages and wine...just top notch company to keep. Both my husband and I started with cocktails, and like Nique F. said if you are into mixology you will LOVE the signature bar selections. I started with a Aphrodite de Guadalupe, because anything with Lilikoi (Passion Fruit) is a favorite of mine and I thoroughly enjoyed that beverage. Down to the presentation of their cocktails, Pathos is beyond perfect. Next, I told the bartender I was trying to choose between two different drinks, and after telling her what sort of concoctions I like (No icky sweet, fruity frou frou drinks for me) she brought me a Demeter's Daughter. Whew...The complex combination of Gin, Rosemary, St Germain, Lavender Bitters & lemon peel blew me away. Wonderful drink! I know I am getting carried away with the booze but man, were they good. An even more celebrated topic with me though...FOOD. Oh where to start? With our cocktails we ordered up some of the small plates, Htapodi (Octopus with red onion and capers), Spanakopita & Dolmades (both of which are staples for us and two items in which we measure Greek restaurants up with) Simply put, Pathos has replaced our previous measuring stick of Kokkari, and is now the example that which all other restaurants are measured. Having said that...my third personal measure of greatness at a Greek restaurant is the Moussaka and lastly the Baklava. As it stands right now, my last meal on earth would consist of this creamy, perfect Moussaka and sweet, crispy Baklava. I know I have droned on for quite a while about this amazing restaurant but I truly did not want to miss a thing. This remains at the top of our favorite restaurants of all time and we will be back frequently!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2014,11/21/2014,82,62,4,9,11>This is the first vegan (and Asian vegan!) restaurant I've ever been to in my life and I'm ready to go back already! The service was quick and efficient. The waitress came and checked on me and my friend multiple times to make sure we were doing okay.I ordered the Crispy Ginger Seaweed Soy Fish. It was AMAZING. I was surprised at how much it tasted like real fish. In fact, it was better than most fish I've had in a while. I usually hate eating ginger too, but I thought it complemented the "fish" very well. The ginger didn't have such a stinging aftertaste to it compared to most ginger I've had. On the other hand, my friend thought the ginger didn't taste fresh. Despite his opinion on the ginger, we both devoured the fish.  i can't wait to come back.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,11/20/2014,340,339,10,11,12>Va de vi translated to English is "wine was." Since my Catalan is rusty (i.e. nonexistent), I would assume that the same syntax for English applies to Catalan as well... (Forgive me for the butchery I am about to commit and the ignorance I am about to display, Catalonians.) Va de vi amazing.Va de vi enhanced by the delicious tapas.Va de vi the catalyst of a glorious evening.Va de vi plenty.Va de vi happiness. I adore the ambience of Va de Vi. It is chic without being snobby, sophisticated without being pretentious. It is a great place for a date or to hang out with your girlfriends if you are in the mood to get gussied up.For this visit, we had the red wine flight. Their selections are all fantastic, and all the tapas we ordered complemented our drink. While all delicious, I think the clear winner for us was the risotto. It was simply perfection - creamy, cheesy and flavorful, it is the stuff you would think about for days after. The service was excellent as well. I love Va de Vi and will most definitely go back. I love it so much I chose to write this for my 200th review!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2014,11/19/2014,122,136,5,9,10>It's great to see Vallejo come up. I was all giddy to try this brew! I came on a weekday and the house was PACKED! Don't bother calling ahead because there are no reservations. Just come and find a seat where you can. They didn't disappoint with the brew. I loved them all. But my favorite had to be the stout. It was so malty and smooth! Really dark and rich! I suggest trying the sampler. Only 8$! Prices are reasonable her. And the service is great, despite the packed bar. Cody is like, the best bartender ever! I've been running into him at a few places I frequent and he always takes care of us. Ryan the owner is super super kind. He's out there on the floor with everyone else ensuring quality service, I LOVE THAT! I really really want this to stay successful. The view to the marina is fabulous. Go during sunset!! It's so gorge!!
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2014,11/18/2014,206,658,8,10,10>I am kind of in love with Orchard Nursery and completely giddy about finding a new garden store to add to my rotation. The layout and attention to detail makes a trip here an experience versus a simple stop for plants. I felt as if I were treated to a mini botanical garden and I could wile away a good part of the afternoon looking at everything on offer.All the plants I saw looked healthy with glorious blooms. Their variety is top notch and I was especially impressed with the selection of lavender and sage, two plants that seem to do well in my sunny yard. In addition to seasonal items, they have perennial garden favorites, hanging floral baskets, ground cover, succulents and an adorable indoor plant section/florist, complete with nature inspired home decor.For $24.99, I left with some flowering sage, two succulents to add as border plants, and a small indoor fern. Customer service at the register was friendly, although no one seemed to be asking if I needed help while I was browsing outdoors. It was okay-I was kind of just lost in garden euphoria and knew what I was looking for.Definitely a 5 star nursery, but reserving the 5th star for after I plant everything and see how it does. Definitely worth a drive to Lafayette to check out!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2014,11/17/2014,119,95,9,11,10>Too long, didn't read: Fun spot for everyone over 21, not just the Oakland hip or Hawaiian shirt aficionados. Attentive service, good location that's constantly growing, good focus on food, lay off the Fernet for a night and come get your happy drink on.If someone asked me what kind of bar-staurant Oakland needed, initial thoughts would be to serve a niche audience -- Juggalos with a sophisticated palate perhaps; a tiki lounge would not have been on the list. Upon my first visit, I was planing to just stick my head in to get a feel for the place. My partner G and I sat at the front which looked like a waiting area, but we were promptly greeted and given menus. G peppered the server with questions to make sure she's not allergic to anything--what couldn't be answered was found out. I scanned the menu for high protein foodstuff and was pleasantly surprised to see a few options. Back to Oakland and tiki lounges. Scanning around the room, it made sense to open a tiki bar. This downtown Oakland area is quickly becoming a dining/drinking hub for hip folks with a young attitude -- the problem is that's a very small part of the population. A tiki lounge attracts all people, one group looked like they came from a high school faculty meeting, another looked like regulars at Tribune. Longitude has a laid back environment, but serious where it counts -- service and quality. The Trinidad salt cod fritters (Caribbean fritters with a cilantro and roasted red pepper aioli) were served 5 to a banana leaf -- each large enough to be 2 bites worth. The fried exterior had a very thin crisp to it, the inside was soft and tender; each bite made me want to pause to enjoy it before stuffing my maw with another one. There was a slight mixup with the order of sweet potato fries, but it was quickly resolved with a fresh batch and every piece was devoured. For beverages, I'm not usually into fun drinks, but who wants to go to a Tiki lounge and gripe about that whale that escapes your harpoon year after year. I chose the Firecracker because of its curious ingredients: vodka, pickled ginger, lemon, and wasabi. As you can probably guess, it tasted like drinking sushi -- I mean that in the most laudable way (put that harpoon down). It would be fun to blindly order a bunch of  drinks and share them with your friends (who are free of communicable diseases), guessing the ingredients and which is what. The owner is the former manager of Forbidden Lounge in Alameda. Her mom created the illustrations on the menu and all around the restaurant. Kyoko is awesome server. I'll be headed back in proper attire next time.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2014,11/16/2014,147,142,11,12,10>I mean. There are brunch places. And then there are brunch spots. This is The Spot. Lake Merritt is steadily booming, and rightfully so; this area has so many things going for it and Portal just adds to the hood perfectly. Located on the corner of block that makes me feel like I've apparated to Bushwick, rests this gem. The brunch menu is perfect in size and in offerings. You want breakfast? Cool get yourself some benedict or stuffed french toast. You want a bit of Mexican? I feel you, order the Chilaquiles - which are nachos with eggs that are finished with a sprinkle of of crack. Lunch you say? Pick from one of the bomb.com sliders. (which are only slightly smaller than normal sized burgers - you will think 2 is not enough when you order BELIEVE YOU ME TWO IS ENOUGH) You can also take off your bottoms for $18.* The staff is amazing. I don't want to say that everyone is queer...but I'm pretty sure everyone is. The folks that come for brunch are a lil bit of everything, making for a really great and communal atmosphere. If you can swing the wait time, get a table at one of the huge and gorgeous wood benches outside. This is easily one of my top three favorite spots in the bay thus far. Here's whatchya need to do: 1. Plan ahead - you are going to wait for about 45 minutes to an hour. For me this means eating prior to eating. Aint nobody trying to brunch with a cranky SOB.2. Bring/buy some booze of your choice and head to the lake to chill while you wait to get your brunch game on. 3. Eat everything and get happily drunk on the patio of Portal. 4. Go back to the lake and take a nap. And that is your perfect weekend brunch adventure. *By bottoms I mean alcohol. Bottomless amounts of it. But by all means please pay a server $18 and take your pants off. I will be the person smiling and raising my mimosa to you.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,11/15/2014,54,200,1,11,6>Thanks to Yelp and Rita L for telling me about this awesome place! I went to the soft opening at the 10pm show.  It's located upstairs to Spice Monkey, which also looks like an awesome place to eat. Dinner and  comedy show for a great Sat night! Venue was great - open space, and still small and intimate for a good show. I really liked that there were a variety of performers, 5 comedians before the headliner came on. It was great that we could still order food and drinks for the show. Our waiter messed up an order or two  but it was no big deal and he was so nice about it comping us a drink.Overall we had a great time, and I look forward to seeing future comedy shows here.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,11/14/2014,201,130,6,10,7>Holy Smokes!! What an absolutely perfect addition to our town.I had this place bookmarked forever and had mentioned it to my mom several times. She had given up coffee some time back and today was going to relapse, so whats a good daughter gonna do? Well, this one took her to Mountain Grounds. Cute from the get go. The owner met us at the door and was so very friendly. I ordered the Crème Brullee because I had to, it was a deal I made with myself and did not disappoint. However next time I must try a cold drink. Mom had a latte and then walked outside for a phone call. The owner remembered exactly what she had described her perfect coffee to be (I didn't) and made it perfectly. Then after chatting for a while he offered us cinnamon toast he has been playing with, sweet and delicious. I gladly took the stamp card as I will be back. Probably very soon.Oh and mom had a coffee rush the rest of the day! Perfect! A+..
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,11/13/2014,406,300,4,5,6>The perfect place to enjoy some tasty beers with some good friends. All the beers we ordered were great. Very complex flavors. Even the stout had some bright fruity notes. So good. The side dishes were solid. Not off the charts, but definitely interesting and well made. In order of enjoyment, we had the braised beef lettuce wrap (almost Koreanesque), the Thai curry popcorn, the pickled vegetables, the sammich (corn bread soaked in honey with a spread in between), and the miso pork sandwich. Tasty enough to stand up to the beer!I was impressed that when one my friends told the bartender that I like Prohibition Ale, the bartend recommended the Flanders Red ale. And they were right. I definitely did like it! Not to mention the ambiance was a great mix of cozy and hip. Extra points for style, lost & found!Our pours:Rodenbach Classic Flanders Red Ale ($9/12oz)Anderson Valley Brewery Company Heelch O' Hops Double IPA ($7?/12 oz.)
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2014,11/12/2014,269,485,8,12,8>5 stars for Alejandro and the taco bar catering service!They did arrive 15 minutes late, which did make my heart race, since my party was starting in 15 minutes from they time they arrived and my guests were showing up early, but Alejandro was so fun and happy that it was hard to be stressed out.Our guests raved about how good the tacos were. The rice and beans and chips were excellent too!Since our party I have been to two other parties that used taco trucks and seriously neither were as good. One was really greasy and didn't even offer chips. Boo!!I love that they gave us all the leftover. We had amazing food for days!My only ehh, was that what Alejandro called guacamole tasted like green salsa. Maybe it was just a mis-communication, because I really wouldn't have expected them to include guacamole without an extra fee.They are a little on the pricier side for person compared to some other companies I called, but have a 40 person minimum vs. a lot of companies that have a 50 person minimum and they bring all the utensils, plates, napkins and extra tables with the serape cloths.We're going to a party tomorrow night from a friend who was at our party and they are using Rancho Grande Taco Bar Catering too.Can't wait to have some tacos!!
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2014,11/11/2014,158,99,6,12,8>I was craving a burrito after 2 months abroad in Asia. What is more American than Mexican food? (it's a joke, don't kill me) I went to the rusty trusty Yelp app to find a spot as I wandered around downtown Oakland and Ole Ole came with firm recommendations. I was not disappointed. The food here is super cheap and every order comes with a rainbow assortment of tortilla chips and access to the super fly salsa bar. The avocado salsa is everything everyone says--creamy yums. And the service is always extra friendly and efficient. Weekend mornings you see all manner of dudes and dudettes getting their breakfast burrito hangover grub and around lunchtime people working in the area flood the joint for their fast fix. It's not too big of a place so you might have to stand but I've never waited more than 20 minutes for an order. All of these perks combined with jumbo servings and a price tag usually $6 or less, I know where I'm going for burritos from now on.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2014,11/10/2014,279,212,5,9,5>Boiling Crab? Kickin' Crab? You might stone me for saying this, but I think Ray's Crab Shack might be better than both!Let me be completely transparent. We went to Ray's with little to no expectations. That's probably why I left so satisfied. Another reason is how much the other two make me feel oily and puffy (due to high sodium). However, Ray's delivered a great dining experience. GARLIC NOODLES ~ 4 stars: Much like Boiling and Kickin', Ray's garlic noodles are best enjoyed when you mix it with their sauce. Since their tables are lined with a clean sheet of wax paper when you sit down, just dump the noodles on the table and pour some of the sauce that's mixed with your boil on top. It adds a lot of flavor. If you haven't been doing this, you'll thank me when you try it. yelp.com/user_local_phot…SOFT SHELL CRAB ROLL ~ 2.5 stars: Too dry, not enough flavor and the fries were a little salty. They should put more mayo and/or slaw to counter the fried crab and french roll. The flavor was okay but eating it was comparable to stuffing your mouth with a handful of saltine crackers - Mojave Mouth. yelp.com/user_local_phot…CRAWFISH BOIL w/ MILD ULTIMATE POWER ~ 4.5 stars: The star of the show didn't disappoint. Sandy opted for the Ultimate Power sauce which is a combination of all their other sauces mixed together (Cajun Lemon Pepper, Original Cajun, Cajun Garlic Butter). First of all, the flavor was great. It was very similar to Boiling and Kickin' with a slight citrus note (from the lemon pepper) and good garlic flavor. But let's talk about how big Ray's crawfish are. They're huge! There were some in the bag with heads as big as a small chicken egg. That's a big win because it makes all that work so much more worth it. You have to admit one of the worst things about eating crawfish is all that peeling and pulling only to get one tiny morsel. Sandy has a huge crush on crustaceans, especially when it comes to crawfish. So her opinion probably holds more weight than mine since I'm just an average crustacean lover. She said Ray's is awesome and possibly better than Boiling and Kickin'. I don't blame her, I felt the same way. yelp.com/user_local_phot…All in all, the bill was only $33 pre-tip so I thought that was kind of awesome. Garlic noodles, soft shell crab roll and 1 lb of crawfish. I think that's pretty solid. We left full and satisfied - two things you should always walk away with from a solid restaurant.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,11/9/2014,110,127,7,14,11>It says a lot when you can walk into a restaurant not knowing if you'll enjoy the food or not, then walk out feeling confident about coming back and knowing you had a great experience and a fantastic meal. I must admit I am not a huge fan of Indian food, but Delhi Diner went beyond my expectations. The high quality of the food and service make this arguably one of the most professional and tasty Indian restaurants on Solano Ave and in the East Bay! Something I always like to recognize and appreciate is when a business owner not only actually works with their employees, but also introduces themselves to their customers and makes them feel welcome. When I ate here with my parents, Delhi Diner's owner, Subhash, greeted us warmly and made sure we were doing alright. Subhash told us he had over two decades worth of restaurant experience and that he believed in serving his customers the freshest and most authentic food possible. Your typical Indian all-you-can-eat buffet serves food that sits out in the open until it gets cold and needs to be reheated. Delhi Diner is strictly made to order and is served straight out of the kitchen(no stale naan bread or lukewarm curry here!).I ordered the chicken curry with medium spiciness and was very happy with how good it was! When you eat it over rice or use naan to dip it with, its very filling and flavorful. I was also able to try their vegetable samosas which were quite delicious, I could easily get full with the appetizers we ordered alone! Their idli sambar soup was one of my favorite dishes that I tried. I've had sambar at other Indian restaurants before but it always seemed to be missing something compared to sambar I had at one of my favorite Indian restaurants that closed its doors for good. Delhi Diner makes an incredibly hot and yummy sambar soup that is the closest I've had to what I remember to the sambar of my former favorite restaurant. The restaurant has a really sweet decor and is big enough to accommodate groups of people without feeling crowded. There's even live music played here at night during specific days of the week! This would be a great place to bring a date or have lunch or dinner with friends and family. The staff is very attentive and friendly too!Delhi Diner relatively new to Solano Ave but its operated as if its been here for years.  Its easy to ignore or avoid something you've never tried before and settle on something you know, but as I've learned quickly from eating here, you'd only be missing out! The food and service has the potential to rival Ajanta and is superior to most Indian restaurants that focus on buffets or chaat.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,11/8/2014,42,127,12,14,15>The first thing you notice as you walk in is the lovely little covered courtyard with flowing vines and a water fountain. It makes walking into Old Weang Ping immediately special. The you pass through a small waiting area into the cozy dining  room with it's retro booths, mismatched chairs, wooden tables and christmas lights circling the room (which is being watched over by a very chill deer wearing sunglasses and a scarf.)We were seated in a cozy corner spot and immediately were brought over what looked like a well-hydrated urine sample but tasted like a really light thai iced tea without the milk. It was refreshing and much better than plain water! The cups were filled several times by a gentleman, that from previous reviews, I'm assuming is one of the owners. The service was quick and friendly.We ordered corn cakes as an appetizer, which we both loved with the dipping sauce. They were fresh corn kernels in a batter, I know there was something else in there to add to the flavor but I forgot to ask. Shrimp maybe?  I got the duck curry special with pumpkin and pineapple. Sooo good. Generous duck chunks, good sauce which was just spicy enough.  My boy had the roasted coconut shrimp curry on the Indian crepe which was delicious.It was busy for a Thursday night, but a very mellow crowd. The was a wait for tables at 8:30 when we left. Prices very reasonable, our bill came to $34 for 2 entrees, an appetizer and two beers + the bottomless thai tea. We were stuffed when we left, and even had a little leftover for a snack laterWe'll be coming back!
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,11/7/2014,342,502,8,16,12>And here I thought the pearl milk tea scene in Berkeley was saturated. Sharetea gives every boba business a reason to tremble (except maybe Sweetheart's because they still have the best pearls and serve food and stuff and maybe Asha's, because they serve an entirely different demographic and have ridiculously high quality teas).Anyway, if you're wondering what to order, these have been my favorites so far:Hot Handmade Taro with Fresh Milk and Pearls (30% sugar)Honey Green Tea with Pearls (80% honey)Okinawa Pearl Milk Tea (it's made with brown sugar instead of regular sugar and the level of sweetness cannot be customized for some reason)Matcha Red Bean Milk Tea with Pearls (0% sugar)What's interesting is that these items are ordered differently than in San Mateo. Over on the west side of the Bay, I'm able to get the Honey Green Tea with 30% honey, and the Matcha Red Bean Milk Tea drink already comes with boba. Not sure why the discrepancy exists, but there you have it.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,11/6/2014,309,712,2,11,6>One of the best Sunday brunch places I have been to in a very long time!  So glad to hear from a friend that Campo had Sunday Brunch we had to go!  The buffet was placed in the middle of the place in front of the indoor bocce courts. Plenty of room to walk/serve from both sides.  All drinks were included in your meal.  They also offer Mimosas, Bloody Mary's, Tequila Sunrises, beers and any other well drinks they can make you FREE for the first 90 minutes of your meal!  JOY!!Beautifully displayed were pastries of muffins, mini croissants, assorted danishes. Ripe melons and pineapple slices.  Cheese platter with cheddar, Swiss and something else I can't remember. Charcuterie board of ham, salumi and prosciutto. There was also Smoked Salmon and cream cheese and capers and onions. 3 types of fresh salads. Yummy peel and eat shrimp.  The typical brunch items of bacon and sausage, french toast, eggs benedict and an omelette station with prime rib and roast turkey also baked chicken and a hot pasta dish.  The desserts were also good.  Mini Cheescakes in at least 4 different varieties, cannoli's, carrot cake slices, chocolate cake slices and tiramisu. Service was excellent!  Our waiter kept the drinks coming, filled waters, cleared used plates. Sunday brunch was only $29.95!  What a deal!   We had a great time and will definitely come back!
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,11/5/2014,121,64,1,9,7>Hands down one of my favorite ramen places.  Between the beautiful art on the walls, the (usually) fast service, the cheap prices, and the tv's broadcasting my favorite childhood movies, this place always makes me feel like a happy child whenever I go there.  Besides the delicious ramen, they also offer good-quality (not like, perfect, but really good for the price) nigiri.  Careful, sometimes the wait is long for the food, when it's crowded, but I know they are doing their best, always hustling and bustling around in such a small restaurant.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,11/4/2014,156,215,3,12,9>[Slap on wrist!] I somehow neglected to write a glowing accolade of Beauty's - my regular weekly bagel fix for the past 2 years. Beauty's joins the ranks of the FEW places I frequent frequently. Owner knows my name and my preference for warm, plain bagels (always order 2 - they are THAT good). The soups are mostly vegan and the salads are fresh. I never have an allergic reaction (meaning no icky preservatives). J usually gets the special of the day. We enjoy coming here on the weekend and sitting at either a table (alone or shared) or the bar (high and low). The scene is hipsters, families, post yoga ppl (Flying nearby). Local art for sale on the walls. Consistently clean bathroom. Bus your own table. Food pick up at the counter. Queue up for the 2 ipad cash registers. Receipt texted or emailed to you. Our tab for 2 ppl usually runs around $22-$28.Hint: Free refills if you drink coffee there (in their mug, which is smaller than the take out cup). One free refill of ice tea (can go to the front for the refill).On weekends, the lines can get long, parking can require circling, and food can take up to 30 min to prepare, but Beauty's is WELL worth the wait and effort. The owners are to be commended for consistent quality and for creating a place that is a pleasure to return to, week after week. I heart Beauty's!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,11/3/2014,92,111,36,20,24>I do love this store. I do! Back when I was unhappily single, rounding the corner toward forty, and feeling like everything in the goddamn world pointed toward Happy Family Times just to spite me, I used to go by a games store in the Lower Haight that had "family board game night" and I would go ooooooohhhhhh! somedaaaaay! someday I will bring my family to family board game niiiiiiight!"wellll that day has not yet come because my kids are still too little to appreciate Parchesi, but still: Board game stores have a special place in my heart. And I want to support them! In any way possible! So when I realized my friend's daughter's birthday was coming up, I thought, "oh! Jeez! Martha loves minecraft so much she goes to a special camp for it. I will get her those minecraft earrings I saw on Thinkgeek. But oh crap! Her birthday is tomorrow! I know, I'll shop local!" and headed over to Games of Berkeley.Oh my GOD PEOPLE! Is there really no subject that Berkeley can't be reverse-snotty about? Really? I walked in and asked if they had any Minecraft-related gifts, and the two people at the cash register looked at me like I had just pooped into a trucker hat and asked them to try it on. They didn't just say "No, sorry." The two of them looked at each other in horror -- HORROR. Had they been wearing pearls, they would have clutched them, I emphasize again, IN HORROR. Instead it was "We wouldn't have anything like that." "Huh! Why not?" I said, still not grokking the mine(GEDDIT?)field I had just plodded into. "AH-this store is for BOARD games. We just ah-wouldn't HAVE anything related to COMPUTER games." "Ah," i said, and indeed, I did feel estupido. But then I started shopping, and what to my wondering eyes did appear? Oh, nothing much, just a metric PLETHORA of items relating to Angry Birds, a hand-held version of the console game Centipede. MANY temporary tattoos relating to VARIOUS video games. I could go on.In fact, because I have no filter and am extremely socially awkward, I DID go on. Every time I found an item in the store pertaining to a computer game, I held it up and waved it at the snotty cashiers, saying "Oh look, oh my god! What is this doing here? It pertains to a computer game!" and they got heartily sick of me very soon.And then when I got home I searched their website and guess what! They have Minecraft stuff. Just not the earrings I wanted. Anyway you should totally shop there, because I'm sure they need the local shoppers, BUT you should also annoy them because that's just fun when people are snotty.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2014,11/2/2014,297,199,3,10,8>SPECIALTY - FALAFELIn the Spain episode of "No Reservations" Anthony Bourdain talked about the Basque restaurant Asador Extebarri as a specialty place because it does one thing great - grilling food. The term specialty also refers to this eatery. There are several items at this restaurant but I come here for one item - falafel wrap.My introduction to this eatery came about three years ago when after a Cal football game I was heading towards the Bart station. As walked towards this place someone from this eatery was giving away free samples of freshly fried falafel. I took a bite and I was hooked. Apparently during that time it was the grand opening. I knew I had to come here again for the falafel.The first time I ate at this restaurant I ordered the falafel wrap. I was totally addicted to this item. Ever since then when I come here I always ordered the falafel wrap. What makes the falafel wrap addicting? First the falafels as mentioned before are freshly fried. I've had falafels in the past where they're cold and stale. At Oasis Grill I love the breaded crunchy texture of the falafel. You would think since the falafels are deep fried that they would be heavy but they're not. Also I the wrap is lightly toasted over the burner. This makes the wrap light yet has a slight crunch as a panini. Inside the wrap the yogurt binds together the fresh vegetables. Overall this dish is hearty because it'll make you full. Anthony Bourdain said it best that he would like vegetarian dishes if people really knew how to make vegetables tasty. Well this vegetarian item is delicious. I believe if he had this item at Oasis Grill he would love it also. I admit I'm a carnivore at heart and not too fond of vegetarian dishes as the vegetables tend to be overcooked or mushy. I'll go on record by saying this is the best vegetarian dish I ever had.I've had other items at Oasis Grill but nothing compares to what I believe is their specialty - the falafels.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2014,11/1/2014,1027,1954,5,6,5>I've seen the reviews for this place slowly climb over the past couple months and remain at 5 solid stars.  I can see why now!Shrimp has been on my mind a lot lately and the craving has been insatiable.  The folks at Cal Eats cooks shrimp to succulent perfection. Ordering is similar to Chipotle in the sense that they'll work on your meat/seafood filling and then build the rest of the bowl/burrito with you.The shrimp and steak burrito costs around $8 but tastes super fresh.  Just two of the blackened fish tacos ($2.95 each) fills me up.  Good size fish, sufficient amount of toppings and sauce.I'm looking forward to coming back and trying the Cajun Shrimp and Chipotle Shrimp.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2014,10/31/2014,28,128,7,9,9>On the outside, TRH is a lonely standalone pub/grill.On the inside, TRH is low key and "seemingly" underrated.Don't let the appearance of this place or the # of customers fool you! The burgers are bombdigitty. Happy hour is great too! We ordered the 1/2 pound "poundies" for free technically with the $5off check-in deal.Those poundies were friggin' delicious! Pork belly meat, sour cream, cheese, and other goodies delivered to your mouth via nacho formation.Bronson burger - beef patty + pork belly slices + the perfect amount of balancing veggies. Prepare to get messy. TRH knows what's up. So juicy. So flavorful.I'd skip on the garlic fries though (the garlic was still semi-raw).
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2014,10/30/2014,351,295,7,8,8>Finally, wine for the masses. Oakland represents the new rise of urban wine, that has been sorely needed. Who needs to go to whine country when all the great wine  and wine education you 'll ever want/need is here.Bay Grape is not all about the tannins, the supposed tennis ball smell of wine, or any other crazy wine related factoids that you are supposedly not hip to. Owners Stevie, and Josiah are about empowering you to make great wine selections.They are a welcome breath of fresh air in the Bay Area wine scene. Their wine knowledge is top notch, and their wine selections are excellent.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2014,10/29/2014,637,423,17,21,18>Four of my coworkers did "the challenge", and I gotta say, it was one grueling and hilarious event as I watched them suffer.  What am I talking about?  Well its the Atomic Chili Cheese Dog Challenge!  Located in downtown Livermore, this place seems like a local favorite, as a few customers flocked in and out during lunch time.  It's a small place with a few simple and clean tables inside / out.  There was only one girl working at the time, but she gave great service, so no issues.  And no matter how busy she was, she worked as fast as she could, giving service with a smile.  ~ I gave the regular Atomic Chili Dog ($6.90) a try and loved it!  It was topped with what they consider 'insanely hot' chili, jalapenos, onions, bacon pieces, and nacho cheese.  I personally didn't think it was hot.  I mean it was hot, but not hot hot!  If anything, I wish she added more bacon bits.  As for the sausage itself, it definitely was meaty and spicy good!  Can't go wrong with a Saag's premium sausage.  If you've never been here and don't mind spicy, then I'd recommend giving this dog a try!~ I also gave the Foot Long Envy Dog ($6.49).  This was a fat 1/2 lb type of dog they use for the challenge.  Only without the big chili and without the secret heat sauce.  It was decent, but I like the atomic chili dog better.  If you're really hungry, this one will definitely fill you up!  ~ I'll be back to try the Mac Attack everyone raves about.  Damn!  Mac-n-Cheese and more cheese on a dog...  mmm mmm gettin' hungry just thinkin' about it.Notes:~ It's also dog friendly, as they have a water bowl next to the patio.  ~ Please don't waste your money on garbage like K/Casper's or Wienerschnitzel.~ My coworker/friend, Aaron W, SPANKED my other coworkers in the competition.  Check him out, as he made the Spanky's Hall of Fame!  HOT DOG IT UP!!!
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2014,10/28/2014,444,238,34,47,37>LEGIT Vietnamese in San Ramon? What the Pho?!I've made quite a few trips to Pho Sam, with each trip validating my previous, positive experience... These guys have consistency down to a science (even to-go!), so I felt compelled to show them some love...Again, a majority of my visits have all been To-Go & it's extremely rare (regardless of where you go) to get a decent bowl of DIY Pho, particularly w/ the clumpy, impossible to separate noodles & bland-ish broth... Here however? Items are extremely fresh, generous noodles (though aren't mashed into the container), fresh veggies, broth flavorful & scalding hot (meatballs included in the #18, Pho Dac Biet), etc... When I get home to prepare my soup, it looks (& tastes), just as good as if I were to eat-in... Broth temp is PERFECT & hot enough to safely cook the sides of rare beef, without having to first reheat in the microwave...The #11 (Hu Tieu Thap Cam) is delicious as well, with practically every spoonful including hearty chunks of chicken breast, ton's o' shrimp & strips of fish-cake... VERY good & may have just been promoted as my personal fave...They do a decent job on the Banh Mi here as well @ $4.95 which is about double the cost of their SJ counterparts, but they don't skimp & still relatively reasonable in price, particularly when comparing to other lesser-quality options within the area...Goi Cuon during my initial visit seemed to be missing sprouts, though subsequent visits proved that it was just a fluke. Ingredients are very fresh, sprouts crunchy & sliced pork as tender as it can be (especially for goi cuon, if you know what I mean)... Great peanut sauce as well & even better once you add Sriracha to balance out the sweet with some spice. Definitely glad I gave the rolls another shot since they do a very good rendition here (not to mention being a "regular" & welcomed side addition as a result)...I'm very happy (ecstatic actually), to have found this hidden gem, tucked away in such an unassuming location/strip-mall (between Fresh Millions & Beer Area Liquor store)... It's close to 1AM, I've got touch of Insomnia & now craving a bowl of Pho... Great thing is? I don't have to drive all the way to SJ to satisfy my cravings... Oh yes, I'm a regular...
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,10/27/2014,151,211,4,7,5>Yum! After a great bike ride along the Lafayette-Moraga trail, this delicious little spot was the perfect place to stop in to sit in the sun and enjoy some quality, authentic Mexican.The menu at this place isn't as expansive as some Mexican joints but I was happy to see a wide range of tortas and plates.The guacamole and salsas were top notch. There was a variety of salsa to choose from but I was pleased with pico. While the chips and salsa aren't free like some places, they do have unlimited free refills.I enjoyed the vegetarian burrito which was perfectly sized for a post-ride meal and my buddy who is a regular chomped down on some delicious tacos. The tacos looked excellent--lots of meat and well seasoned. I'll have to try them next time! My veggie burrito was well stuffed with beans, rice, veggies and a healthy serving of guac. We came around 4 pm and while the service was a bit slow, they did it with a smile. To their credit, it looked like they weren't expecting an early dinner rush.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,10/26/2014,301,86,3,7,5>About time. .. . a new hot spot in Oakland! I checked out this place yesterday after the A's game and I was really impressed. The inside is really spacious and everything looks shiny and new. When we first entered the diner we were greeted by a couple different employees, which was awesome. It was kind of empty so I was a little sketch about eating there, but later I found out why. Since the diner is new they haven't finalized their hard liquor Ls, they have wine and beer only. The menu has typical American food, but they're missing a few favorites! I was really craving a BLT after a full day of drinking, but they didn't have it on the menu. When I asked my waitress about this she said they can make it for me without it being 1,000$. Haha and when I received my bill it was only 7.95 with french fries, not bad at all! They don't have Blue Moon, but they have Shocktop on tap. They also have 2$ mimosas which are pretty strong
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,10/25/2014,470,139,6,9,8>Holy crap, I don't deserve this!!They're a little pricey, to be sure, but for the quality it's a bargain. I got there right as my massage started, which meant that I couldn't take advantage of the showers and spa beforehand. I made a note to hit that up later. David is a magic man! He was very professional, gently guiding me from the waiting room to the massage room with his hand on my back as though I were a cherished child.The Swedish massage was amazing. David hit all of my tension without causing any pain, and I've had a few really uncomfortable massages in my day. I think he could tell when I seized up in anticipation of pain, and then he would back right off. I asked him to focus a little on my shoulders, which he did without ignoring the rest of my body. Other points I really enjoyed: scalp massage, foot massage and forehead massage. I would have enjoyed if he'd used the same technique on my hands as on my feet, but perhaps that effort went to the shoulders. no complaints here.After my massage, David guided me back to the locker rooms where I learned an important lesson: rich people use a LOT of water! The shower had nine heads!!! It was crazy and I'm still not sure it's necessary. I personally didn't find it any more comfortable that a single-headed shower, and I fretted the whole time about the drought. Well, admittedly, I could have used the single-headed wand, but didn't. ;-)Then there was the spa. Clothing optional, but I was the only person who was nude. I was too relaxed to feel awkward. Jets, amazing view, wet towels with ice on them... What more could I want? Validated parking. Which they have. Jam!One more note: I forgot my wallet at home and they were TOTALLY cool about it. I didn't realize until I was already in the parking lot 15 minutes before my massage, which was nowhere near enough time to run home for it. I scrounged up a few documents from my car (insurance, work badge), and the manager let me use the credit card on file. I appreciate that. In a world where no one trusts each other, the faith was quite refreshing. And so was the cucumber ice water.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2014,10/24/2014,291,487,5,10,10>I love this place!  I was so happy when they finally opened their doors a few weeks ago.  I have been waiting since January for opening day.  This past Sunday they had a proper grand opening celebration & beer lovers from all over the Bay Area came out to celebrate!There is plenty of seating & two outdoor patios.  If you visit on Thursday you can watch the band play at the weekly farmer's market.  The beer selection is constantly changing.  They have a nice mix of local beers (Rare Barrel, Faction, High Water, Altamont, Heretic, to name a few).  Check the menu screen for the current beers on tap & what's on deck.  The little keg icons next to each beer show how much is left in the keg.  Cool!  It also shows the type of glass your beer will be poured in.  The only thing missing is the IBU's, something I am personally interested in so I don't order a super hoppy beer.  If you're not sure what to order, ask!  The staff are super friendly & very knowledgeable.  They are more than happy to give you a taster of any beer.  It's so cool how they have their radio studio right in the taproom.  If you're lucky enough to visit during a broadcast, you may learn a thing or two about beer.Congrats to the folks at The Brewing Network & thanks for bringing this great little hangout to downtown Concord!  I can see I'll be here pretty often.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,10/23/2014,179,235,6,14,6>Love love love Expresso Airport Parking for those early morning flights when you can't be bothered taking BART. You can reserve a spot for free on-line (highly recommend). Outdoor parking is often very crowded and the last thing you want to do at 4:00 a.m. is drive around looking for a spot in the dark. For that reason, go with the lit indoor parking ($9/day with the on-line coupon). TIP: Be sure to print out the coupon!!!! They have Peet's coffee and sometimes pastries & newspapers near the cashier (free of charge) and the shuttles run often (every 10-15 minutes). Friendly staff too! Anyone who can be cheerful at 4:00 a.m. is tops in my book :) The lot is close to the airport and takes less than 10 minutes to get there. They only drop off at the far end of the island at the airport so it can be a bit of a walk depending on what airline you are flying on.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,10/22/2014,28,168,3,12,6>This place is AMAZING!!!  It was the one thing that bummed me out by moving from Cleveland out here.  I missed going to my local Aladdins for some Mediterranean food.  When I noticed this place on Yelp, I got super excited to see a new place in town.  Plus, with all the high ratings, I knew I had to try.  The concept is very similar to a Chipotle.  You pick either a Bowl or in a Pita.  Can get Falafel or Chicken (Free Range) or even cous cous.  I got a combination of both to try -- which was amazing, but I think for future I will just get falafels because they were sooo good.  You can also get tomato cucumber salad, tabbouleh, purple cabbage or even lettuce.  They have some extras like feta cheese, olives. All this for $6.95.  Definitely worth the price. They even sell 6 pack of pitas, which I bought to take home.  Service was friendly and told them it was my first time so they walked me thru the whole process.  The only downside is the dining area/parking is limited, but I think I would always buy and just bring home.  Highly recommend and I will definitely be back.  SO HAPPY!!!!!!!!  Oh and the Baklava was AMAZING!!!!!!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2013,10/21/2014,587,317,5,11,6>This may be my favorite Chinese restaurant since I've moved to the West Coast.  I know people rave about the crab at RNG Lounge and Crustacean/Thahn Long.  I think (if you like spicy) the Ma Po Tofu Dungeness Crab here is the best crab dish in the Bay.  THe salt and pepper crab was also delicious, but the mapo tofu crab is unlike any crab dish I've ever had!  It's got the deep szechuan heat - not tongue searing heat, but a deep spice.  Another must try is the five spice pork shoulder which is off the hook and pretty much on every other table.Service is very much a chinese restaurant - don't be passive - call them over.  I called my server and he came running over to take my order, and the gentleman next to me was complaining, saying "I was here first!!".  That's like standing on a corner and when I hail a cab, trying to claim you have first dibs...Anyway, the food here is solid, spicy, northern chinese goodies.  Will definitely be back and bring friends so you can order a lot of dishes - each dish is pretty big.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,10/20/2014,354,58,3,13,6>I can honestly say this is my favorite Thai food restaurant, on all levels. Service: Unbelievable. The first time my wife and I went, our waiter informed us how the sauces were made (home crafted), the differences between the dishes and offered to box our dinner up with more fresh rice and actually had extra's of our entree made for us to take home hot. Every time we have been back, they check in often, refills are plentiful, and they always want to make sure our food is what we wanted. Food: The best. I typically order the basil chicken, and I've had this at many Thai places... and it doesn't get better than this place. The sauce is light, yet bountiful in flavor. My wife has tried all sorts of curries (I'm not a curry fan) and swear by them. My dad too. We've yet to have a bad dish here, and everything we get that we've had elsewhere was hands down the best in quality and flavor. Price: Reasonable for what you get. Entree's range from around 10$ to mid 20's depending on what you get. My wife and I get out of here for around $50 after tax and tip for dinner. So.. we don't eat here often. But when we do, it's worth the money. Overall, I rate this place the best Thai food around.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,10/19/2014,334,415,2,12,10>From the moment I laid eyes on this place, I breathed a sigh of relief that finally (!) downtown Berkeley has a destination that fills the void between high end (overpriced) and college food. Walking in through the unmarked door, the decor is obviously well-thought out with all the right finishing touches. I especially love the subway tiles in the bathroom, slate gray flooring, and butcher block like tables. The all-American menu boasts at least 30 rotating beer taps, Californian wines on tap, and although there is a full selection of liquor, the whiskey collection is the proud gem of the bar. A small menu of specialty cocktails are almost a mere token compared to the whiskeys, but the best deals are the $5 "Bear Brew" (a Racer 5 + a shot of bourbon!) and bloody mary. Definitely try to catch happy hour, which goes until 6pm every day. There are fantastic deals on apps, and $2 off everything else.The only thing that tempers the Eureka! spirit is the hit-or-miss service. At first I attributed it to the restaurant finding its legs when it opened, but it's still extremely hit-or-miss months after opening. Depending on who's tending bar, this can definitely be one of those aggravating places where every man at and 3 people deep will get served before a female. Be wary!
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,10/18/2014,180,411,5,9,6>This is the place I compare all my pizza to. Need I say more? The service was sweet, attentive. The outdoor space is dreamy and perfect in the early summer evening with a glass of red. However, the inside space is really snazzy too. We sat next to this awesome guy who was asking the waitress whether she preferred Dustin Hoffman or Al Pacino, followed by a light debate. The salad was just lettuce on a plate - but wow, that was a dish made for bunny royalty! And the pizza just blew my mind - lightly salty crust with a bit of chewiness, a rich and dimensional sauce, the best homemade sausage I've ever had, and just the right amount of mozzarella (not in every bite). I will stick around for dessert next time and try some other items.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,10/17/2014,228,535,6,11,9>I ordered Peter's Kettle Corn for 200 people for my wedding's popcorn bar. I ordered the popcorn through the email on their website (since I had some from their food truck during Off the Grid). John was very helpful with my requests and answered questions quickly. I paid through paypal after I worked out my order and picked it up at their commercial kitchen in Alameda a few days before my wedding. All the popcorn was sealed and boxed and was fresh, light and yummy for the day of. Everyone loved the popcorn and wanted to know where I got it from.The flavors I chose were:Matcha Green Tea and White Chocolate: Very sweet and tangy, if you love green tea you will LOVE this popcorn. Everyone told me it was their favorite.Saigon Cinnamon: Spicy and sweet, strong cinnamon flavor and very bold.Plain popcorn: just regular popped corn, my husband loves plain popcorn and it was a must to have it at our wedding. It was very yummy with our open bar (ha!)And Original Kettle (with purple food coloring as per my request to make it purple to match my wedding colors): Kettle to me is like the best....sweet not to sticky but not chewy, it had a light crunch and is sooooooo tasty!If you ever need popcorn to be catered, I would definitely go with Peter's Kettle Corn. Their flavors and service cannot be beat!!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2014,10/16/2014,320,266,6,12,10>I've been dying to go here, so as soon as I heard they opened, we ventured out to check them out.  It has been only the 2nd day after they had officially opened.  I tend to like to wait for a week or so for the restaurant to be running smooth usually, but I just couldn't hold back.  With much excitement and anticipation, there is always a chance I'm going to be disappointed, but got to take that risk sometimes, right?We arrived on Wednesday evening about 7:30.  The restaurant is fairly busy, but not completely packed.  We asked to sit at the bar, and found seat at the very left of the bar where the bar is lower and we could watch bartenders at work. The bar was almost fully packed and several bartenders were there working quickly. One of the bartender acknowledged us, and said he will be with us soon. We were originally thinking abut wine, but after watching him make cocktails beautifully, we decided to go with cocktails instead.  The menu has a nice selection of cocktail using small batch spirits.  After speaking to the bartender who had vast knowledge of each cocktail, I decided on DILL-ICIOUS with lime, cucumbers and dill, and my husband had BLOOD AND SAND with blended scotch and cherry bourbon.  Both were excellent, and very refreshing.Now on to the food! They have a nice selection of oysters, all are around $3-$5 range each, but they also have their daily oyster that are $1.50 each. Today's oysters were Fanny Bay.  We got 6, then another 6 because they were really good.  They are smaller in size and briny which I love.  They come with selection of 3 sauces -- mignonette, cocktail, but also their house made habanero sauce. Habanero sauce was smoky, sweet and savory, complex flavor of some onions/garic and others, with some heat.  I'm an oyster purist and usually shun gimmicky sauces, but this was no gimmick, it was the real thing. I really enjoyed a small amount of this sauce on the oysters as well as the other sauces.We also ordered lobster roll.  I saw on some of the yelp review lobster was barely cooked through, but ours were cooked all the way through.  To me, pretzel roll was a bit too heavy for the taste, and I prefer lighter rolls. I still can't forget lobster roll I had in Boston, and around here Sam' Chowder house still have the bests.  This one was good, and my husband loved it. Fries were excellent.  They have really good ketchup -- I forgot to note the brand.Then came the soft shell crab.  It was crispy, not heavy, probably the best soft shell crab I've had.  My husband loved it.  Clam chowder was very good and also interesting.  They have crunchy celery bits in them instead of well cooked celery.  Bacon adds smoky flavor and richness to this chowder.  To me, I can live with less bacon in this soup and taste more clams, but I know the love of bacon around here.  Still an excellent chowder and great flavor.  They were out of squid ink carbonara... a big bummer for me.  I need to go back for this.Last dish we selected was their grilled octopus.  It was probably the best grilled octopus I've had in west coast.  The octopus was tender, and potatoes were yummy with nice fingerling potato texture you get when you rost them.  I think I tasted tarragon and parsley in their nice rich virgin olive oil sauce.  I finished the meal with gin martini with lemon twist which had an excellent flavor. Chef came out a couple of times to ask about food, and service and food was excellent.  The bartender that helped us was very knowledgeable about their food as well as their drinks.  I could not believe how well they are running, only 2 days after their official opening. I'm so excited to have a great local oyster bar without crossing the bridge, and also enjoy excellent drinks, food and service.  We will be going back for sure!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,10/15/2014,47,34,8,18,11>This new addition to the Oakland dining scene is a must try!  I've only had a few dishes, but the oysters with cucumber blew my mind. The perfect bite on a hot summer day, the diced cucumbers added a fabulous crunch.  The shrimp lollipops were moist and flavorful (and fun to eat), and the crabmeat & corn on crostini was sweet summer perfection.  While there, I tried a blanco tequila and beer (yes you heard me) cocktail that was refreshing but with a nice kick.  Bartenders are master craftsmen (and women!)The decor is soothingly nautical in color and tone, and the addition of an 8 foot copper sink for Chef German's customers to cleanse messy hands after having engaged in crawfish boil excesses, is whimsical thoughtfulness at its best.Can't wait to go back and sample more of the menu.  The outdoor dining should be just the ticket for hot summer evenings in Uptown Oakland.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,10/14/2014,233,174,11,17,16>Heat Hot Sauce Shop is unreal. As I walked through the door, I thought I was dreaming. Bottle after bottle of magical sauces bound to evoke tears. You could spend a solid half hour just reading the labels. How can you not get behind a place that sells products called "Satan's Blood" and "Reaper Slingblade"?Heat carries sauces and condiments from all around the world - locally made flavors and exotic tastes. Salsa, harissa, marinade, mustard, bbq sauce, jam, spicy candies and chocolate, you name it. Just in case you were wondering, they also stock pure capsaicin, which seems like more of a terrible prank than a useful spice, but where else can you buy it in town? If you're hesitant to buy a bunch of bottles without tasting first, don't be shy to sample any or all of the open bottles near the register with their complimentary tortilla chips. In case of emergency, those faint of heart will be pleasantly surprised to know that they have a water cooler but I would still read the fine print before trying anything. Since coming here, I've developed an addiction to Marie Sharp hot sauces from Belize and have become that crazy person with a bottle of Orange Pulp Habanero in my purse. It's my current must have condiment. The Grapefruit variety is also exceptionally tasty. I have yet to try the Green Habanero or the Belizean Heat but I have heard nothing but good things.  In terms of staff, the lone guy behind the register was very friendly and encouraged my friend and I to be adventurous with the samples. He pointed out some of the best sellers, had a laid-back demeanor, and provided service with a smile. A+. If you're a heat seeker, your experience at Heat Hot Sauce Shop is bound to be life altering. Don't walk, run!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2014,10/13/2014,242,113,10,18,14>Whenever I walk into the Livermore Public Library, I feel happy knowing that at least some of my hard-earned tax dollars are being spent wisely. The library is spacious, clean and well-organized, with plenty of comfortable seating, computer terminals, and private rooms for group study or meetings. If you have little ones, you MUST go to this library. The kids section alone is as big as some other libraries! Besides books and DVDs for all ages, they have computer terminals and listening stations, a toddler area (complete with benches and tables and sofas and stuffed toys!), and a special room for painting and other activities. There's even a separate kids bathroom in here! As summer is just winding down, I must mention the library's summer reading program. They track up to 35 books your kids read and they can come in to claim prizes and do activities (like face painting) after every 5th book read. Both my girls took part this summer and loved this program. Other things I love about the library are the excellent wifi, polite and efficient service, regularly updated art on the walls, concerts and other events, outdoor seating areas to enjoy a cuppa from the adjoining cafe, and beautiful grounds if one wants to take a break and stretch ones legs. I can go on and on --- there are a few things I'm missing for sure. Go check out the Livermore Public Library - and feel pride in being a part of our community!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2014,10/12/2014,370,470,6,10,6>Got a buck? You're in luck!I've always seen taco specials advertised on Tuesdays. But, here at Whipple Taqueria, everyday is taco day here!I was working from home and was feeling hungry. My first attempt to come to this restaurant was a fail. I got here thirty minutes after closing time. From then on I was on a mission to try this place out. That day came and I found my way back to the taqueria.I arrived here around 3pm and it was semi busy in the dining area. As for the counter for ordering was not. I took a look at their menu offerings on a over head menu. They had a variety of meats for their tacos. I decide to get four tacos with meat of choices of al pastor, carne asada, pollo (chicken), and carnitas. I also order a California burrito, which contains french fries in a burrito if you're not familiar with it. I had to take my order to go since I was on my work clock. My order took about ten minutes to prepare.Once I got home, I unwrapped the foil of the paper plate revealing four nicely prepared tacos. Assembled with flour tortillas, meats, and topped with cilantro and onions, my mouth was already watering! With the squeeze of some lime over these tacos made them taste much better. As for the California burrito, it was good. It was stuffed with french fries, carnitas, cheese, sour cream, and refried beans. The carnitas tasted a little bland, but with a little hot sauce did the trick.Why wait till Tuesday for a taco? Give Whipple Taqueria a try where taco day is everyday!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,10/11/2014,174,447,6,13,13>A few weeks ago, it really clicked why Oakland is getting so much press about being a great destination from local blogs to the New York Times.  There is a there here.  Grand Ave from Telegraph Ave to Mandana  plus the slight detour onto Upper Lakeshore is one of the best places to stroll, eat, pamper, learn and shop.   It started out as just brunch with friends but essentially took an unexpected vacation day worthy of travel on a plane ride.I had my epiphany at stop #8, Alchemy Bottle Shop.  This delightful shop sells high end local and small boutique spirits.  I love the bottle of Square One Cucumber Vodka I discovered here. Of course you can get things cheaper at chain stores but the personal touch, staff suggestions and enchanting environment take me to a happy place. The little touches make this place extra special.  The best is the bitters tasting station.  You can try samples of the vast selection of bitters. I bought the Firewater one from Scrappy's - its delicious.  They also sell a homemade tonic water spice packet from the Oakland Spice Shop. Make it yourself or give a great hostess gift to a Vodka or Gin lover.Alchemy is a clean, well lighted place to buy boutique spirits, bitters and other mixers. Highly recommend.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2014,10/10/2014,297,409,13,19,13>But soft! What light through yonder window breaks? It is the east, and Sanctuary Bistro is the sun. Butchery of Shakespeare aside, let me just say that I REALLY REALLY REALLY like this restaurant. I booked a table with extreme enthusiasm, as this place has been in the works for many months now. During that time, I stared longingly at all the photos of their gorgeous food, hoping that one day I might be able to sample it with my own taste buds. My friend Gerry and I were scheduled for a 7 o'clock reservation. However, they were running a bit behind. No worries, it was a pleasant evening, and there were some nice benches to sit out front and chit chat. The interior is very simple and homey, yet charming. I am a huge fan of exposed brick walls, and this place has them. The place was abuzz with talking, laughing, and even live music. An adorable pixie playing the guitar crooned away as we dined. Jen (one of the owners) buzzed around the room like a firefly, making sure each table got its complimentary taste of the Chef's chèvre "cheese" on a tiny cracker wedge. It was super yummy. I don't think I have ever tasted an actual chèvre, but it was delicious nonetheless.First course consisted of an "oyster mushroom crab-less cakes, micro greens with a remoulade sauce". I loved the combination of the creaminess of the sauce and the 'shroom crab-cake. Second course was the salad course, which consisted of "mixed heirloom tomatoes from Eatwell Farms, lemon cucumbers, fresh basil with a house 'cheese', tossed with a balsamic reduction". Confession: I am weirdly not a tomato gal, and I tend to pick them out of my salads or off my sandwiches. I'm not even sure why. Whatever the reason, they are not one of my favorite veggies. I did enjoy the cucumbers and the "cheese" on top. I prefer my salads heavy on the greenery, but if you are a tomato fan, you will love this little number. The third course was a "house-made porcini ravioli with a mixed mushroom and 'cashew cheese' duxelle in a spinach sauce with braised carrot and zucchini slaw". Gluten-free folks rejoice, as even this was GF. I loved the meatiness of the mushrooms inside the pasta. Quite easily, one of the better raviolis I've tasted.On to the fourth course. This was the pièce de résistance. I mean, it was a real beauty. Something you would do a double take on. I think I literally gasped when it arrived at the table. It was a "Southern tofu served with a twice-baked potato topped with shiitake bacon served with a summer squash medley with a sweet Dijon drizzle". Okay, folks. Brace yourselves. This was one of THE BEST tofus I have tried. Ever. In all of my 27 years, I would say that this is easily in the Top 10, perhaps even the Top 5. I have eaten a heckuva lot of tofu in my day, so it's hard to narrow it down precisely. The crunchiness on top was light, and perfectly seasoned. The butter sauce perched atop the potato was rich and creamy. The veggies were perfectly cooked. Simply a delightful little dish. My compliments to the chef! Any finally, the thing that leaves the final impression, the last taste in your mouth, the ever-important dessert course: "bananas foster served with an orange Liquor and fresh strawberry coconut ice-cream". Gosh, I'm still thinking about that lovely ice cream. It melts super quickly, so snap your instagram photos post haste and then gobble it up! Jen and Barry seem like a wonderful couple, full of passion and energy. I would love to talk to them at some point, as this place has quickly become one of my new favorites.Summary: the food is all vegan and gluten-free. All of their beers and wines are local. They have kombucha on tap. Go there.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2014,10/9/2014,346,364,17,16,18>Sauced is my JAM! People come in from out of town, Sauced.  Eating Downtown with a large group, Sauced.  Whenever I want to go out to eat but don't want Mexican or Afghani food, Sauced.  Portions are huge which makes the borderline outrageous prices worth it.  Every meal is the equivalent of two unless you get the burnt ends sandwich.  Save your $14 bucks on that one because there are bigger and better things to order.  I usually have no patients for salads.  I consider their contents only suitable as food for my food to eat, but I make an exception for the Sliced brisket salad.  It's delicious. Even the half order of the Rednexican Nachos is a spectacle.  It's huge and piled high with almost every ingredient Sauced keeps on hand.The Loaded Sweet Potater!   This is my new love.  Bacon, beans, cheese, sour cream, Jalapeños, and chopped brisket atop a 1.5lb sweet sweet tater!  This is a two meal meal for sure and is even better second day.I also happen to like the atmosphere.  It's like a sports bar crashed into a trendy, rustic, industrial restaurant.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,10/8/2014,85,168,8,9,8>Let me start by saying I'm NOT a breakfasty sort of gal. I know it's the most important meal of the day, but like Hazel Grace in The Fault in Our Stars, I don't like being pinned into one type of food for a specific dining time. That being said. I. LOVE. DENICAS. I've had many breakfasty dishes including their incredible Eggs Benedict (with THREE eggs, mind you), Chilaquiles, Omlettes of all sorts and one of my favorites James's Special (which is an egg/mushroom/chorizo/sausage/onion scramble). I've never gotten past the savories to try pancakes, French toast or crepes, but have it on good authority from my daughter, husband and a good friend each of those items are scrumptious as well. I take that back... they've given me bites and they are delicious! Most of the time you get a side of home potatoes on the side and they are just fantastic. You will NOT leave hungry unless by your own choosing. My hubby ordered the blueberry pancakes once and I swear it was as big as a hubcap. I love their coffee which is not true of most eating establishments. I'm not a coffee snob, but I know bad coffee and Denica's does not have bad coffee. The coffee is served in homey mis-matched mugs. I always like to see which one I get. :) Did I mention they have complimentary chips and salsa available? There are always fresh tortilla chips and delicious salsas available. Let's talk about Denica's cinnamon roll which I like to lovingly refer to as a Cinnamon Ottoman. My daughter teases me because of my proclivity of using a baby as a unit of measure. However, in this case, Denica's cinnamon rolls (nee Cinnamon Ottoman) are CERTAINLY bigger than a newborn baby's head. They are absolutely delicious from the outside in. Typically I eat from the inside out on a cinnamon roll because I love the ooey gooey centers and don't want to fill up too fast and not get to enjoy the center. With other cinnamon rolls the center is about as good as it will get, but with Denica's Cinnamon Ottoman every bite is wonderful. Denica's cookies are absolutely a treat. Sometimes I don't feel like baking, but still want a cookie. I can't compare her cookies to a baby, but it's fair to say they are just this side of smaller than a DVD. My favorite is the Snickerdoodle and the Oops. The service is always friendly and on a few occasions I've seen and spoken with Denica herself. You can spot her looking radiant in colorful chef's jackets. I recall once I had Chilaquiles (in the Dublin location before Livermore opened) and my chips were on the cold side. She came back and immediately whisked them away and had the chefs make new ones for me. I only asked if they could just get zapped in the microwave as I was not picky. The counter staff is always cheerful and friendly as well as the serving staff and bussers. So from this non-breakfast loving gal I wholeheartedly recommend Denica's to you. Maybe one day I'll even try a lunch item, but for now I'm pretty delighted with the breakfasty offerings. So put on your stretchy pants and meander over to Denica's for some tasty food and great service!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,10/7/2014,130,140,11,20,13>THIS PLACE IS EXCELLENT AND NEEDS TO ADVERTISE MORE.Ok, got the jasmine green tea with shoju. Freaking heaven in a cup. I didn't taste the shoju. I simply felt it. A little tingle. In my ear. And the warmth on my nose. The jasmine tea though. Wow, that's where it's at. I love my Asha Tea House but this joint's jasmine tea was SO nice and jasminey. Like not eau de jasmine jasminey but like WOW I HAVE JASMINE IN MY TEA jasminey. So delicious and so totally worth the effort to get down on a Fri-Sat from 5-10. I hope this opens up as a proper shop and also really happy with the crowd size; not too many people so I could sit and enjoy my tea!!I'm coming back for more! Really will! Novel concept, delicious execution.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,10/6/2014,503,1251,8,18,16>I've always known that there was a separate restaurant on the Miraku property, I just never gave it much attention.  Miraku Japanese Cuisine & Sushi is easily seen from Broadway St., but it's little sister in the back, Miraku Noodles, is easy to miss.  They are actually the same building, but are painted different colors to differentiate the two restaurants, have different signs, and customers cannot access one from another without walking outside.It was pretty warm out as I walked to the Noodle house and I started to rethink my idea of a hot soup for lunch, but I was too curious to turn around. A tiny woman greeted me and sat me in front of a TV broadcasting sports. So far, so good.  She brought me an iced water with lemon and a one-page menu listing the soup and salad selections. I ordered a hot ramen soup with spicy broth.  For $2.50 extra I choose seafood instead of the land animal options.A small plate of edamame was served complimentary and followed by a lightly dressed bowl of salad. Shortly after, my soup was set in front of me, hot and steaming! Fresh broccoli, bok choy, green onions, delicious ramen noodles, and a very tasty broth! Plus lots of shrimp, mussels, fish cake and more! This was actually the first time I've ever tried a fish cake, and I liked it.It was a huge serving and I wasn't able to finish the bowl but I was happy to have some leftover.  I took it to-go in the container I brought with me and walked back to work, glad to have tried and enjoyed somewhere new today!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,10/5/2014,185,86,6,9,7>Food: This place has been my go-to for a great local burger since I was in elementary school.  So that's at least ten years now.  I think that says something in itself, but seriously, the burgers and sandwiches here are the best.  It's a little different from fast food joints and tastes more like what you would grill yourself at home, so the food has a nice smoky, char-grilled taste.  Definitely recommend the cheeseburger or the terriyaki chicken sandwich, both of which are amazing.  Oh, and the fries are nice, thick steak fries that I can never have enough of.  Stay away from the onion rings though because the portions are really small-- you get a small size for the same price as the large fries.  I have rarely strayed from those two sandwiches and an order of fries but when I do, I am still never disappointed.  Service: This is probably where the place should lose stars but my love for this place transcends stars.  The place is run by two korean ladies that speak broken english.  When you go up to the order window, they often will be completely silent and just ignore you as they go about their business.  They are always working and are never lax about working, but if they are busy with something else, you will basically not exist.  But once they step up to the ordering window, they always have a smile and take your order with enthusiasm.  Kinda strange, but its all good.  Also during lunchtime on weekdays, expect a line from the hoards of nearby high schools and community college.  Since they make everything to order, it takes a bit of time no matter what you order.Environment:  Its a small little stand in the middle of a plaza.  You order your food, they give it to you all at the same window and then you can take it to go or eat at the little picnic tables in the plaza.  Nothing special but looking inside, you can tell the place is well-kept and clean.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2014,10/4/2014,295,125,10,13,9>AMAZING SERVICE!We have a huge dog. Half German Shepard and pit bull. Hes a total sweetheart but a HUGE DOG. My boy and I wanted to go out to eat but we didn't know exactly where to go that was dog friendly. We called and we spoke to a lady who was extremely friendly!We asked about their dog policy and they said that it was totally fine to bring him with us. When we arrived we were quickly seated in an amazing spot in the backyard. The decor of this place is very beautiful!! It was like a set of a country movie. I was really impressed. They gave all of us water.. even our dog! They were very friendly and suggested their favorites when we asked. Their suggestions were very tasty. We missed the happy hour by minutes but they let us order one happy hour drink. The people there were really friendly to our dog!! FOOD = AMAZINGDECOR = AMAZINGSERVICE = AMAZINGDRINKS = AMAZING!!Don't miss out and come here when you can!!!
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2014,10/3/2014,306,817,12,12,7>We stopped by Doughnut Dolly and were served by Dolly in person.  As you may know from visits to the original Temescal Alley Dolly's, the doughnuts here live on a different planet from the similarly named objects at Happy Donuts on Gilman yelp.com/biz/happy-donut… .  The Dolly team sells you a compact hand-rolled bomb of sweetness into which a cream of your choice has been injected at the moment of purchase.  Not being a big dessert guy, I opted to split a doughnut ($3) with my companion.  We went for the coffee malt cream, which Dolly described as the least sweet.Full disclosure: it was wonderful and delicious!  DD gets five stars because it's at the top of its category.For me, however, my half of our doughnut was all I wanted to eat.  Despite my high regard for the Dolly product, I won't be back very often: as you know from my other reviews, I prefer filling my daily calorie quota with alcohol and savory treats.  See you at Picante or at Pyramid, OK?
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,10/2/2014,999,361,13,17,16>I've been wanting to come here for forever. I seriously had the best time!TIP#1: To all the non lightweight individuals, I recommend you pregame beforehand, or else you'll be spending some $$$. But don't drink too much cause you want some memories to hold onto!Cover is $15 per person. I got inside around 10:30pm on a Friday night. The place was huge and already starting to fill up.My friend got me a drink, and that's where the fun all started.There are different stations of things you can do. You can watch the ladies on the bar tops singing and dancing. You can attempt to dance to country music. I was stumbling all over the place... lol. For $4, you can sit in the dentist chair to swig some alcohol. For another $4, you can ride the mechanical bull! TIP#2: Ride the mechanical bull earlier in the night, or else you won't stay on for very long.... hahaha! Also lean back, not forward.TIP#3: Apparently if you dress up and wear flannel, it's very obvious that it is your first time, but you should do it anyway to get into the spirit.I really enjoyed this place, because it's such a different scene, as opposed to the usual bar or club scene. It's like a different world. It was nothing but good vibes that night... I loved it! Have fun and be safe! :)
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,10/1/2014,188,238,15,20,19>If there was ever a dish that had my name all over it, it would be the Chicken Souvlaki from Demitri's. Yeah, I'm considering changing my name to Chicken Souvlaki. This dish is THAT freaking fantastic! The grilled chicken is wrapped in a warm pita bread with thinly sliced tomatoes, red onions, and an amazing tzatziki sauce. It is also served with fries or pasta salad.Before I go any further into my new name, let me rewind. I came to Demitri's for lunch on a Saturday with a girlfriend. The place was just starting to fill up. We were seated right away, and our waiter brought us a basket of toasted bread and a strong garlic dip. Slather some of that garlic spread on the bread and oh boy. Try to stop eating! My friend and I both ordered the traditional pitas. She opted for the gyro, which was delicious with slabs of roasted beef and lamb meat. She was too full to touch her pasta salad so Demitri's portions are very generous as well.Now let's return to my Chicken Souvlaki. Good lawd. This was SO tasty! The chicken was moist and tender, the pita bread was lightly toasted, and the tzatziki sauce brought it all together. The ingredients and sauce just meshed so well together--exactly like the Greek gods intended. I ordered fries instead of the pasta salad for my side dish simply because I love fries, but you'll get your fill of carbs either way. The fries were sizzling hot and crisp. They were the perfect thickness. All other fries out there should try to emulate these crunchy slithers of potato heaven.So if I haven't made my case already, Demitri's Taverna provides some homey and authentic Greek food and a Chicken Souvlaki that will leave your taste buds buzzing. Needless to say, I'll definitely be back!
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,9/30/2014,188,138,5,17,12>A taste of gorgeous green heaven in the midst of bustling, industrial Bay Area. The park is huge and there is much to see. We took the Bridle Trail to Chown to French and back around, and although this was just a tiny portion of the park, this hike took us about 2 hours. Tip: pay attention to the elevations on the map! We came here for the first time anticipating a pleasant stroll among the trees, but parts of it were more like Mt Midoriyama.This is a wonderful escape, and so close to home. It's nice to come to a place like this, breathe in the fresh air, and realize how small you are in relation to the world. Beautiful beautiful beautiful.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,9/29/2014,235,168,6,10,8>New favorite alert!It's the Tpumps of Castro Valley (same concept) but of course nothing compares to the original. But Cloud 9 gives them a run for their money. As you navigate your way to Cloud 9, you will pull up to what looks like a house. With a porch, comfy furniture, lots of tables, a deck and game room for guests to play Wii, you will feel as if you are just hanging out at home with your friends.The teas are made from the real thing (tea leaves) and the drinks are customizable. Like Tpumps, you choose from either Black or Green Tea and you have the option of adding milk or not. The sweetness level is customizable and like Tpumps, you can mix up to 2 flavors, which consists of the standard strawberry, mango, peach, pineapple, etc. The boba has a good chewy texture and the prices are so reasonable! $2.50 for a milk tea without flavoring, .50c per flavor if you choose to add. They are also known for their ice cream burger. Yeaaaah, you read that right. Your choice of ice cream with your choice of spread in between two pieces of bread. What's not to love?They also have shaved ice and other desserts. What I really dig though, is their game room. Like I said, they have a Wii, with games like Super Smash Bros. Brawl and Melee, Zelda, Super Mario Party and Just Dance for you to play for free. They even host Wii tournaments every now and then. Overall, a very cute hang out spot and well-run family business. Where do I sign up to be a regular?
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,9/28/2014,104,227,6,14,10>For $7.95, you can build your own personal 11" pizza with as many toppings as you want. That's a steal if I ever saw one.As you walk in, you can grab a menu from the start of the line or you can look up above the assembly line. You can choose from one of their signature pizzas or build your own. I opted for the White Top, which included white sauce, mozzarella, bacon, and arugula, and I added in mushrooms and tomatoes for some extra flavor. The pizzas are entirely customizable, so if you want one of their signature pizzas, but you don't want some of the ingredients that come on it, just let the workers know, and they'll happily sub in something else for it.The blood orange lemonade is a must-try. It can quickly become too sweet if you keep drinking it though, so I like to mix in some unsweetened iced tea to make a super tasty Arnold Palmer.Customer service is awesome here. The owner makes himself visible behind the counter and also comes out to greet guests. It's as if you're having pizza in his home, which is am amazing feeling as a customer. (My mom also says he looks like James Bond...)Can't finish your pizza? Help yourself to a take-out box that's stacked neatly next to the condiments and napkins!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2014,9/27/2014,304,168,12,8,10>As often as my wife and I come in here, one would expect that we have children, or perhaps that we are expecting, but neither is true.  However, we do enjoy stopping in here and looking around.  We have found several great gifts for my sister's sons, and also for our friend's kids.  The store carries a good selection of clothing from premature sizes to older children.  Right now they are fully stocked with costumes, some up to 70% off on the racks in front of their store. They also have games, shoes, and other home items. Nice cribs and strollers too.During our visit yesterday, my wife spotted a stroller for twins, and then commented how fun it would be to have twins. We immediately left the store before she could make any other suggestions about things that sounds like fun.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2014,9/26/2014,122,285,9,10,14>OMG Asha Tea House, can you PLEASE be stationed in my kitchen so I can drink your amazing tea every dang day!?!?Yeah, Asha is spectacular.  Thanks to my awesome Yelpee friends, I ordered the iced matcha latte with almond milk and lessened sweetness.  Was it good?  HELL YEAUH, it was quite possibly the best matcha latte I've ever had.  I don't really know why silly me never put together my two favorite drinks: matcha tea and almond milk!!  Lesson of the day?  Think outside the box. ;)Despite my matcha almond craze, I really think this place deserves greater than 5 stars. My friends ordered: iced raspberry oolong (which was so amazing I wanted to steal her drink), iced HK style milk tea, and hot oolong tea.  WOW.  Every drink was awesome that I might as well order two drinks every time I'm there!Some other cool things about Asha: on University Ave, so the ambiance is very studious, but it seemed like a good place to catch up with a childhood friend.  In addition, they do have stamp cards but UNLIKE any other place I've seen, you can actually keep your stamp card AT Asha!  Cool thing for people who lose their cards frequently! :)  Overall, remarkable tea house with legit tea.  YAY all the way!Pro-tip: They also pronounce your name right.  Don't know if it is luck or what, but thanks for that!
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2014,9/25/2014,535,179,7,16,10>I find myself coming here more and more. They have a Mon - Fri, all day happy hour menu. We're talking $3-$8 a dish here. Where else in Walnut Creek can you get deals on good food ALL DAY!!? This is affordability at it's finest! I absolutely LOVE chilling on their patio. When it's cold outside they have heat lamps and fire pits to warm you up. On a hot day, well, the sun sets on the other side of the restaurant so shade comes not too late in the evening. If you know you are going to have a large party, make sure to call ahead and reserve an firepit table. They are very accommodating.The bar area is very small and has a pungent smell. I come often for lunch and sit at the bar just to get out of there quicker. I often have to sit on side closest to the chefs to avoid that funky smell. if you're not in a hurry, I would just avoid sitting at the bar in general.Some days are better than others with the bartender. A word of advice, don't buy a mimosa, buy the small bottle of sparkling wine and ask for a side of OJ. Otherwise, it's a waste of money. The Szechwan basil chicken is scrumptious. I alternate between that and the spicy crispy chicken. Both dishes involve basil which I cannot refuse. My co-workers hate me when I order from here and bring it back to the office. I have them envious of my food.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2014,9/24/2014,732,444,7,17,15>This corner of Oakland is so hot it's hard to keep up: the Punchdown was replaced by 2212, which has now been replaced by Captain & Corset. The space is sleek & modern, a balance of classy & comfortable; apparently there will also soon be outdoor seating on the patio (!). C&C caters to a diverse crowd, from families of 5 to tattooed skateboarders to ladies sipping (lots of) wine at the bar (ahem!!). And to add to the class, a touch 'o fun - Christopher Walken movies projected onto the back wall. (Did anyone else forget that he was in Batman Returns...?)We liked it so much we stayed for dinner. We tried: the chicken paillard with caramelized onion gravy, french beans & fingerling potatoes; lemon honey asparagus with hazelnuts; & wild arugula salad with raisins, carrots, crispy quinoa & honey mustard vinaigrette. I was admittedly wary of this seemingly fancypants new menu, but the food was outstanding. Every single bite of it. The (organic, free range) chicken was perfectly cooked - tender & juicy, with a sauce that was salty & sweet & so good we licked the plate clean. I didn't think I could stomach anything more, but somehow we ended up with Curbside Creamery ice cream sandwiches - mint-chocolate-chunk ice cream between chocolate cookies, & cinnamon ice cream between snickerdoodles. Honey, these'll break your heart. If I could've fit another 8 in my belly, I would've. Best part: they come from the lady on the curbside (literally) who sells 'em from her Oakland ice cream cart.I'm not sure what the best part of C&C is. The staff rocks & service is top notch, the quality of the food is outstanding, the dishes are delicious & affordable, the wine selection is sophisticated without being snooty & well-paired with the food, & the ambiance is the perfect combo of casual, fun & classy. I'm not sure what more one could ask for. Welcome to Oaktown, Captain & Corset - we hope you're here for the long haul!!
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2014,9/23/2014,1131,179,13,21,18>Ahh long, crispy, and filled with meaty goodness. Just the way I like it. Cam Huong is easily the best place to get your Banh Mi (Vietnamese sandwich) fix in the Union City area or if you're nearby at all. Ranging from $2.75 to $3.25, Cam Huong packs enough stuff to make you quite full. The bread that they serve it on is just right. Not super hard nor is it too soft. It has a nice crunchy texture to it. I would have to say that my favorites here are #4 BBQ Pork and #6 Special Pork Combo. But I honestly think that I order #6 most often just because they give you a variety of their meat in it ;) Service here is pretty quick but be careful going in the early morning or at lunch time because it does get quite busy. Great thing about this sandwich place is that they open at 7am :)) Perfect for any early morning trip food!Try to ask for the pickled veggies and cilantro on the side just in case you are picky about how much you want in your sandwich. I honestly don't care cause I can eat anything. OH...CASH ONLY! :)
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,9/22/2014,303,540,9,16,13>Food truck mania is here to stay, in CA and all over!  And now hundreds of Walnut Creek office workers have reason to celebrate, as we have our own food truck party every single week day for lunch!  Anything that helps us escape from the monotony of the deli life is a welcome welcome sight.  I hit The Bend on a sunny Friday at lunch time and the party and feast was in full swing!  The Bend, so named for the bend in the road where it sits (as Le Virage, French for 'the bend' or 'the turn', did before it), is a home to 4 trucks at lunchtime.  This particular day the trucks were El Ranchero, Yummi BBQ, Yummy in My Tummy and Tutto Bene.  El Ranchero previously held a permanent spot by the nearby BART station and they seem to be making this their new permanent home.  Reasonably priced Mexican, though not mind-blowing taste wise.   The two Yums were Chinese BBQ style trucks, though both offered alternate options like corn dogs or tacos.  I opted that day for Yummy in my Tummy's #1 meal deal, a BBQ chicken skewer, two spring rolls and a cup of steamed white rice for $8.  Rounded out with an ice-cold bottled water for $2, it was a decent lunch for $10.  The food was tasty and cooked well, and was reminiscent to me of the caliber of Chinese food you get at carnivals and fairs - simple simple simple.  Those trucks and El Ranchero are more classic style food trucks, while Tutto Bene is a great representation of the future of the industry and the far more gourmet direction it's heading in.   About 8 flavors of gelato were offered that day, with 3 choices of cup sizes, and two flavors is always an option as with any good gelateria.  We were also offered samples quite generously!  I went with a small of their TCHO Chocolate and Strawberry Cheesecake for $4.50, which might sound steep but they pile the gelato on generously and was a VERY satisfying dessert after lunch on that hot day.  Fantastic, some of the best food truck fare I've had!  My only gripe, as is the case with all food truck markets I've been to, is that the background music (no matter live or canned) that plays totally adds to the fun atmosphere, but makes it very hard to hear and be heard by the truck workers.  Especially for shorties like me, they're like 10 feet above me!  I need to be able to hear them!  I'm very happy to welcome TheBend to the WC office cluster - hopefully with a little time the variety and quality of the food trucks will improve a little.  But so far, so very good!
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2014,9/21/2014,166,289,7,6,8>Such an excellent experience both times this year. I love the new back patio waiting area, its very homey and relaxing. First Street Ale House gives great service, prepares excellent eye pleasing, tummy filling scrumptious food! Very reasonable prices and as always the beer is served nice and cold! The kids fish dish was very fresh and actually it was quite big pieces. I would recommend you try out first Street Ale House. On a Saturday night it might be a little busy but please take your time out in the back patio have a beer, you won't be disappointed & you will fully enjoy your meal and company and the ambiance... it's a very loud fun place for a Saturday night dinner with your family.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,9/19/2014,200,260,10,19,17>I must've been dozing off when this whole cream on top of teas craze hit, but I'm wide awake now! And a huge fan, I might add. I'd had my eye on Gong Cha for a while, but unfortunately I don't go back to my old hometown that often, so I jumped on the chance to come here when I was visiting friends this past Saturday. Located near the entrance of a busy Asian plaza (I'm starting to see a pattern with milk tea places flocking to areas next to a Ranch 99..), the line was out the door in the early afternoon. There are maybe two or three cramped tables inside, but it's definitely more of a grab-and-go place. My favorite thing? White pearls! I was intrigued when I saw a sign up on the door stating that they now offered white pearls, which are supposedly higher in fiber but lower in carbs compared to the traditional black pearls. I'm not a health nut, but if there's a healthier option I'll usually take it, so I opted to try this new topping. The texture takes a little getting used to, since it's a little deviant from the traditional chewiness of black pearls. It's almost a little crunchy, somewhat like seaweed salad except sweet. I know that doesn't sound exactly appetizing, but I thought it was surprisingly good and light. There's none of that gooeyness that can plague traditional pearls either, which is always nice if you're getting a large tea and might be nursing it for a while. I tried a milk foam oolong this time. My friend decided to try the milk foam green tea, and since I didn't want to get the same thing, I opted for the oolong. My friend said the milk foam green tea was a little bland, and while I thought the oolong was a bit watered down, it still had good flavor. Per usual, I got it with less sugar and less ice, which I thought was perfect, especially after mixing the foam in (the foam itself is a little sweet). Apparently there are multiple ways you can drink a milk foam drink, which are explained on a cute little sticker stuck to each cup. I'm a sucker for little details like these, and I tried two of the three ways recommended. I didn't take the lid off to drink it like a latte, but I did try slurping up the foam on top first and then dipping down into the tea. It was good, but so was mixing everything together and chugging it like a regular milk tea.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2014,9/18/2014,185,670,2,13,10>Cool new venue that's part of the Linden Street Brewery complex (in addition to being an annex of the new Dock restaurant next door) but serves a variety of California craft brews in addition to Linden, such as Faction, HenHouse, Magnolia, and Drake's. The space has a rustic feel to it, with long wooden communal benches, plus layout and decor that accentuates the underlying brick warehouse building. The industrial aesthetic extends to the intimate patio, which can hold about 15 people and offers views of the neighboring Port of Oakland and rail yards. Service is friendly and approachable, and the casual, unhurried, accessible, and unpretentious vibe of the place is uniquely Oakland. A welcome addition to the greater Port / Jack London Square / West Oakland area.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,9/17/2014,662,352,7,20,12>Attention francophiles! Your favorite French decor boutique has moved from Broadway Plaza to Cypress Street in Downtown Walnut Creek.The friendly Marseille, France-born shop owner, is now happily situated right across from the new Jos. A. Banks store -- and is identifiable by the French flag proudly displayed above the doorway.C'est magnifique! The shop is painted in sunny South of France colors and chock full of goodies imported directly from Marseille and Aix-en-Provence. They even have some souvenirs from Paris mixed in : )The fragrant scent of fine French soaps along with the lilting sound sounds of French music greet you as you enter the shop.Along with imported soaps and lotions, they carry pillows embroidered with painting from Renoir and Matisse, beautiful country-style tablecloths, towels, figurines from Quimper, and so much more!You have to come in and discover this little shop yourself.Support local!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,9/16/2014,628,530,12,14,14>Hidden Oakland Gem! So much fun to sit out here with good friends on a beautiful day!  Have fun tasting all kinds of unique beers.  They have food and beers for everyone from the most simple palate to the most adventurous foodie.  My group had everything from the great pretzels and classic sausages, to a homemade blood sausage.  Everything was very tasty.  As for the beers, it's hard to remember what we had but I know we all loved what we got.  Our waiter was excellent at finding just the right beer for everyone.  He was also very generous by letting people taste beers until they found just the right one.Do I also love when a beer place uses the glasses provided by that specific beer company? Yes. Yes I do.I'm a huge fan of Brotzet Lokal!
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,9/15/2014,382,382,12,15,15>Dear Amazing Culinary Fairy,Thank you for sprinkling your magic fairy dust ALL OVER Revel Kitchen and Bar.  I visited the shiny new establishment in the heart of downtown Danville the other night for a birthday and man, was I floored!I had the Grilled Mary's Natural Chicken with Zoe's Bacon, Mushrooms, Pearl Onions and grilled asparagus.  It comes with mashed potatoes, but I asked for double vegetables and they were only too happy to oblige.  I also had one of those deviled eggs and mmmmmmmmmmmmm, those things are delicious!  Also please thank your colleague, the Wine Fairy, for having grüner veltliner on tap as it paired perfectly with my chicken (and is an economical choice for a lovely crisp wine).Service was great and we were lucky enough to begin the evening with a glass of free champagne when the staff was unable to seat us at our reservation time...such a classy move on behalf of the restaurant; this was a surprise, not necessary but so appreciated!  Seems your colleague, the Class Fairy, sprinkled her dust on staff but perhaps she might kick it up on some of the patrons....this place is a bit of a "scene", and I felt bad for the couple next to us that was happily eating their dinner when an extremely loud man wanting to join another table forced the woman to take her purse off the chair at her table to pull it over to the crowd of rowdy drinkers behind us.  Forget sprinkling "class dust" he needs a scoopful!At any rate, thank you for bringing another lovely restaurant with excellent cuisine and great service to downtown Danville.  I will be back.Sincerely,Robin L
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,9/14/2014,370,289,7,8,6>sad, happy, confused, excitedWhen my go to burrito place across the street closed, I was sad.When I heard they reopened, I was happy!When I pulled up to see that it was a different place, I was confused.When I saw what they had on their menu, I was EXCITED!Belly Uptown offers a more upscale selection than the restaurant before. A little higher in price but worth it in my opinion. I had their three tacos special for $9. The first one was Cali: House Marinated Steak, Fries, Guacamole, Pico de Gallo, Spicy Sour Cream, Cheddar Cheese. - It tasted like San Diego. I may get some hate from that, but the flavors were all there and although I'm not a SoCal native I have love for their fusions.The second one was the Belly: House Marinated Steak, Rice, Korean Slaw, Kimchi Aioli.- My guess was this was their signature dish so I had to try it. It didn't disappoint! It was like a korean bbq in a taco, what more can you ask for?The third one was Steak and Eggs: House Marinated Steak, Fries, Fried Egg, Chipotle Aioli, Garlic Aioli- This by far was my favorite. I can see myself coming for brunch and just ordering a bunch of these. Now if only they offered mimosas with their Homemade Nectars... (you heard from here first)I'm excited to go back and other things on the menu. Happy I work close by.Until next time.Cheers.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,9/13/2014,76,363,4,6,8>Livermore, you might just be my new favorite place for great food. Three out of three places tried, and so far everything is amazing. We had dinner at Uncle Yu's around seven o'clock. The place is beautiful inside. Gorgeous sculptures and artwork, plus a wine wall that literally covered the back wall. The one upsetting part, was that we were seated at a table, right next to a pillar. I had to squeeze myself between the pillar and the table to get to the booth. That aside, the service was amazing. Belle our waitress was awesome. She even came over and offered me spicy oil sauce for my food. It's like she read my mind. The bus boy's came out promptly after we finished with our food. Picked every thing up with ease, and just sailed off, like it's nothing. I used to be a server and I couldn't make clearing dishes look that easy. The food is phenomenal. We started with pot stickers (a must, whenever we go out for Chinese) and crab meat cheese puffs. I love pot stickers. I love their pot stickers. Crisp on the outside, fluffy on the inside. The filling is just to die for, but this time the pot stickers were beat by those crab cheese puffs. Oh My God these are the best thing I've had all night. Crispy pastry filled with the perfect, and I mean PERFECT mixture of crab and cheese. I know you're thinking (If you've never had them before) that cheese and crab is kind of a weird combo. Not when it's cream cheese. You bite into it, and you get the grab flavor, with the creaminess of the cheese. Orgasmic. Our entrees included steamed rice, Mongolian beef and Kung Pao chicken. Everything but the rice was spicy, our mistake, but a delicious mistake. The beef was good. Had a lot of good flavor that was taken to another level with the spiciness of the dish. The Kung Pao chicken was my favorite of the two. Kung Pao chicken is just always so amazing. Even the smallest things such as the peanuts, add so much to the dish. So besides our little problem with the pillar, this place was amazing. I swear to you, Livermore does not disappoint on delicious places to eat.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,9/12/2014,126,1452,12,19,13>Lets bring some history back to you all today.  Yes, they are located at an old train depot. Yes, you can sit in an old train car and dine if you desire.  And yes, this was the first place that I went to dinner the day I turned 21.  Yelp's Cocktail Girl was born at Vic Stewart's all those years ago.They have a five star cocktail menu for sure.  It changes with the seasons.  They really know their booze and combinations and I've loved every cocktail I've had here.Recently we came in for our wedding anniversary.  For cocktail starters we had the Canton Ginger Cosmo. It has Grey Goose, Canton Ginger Liqueur, fresh lime & cranberry juice.  So refreshing and not to sweet not to bitter.Their Caesar Salad  was perfectly executed.  One of my favorites anywhere.  The Coconut Prawns were a little burned for our tastes and we should have passed but we couldn't resist.  But he Buckley Bay Oysters were fantastic.  My husband had the Filet Mignon.  He wasn't that impressed and he even said that Flemming's is better.  Sorry, I disagree.  This was like Meat Silk, so delicious and smooth.  I had a bite it was great and Ill order it next time we come in on date night.  He also hated his scalloped potatoes.  I didn't try so Ill take his word for it.Lets talk about Lamb Shank Baby!  Yes baby sheep isn't worth being silent about.  The meat was juicy and succulent.  I've cooked this at home and could only dream of achieving the flaky, succulence of this meat.  The presentation was quite fun as well.  However, the mashed potatoes that came with mine were very bland.  Even with the drippings from the Lamb Shank it didn't save it.Our final dessert cocktail was the Grasshopper cocktail. It was so smooth and good except that the color was a grotesque neon green.  We had two of these.  I do really love a minty cocktail.Service was fantastical!  Slow at moment but when serving us it was great.  We also brought our baby in with us and it was very baby friendly.  I would probably find a sitter for the toddler like we did but when making a reservation let the host know that you're bringing a little baby with you.  Little babies and maybe the 6 year old and older kid crowd are good dinner companions to bring.  The toddler crowd, I wouldn't dare.I loved it here and need to come back more often.  Why haven't we?  I've honestly never had a bad experience here.  You'll be seeing me here for my birthday coming up for sure.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,9/11/2014,158,177,7,13,13>BOBO Drinks is a vividly decorated, spacious boba shop in the heart of Downtown Berkeley.  Their selection of drinks AND snacks is quite extensive, which makes the store name quite misleading!  I have had three drinks here, and recently, the BOBO sticky rice with roti chicken entree.  Much to my delight, the entree was quite large and only costed $7.95.  My plate had a scoop of mung bean sticky rice, three large pieces of falling-off-the bone chicken, a small salad, and a dish of sauce for the chicken (I think the sauce contained the drippings from cooking the chicken).  It was quite delicious, a bit too oily, very filling, but served at a completely affordable price!  The drinks I have tried include the BOBO special drink, durian milkshake, and the jasmine milk tea (free with Yelp check-in if you purchase something else! EDIT: No longer the Yelp check-in offer.  Now it's buy a food item and get a black or green tea free) My favorite is the jasmine milk tea.  Based on the three drinks I've tried, I have surmised that BOBO likes to make very rich and creamy drinks.  Their BOBO special drink was way too sweet for my liking with the milk tea, boba, ice cream, and whipped cream on top.  The durian milkshake was also too sweet for me, but I'm not sure if it's just because I am not a huge fan of durian.  My favorite is the jasmine milk tea, even if it is a little richer and creamier than other boba shops.  Compared to the other drinks I've tried, it's just right. :) If you're craving a more milky boba, you'll like BOBO, but if you prefer a more tea-infused boba, skip over to Asha down University.  It's really only a couple blocks from BOBO!When dining in, BOBO serves their drinks from mason jars affixed with BOBO's logo.  When taking drinks to go, you'll get the American style two-piece cups instead of the thin plastic sheet covers from more traditional boba shops.I give BOBO four stars for providing a large, welcoming space for conversing with friends, great service, and more substantial food to eat with your boba.  I'm fairly certain that no other boba shop has as much seating and as varied a menu as BOBO.  However, keep in mind that the quality of the food and drink is not the best when comparing to other boba shops, but the space within which you can enjoy your food is the best.Don't forget to check in on Yelp for your free black/green tea with purchase of a food item!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,9/10/2014,159,118,11,15,9>The East Bay takes its breakfast seriously - walk past any brunch-offering institution on the weekends and you'll understand. Bette's has the advantage of being located on Fourth St, so there are plenty of diversions for your wait, but just make sure you set a timer and check back in because the staff won't go looking for you!Outside or inside seating? Inside, you'll get the full diner experience, complete with a massive pie slice sculpture hanging over your head. Outside, you'll find a more intimate experience with plenty of people-watching, but you'll also be the target of many a people-watcher, particularly those waiting to be seated. Bette's also thoughtfully provides large, forest green blankets for every patio seat!It took about a 20-minute wait for a party of two to be seated, but almost right away a waiter was ready for our order. We, unfortunately, were not. After some deliberation, we settled for one of the specials (Multigrain Walnut Waffle) and the Chocolate Swirl Souffle Pancake. We were concerned about the size of the Souffle Pancake, but peeking over at a table a few feet away, it turned out to be slightly smaller than a dinner plate, but with much more depth. They served both dishes at the same time, after about 20 minutes. - The waffle plate came with two sausages and two eggs cooked to order - much more personalized than I was ready for. I was offered the options of scrambled, hard-boiled, soft-boiled, or poached. I chose soft-boiled and was again offered options of how long I wanted them boiled, from 1-7 minutes. It turns out 4 minutes is pretty much a delicate egg white with a slightly viscous yolk served in cute egg holders, and a spoon is required to eat it. The waffle itself was a large, flat waffle with a bronze-y hue, complete with banana and strawberry slices on top. Just the right amount of crisp, with crunchy walnut pieces baked right into the batter. I'm not a huge fan of maple syrup, but a dollop here and there definitely added to the dish. - The Chocolate Swirl Souffle Pancake was absolutely freaking delicious. I was worried it would be too sweet or too dense, but the souffle puff refuses to be dominated and the batter was just the right balance. - Libations? They've got them. Mimosa was heavy on the champagne, but hey, who's complaining?
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,9/9/2014,120,51,9,12,13>I really cannot extol the virtues of this cute little place sufficiently! First of all, the cooks, workers, and owner are all very pleasant and nice. Today I saw the owner/head chef making a cute little boy feel really proud about making his first purchase and counting out his money successfully. It was adorable, and indicative of the kinds of things I witness here all of the time, and the general tenor of the place.I continue to get soups here regularly, and I've never once been disappointed! One of my best friends swears by the Niçoise salad, and though I always want to order a salad or sandwich, I'm just so obsessed with the soups!! I've also now had the occasion to try the tarte du jour multiple times, which is always a vegetarian tarte inspires by seasonal veggies. It has always been delicious--they pick the freshest vegetables and the crust is light and flaky! I'd order it more regularly if I didn't feel compelled to eat the entire thing (2-3 people could easily share one) all by myself--it's that good!They also have nice beverages. In addition to standard French drinks, they have some unique natural sodas that are delicious: hibiscus, clove, ginger, etc. In short, Le Petit Cochon is a wonderful place and a wonderful addition to the neighborhood! I'm being totally hyperbolic but there's no other way to explain it! It does truly make me miss southern France so much though, boo!!!
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2014,9/8/2014,309,479,7,11,12>Oakland Chinatown is located in downtown Oakland with its center at 8th Street and Webster Street. It stretches from 12th Street on its northern edge to 6th Street on its southern edge, Broadway Street on the western edge and Lake Merritt southern tip in the east.With the growing Asian population in the Bay Area, Oakland's Chinatown has steadily grown during the last 30 years to serve as a destination for East Bay residents as an alternative to the Chinatown across the Bay.   However, it is not tourist-oriented as San Francisco's Chinatown, rather it's a Chinatown where people come to do their grocery shopping and to dine in one of the many restaurants.  One of the newer complexes here is the Pacific Renaissance Plaza, a residential and commercial complex.  It features a multi-level public underground parking facility and features shops and restaurant including the Asian Branch of the Oakland Public Library and the Oakland Asian Cultural Center.If you looking for a touristy Chinatown, head across the Bay, as Oakland Chinatown will serve you well for your grocery shopping and dining needs.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,9/7/2014,654,850,10,13,12>Unbeknownst to most, there is a cabal of East Bay Yelp Elites who are addicted to trivia & are willing to travel sort of long distances to get their fix. Not to say that I'm, in any way, affiliated with this group, but I did travel a sort of long distance just to do pub trivia night at Buddy's Bites & Brews.Again, while admitting nothing, I will say that I did meet up with some other East Bay Elites who were also there for pub trivia night. Situated on a busy corner, the building wasn't much to look at from the outside. But inside was reasonably nice & we scored seating at a bar table shaped like a surfboard.Along with trivia, true to the name of the establishment, Buddy's also had bites & brews. Having partaken of all 3 on this occasion, I would rank them as: trivia being 1st, brews were a close 2nd & bites were a just OK 3rd. For sure, for me, the pub trivia night was the star at Buddy's.I've done trivia night at a few different places now (again, not admitting anything in the way of being 1 of a number of clandestine trivia junkies) &, in terms of organization & difficulty of questions, pub trivia night at Buddy's may have been the best of the bunch. Our team did well. & while we were not victorious, it was still a lot of fun.Brews at Buddy's were excellent. The tap selections here were good enough to please any avid beer nerd. The only thing not-so-excellent at Buddy's were the bites. I ordered the Unda Da' Sea-viche, basically a ceviche, & it was average for NorCal. Which translates to poor compared to a good San Diego or Tijuana ceviche.But, because trivia was what brought me here, & pub trivia night was the star, I am now a fan of Buddy's Bites & Brews. & who knows, maybe that band of roving covert trivia fiends, that I'm not saying I'm a part of, will return sometime to claim their rightful victory. Who knows...
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,9/6/2014,151,178,19,22,21>Cozy and comforting decor, friendly service, and delightful company made for a great introduction to Doukkala, whose menu boasts an intriguing California slant on Moroccan cuisine. Two food items that are reason enough to visit:- the escargots. Drenched in butter, garlic and green herbs ... were absolutely succulent. If you've never had snails, this is a great dish to de-flower yourself with. If you're a fan, these might top your 'best of' list. An extra sales point, they come in two sizes, with a half order of three for only $4.50 ... which might embolden the curious spendthrift.- the scallops. Dear dear, this is how they should always be cooked. Tender, moist, perfectly flavored.  Floating on a bed of Jerusalem artichoke puree. And, as with the snails, a dish that's offered in two sizes, of two and four. The rest of the food was notable, from the refreshing intro of a trio of salads to the dessert of a chocolate fondant with a whisper of cardamom.  The shared main dish of maple duck tangine showcased the idea of California's take on Moroccan; as the veggies' textures were crisper, the tastes were fresher than traditional tangine.  The only disappointment was the side bread offered -- probably outside my cultural experiences to adequately comment on, but I found the discus-shaped loaves  a bit hard and dry to really enjoy. A very respectable wine list (another facet of their California influence) rounded out a great time and enjoyable meal.  I'd enjoy another dinner of Doukkala, though impatience may warrant a drop-in just for an order of snails and a glass of wine before that.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,9/6/2014,151,178,19,22,21>Cozy and comforting decor, friendly service, and delightful company made for a great introduction to Doukkala, whose menu boasts an intriguing California slant on Moroccan cuisine. Two food items that are reason enough to visit:- the escargots. Drenched in butter, garlic and green herbs ... were absolutely succulent. If you've never had snails, this is a great dish to de-flower yourself with. If you're a fan, these might top your 'best of' list. An extra sales point, they come in two sizes, with a half order of three for only $4.50 ... which might embolden the curious spendthrift.- the scallops. Dear dear, this is how they should always be cooked. Tender, moist, perfectly flavored.  Floating on a bed of Jerusalem artichoke puree. And, as with the snails, a dish that's offered in two sizes, of two and four. The rest of the food was notable, from the refreshing intro of a trio of salads to the dessert of a chocolate fondant with a whisper of cardamom.  The shared main dish of maple duck tangine showcased the idea of California's take on Moroccan; as the veggies' textures were crisper, the tastes were fresher than traditional tangine.  The only disappointment was the side bread offered -- probably outside my cultural experiences to adequately comment on, but I found the discus-shaped loaves  a bit hard and dry to really enjoy. A very respectable wine list (another facet of their California influence) rounded out a great time and enjoyable meal.  I'd enjoy another dinner of Doukkala, though impatience may warrant a drop-in just for an order of snails and a glass of wine before that.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,9/5/2014,313,779,4,8,11>A pretty solid ramen spot located in the old Mortar & Pestle (RIP).Based on the reviews, I tried the Black Garlic ramen (delicious - two slices of roasted pork, lots of greens, a soft boiled egg and seaweed), the Takoyaki (octopus balls - loved these, you get about six, topped with brown sauce, Japanese mayo and bonito fish flakes - much like the version I ate and loved in Nara, Japan several years ago) and the Grilled Rice ball (not a fan, slightly charred). I saw that they have an Izakaya menu - if you don't know what those are, it's essentially bar/pub food done Japanese style, and I'm a fan. I would like to bring the husband here for happy hour sometime! Nice to have this five minutes from home. Hope it stays around!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,9/4/2014,363,125,5,7,11>This has become my new favorite sports pub! I came here with a few buddies to watch Game 1 of the 2014 NBA Playoffs to support my Golden State Warriors. I honestly didn't expect to have this much fun watching a game on TV! The atmosphere is fantastic if you like places that are loud, full of beer, and with people wanting to have fun. There's also a private parking lot so it's not much of an issue. I can say that this the probably best place to watch any bay area sports! First of all, there's 21 flat-screens plus 2 big projectors. There is no place in this pub where you'll miss the game. Also, this place is pretty big for a sports pub with plenty of chairs and tables. However, if it's a really big game, I suggest coming early as this place can fill up fast! They don't take reservations and it's first come first serve. There's a large variety of beers to choose from. From dark brews to pale ales, they'll probably have something for you to like. A pint is about $5-$6 and a pitcher is about $18.00. In my opinion, the pitcher was not big and a bit pricey. The pitcher served about 2 full glasses among 3 people. Minor complaint but I wish it was bigger.The food is also very delicious. I had the Kobe Sliders which was flavorful and had enough taste with each bite. It was categorized as an appetizer but to me it felt like an entree. I also ordered and was very surprised by the Mudpie because it was huge! I thought it wasn't too overly sweet either and it definitely filled me up. The food here is not bad for a sports pub.I had an awesome experience here and will probably come again. If you like watching sports with other people, you should definitely come here. It's loud, fun, and you get to root for your team with other fans! If you can't actually make it to the arena on gameday, give this place a shot. It's the closest thing to attending a sporting event without actually being there!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2014,9/3/2014,340,339,7,16,14>Being a new ramen fan, my hunt for great ramen is now a legit mission. Having looked up through Yelp ramen joints near me, Sobo Ramen became my destination one ramen-craving evening. We got here fairly early (at around 6 PM) for dinner, so there were only a couple of other tables occupied. The servers were friendly and prompt. We ordered the Spicy Black Tonkatsu with Pork Belly and Chicken in Miso Broth. This was the daughter's first foray into the world of real ramen and she was most pleased with her bowl of ramen. I had a sip of her broth and it was indeed rather tasty. For my part, I enjoyed the spicy, rich broth of mine. The pork was tender and the noodles were just perfect.We will return for more ramen.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,9/2/2014,21,206,12,12,9>So I go to the Buddhist Temple across the street and yesterday, one of the members brought a bag of their basket fries and told us all that she wants to be buried with this when she dies. So naturally, I had to try them for myself and oh my Buddha, these fries are so close to enlightenment. I had to come back today to buy a whole bag for myself. Why do you ask? Because of what they call curry ketchup and chipotle mayo. Those are the most dangerous condiments because I might not be able to control myself around them. I couldn't even grasp how they had it out in the open for all to squirt out into a to-go container. I might have taken the whole thing. Anyways, if you need fries, come here. Trust that I will be back. Will do my best to not just order fries next time.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,9/1/2014,41,226,14,7,6>Lottie's...Lottie's...Lottie's....you evil temptress, you.I saw you online and decided you weren't good for me, with all your wholesome ingredients which were sure to make my clothes no longer fit. I knew if I was pulled under your spell it would be a downward spiral. But, I couldn't resist. Our first meeting you teased my tastebuds with your vanilla salted toffee almond. Our next rendezvous we met at the Concord Farmer's Market, where you enticed me to try one of your brownie ice cream sanwiches with cream fraische ice cream sandwiched in between some of the most delicious brownies I've ever tasted. Even my husband joined in on the fun.I feel like I've met the love of my life. You haunt my dreams. I love you.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,8/31/2014,206,268,9,9,10>When I met Jason at the meet and greet, I really noticed that he was gentle with my puppy Riley in the way he interacted with her.  He has a calm and sweet way with animals that made me feel comfortable boarding her with him while I had some house remodeling done.  Riley has a lot of energy and needs someone to watch her to make sure she doesn't get into trouble since she's still young and Jason did a great job.  I was really impressed about how Jason handled Riley when she tried to eat a bee on their walk and he thought she got stung.  He rushed her to the vet hospital but sat with her for almost an hour to make sure she wasn't having any swelling or allergic reactions and when she seemed fine, he took her back to his place and emailed me to tell me all the details.  I asked him to check her mouth for any sign of a stinger and he did a thorough check and was able to locate the stinger and pull it out.  He kept in great communication with me through everything and kept my mind at ease.  When I leave Riley with Jason, I know she's in good hands.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,8/30/2014,212,150,1,9,5>If you live in or near Oakland, you know that Filipino food is hard to come by. Thank goodness for this place!!! Located in East Oakland, smack in the middle of 580 and 880 you probably would never pass this place unless you were headed here. Luckily I found out about this restaurant through a yelp event they were at.  After trying several samples of their Bistek fried rice, I knew I had to try a whole meal here!They serve comfort food and have a decent selection of dishes to choose from. You order at the counter and they bring you the food when it's ready.  We got two dishes: The Bistek fried rice and the Special Garlic Noodles. Both dishes were top notch!!! I have never tasted such flavorful fried rice and Bistek. The Garlic noodles were also delicious as it had piece of Crispy Adobo pieces mixed with Garlic noodles. Did I mention the portions are quite generous. We got the food in two large bowls (more than we expected) and could easily be packed for leftovers!  As far as other dishes, they also serve breakfast (-ilog dishes). I will have to try that next time. Prices is definitely quite affordable. For the taste and the portions of food you are getting, it's definitely worth the visit!!!!!From a seating standpoint, I would probably not recommend taking too many people here for dine-in at one time as  there's probably seating good for about 10 people max inside and  (plus a couple tables outside). An alternative option is that they deliver to a limited area but that's always a plus to get Filipino delivery. Note: They are on the Eat24 App from what I recall .They also catered my friend's wedding so definitely something to consider for future events when I need delicious food! I will definitely be a regular coming to this place as I'm already hooked!
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,8/29/2014,155,167,7,10,9>This place has made me a brunch-iever, and that, fellow Yelpers, was no small task.True to my INTJ-ness, I really value things like structure, order, and decisiveness.  Brunch?  Br-unch?  That nebulous portmanteau, that slippery little linguistic blend of "breakfast" and "lunch" has never inspired much confidence in me.  But I've got friends and family who love to blur the meal lines (#askThicke), and that's how I found myself making a reservation last Friday night for a table for 6 at 11 am on Sunday.  The reservation, made through the Yelp app, did not count for any OpenTable Dining Points, boo!, but I appreciated the confirmation email that came right after, and then the reminder email and phone call from a hostess at Lake Chalet on Saturday.  Very thorough!The church my family and I attend, Regeneration, is just on the other side of Lake Merritt, so Lake Chalet was really the ideal restaurant choice for a Sunday brunch.  We were running a bit late since the morning service ends at 11, so we drove over and totally lucked out with a parking spot right in front.  Actually, we didn't luck out.  God totally put a hedge of angels around that space as a reward for going to church that morning.  Just kidding.  Oh my gosh am I kidding; I am no prosperity gospel-er.  In any event, I know my Heavenly Pops has a sense of humor, so it's all good!When we arrived, we had our choice of indoor or outdoor seating.  It was a warm day, but kind of breezy, so we opted to sit inside.  They gave us a table right next to the window so we had a sweeping view of the lake.  I don't know if this place plans on remodeling anytime soon, but if they do, I hope they swap out the windows for ones with no grids so that the view is not obstructed... and I can take a proper panorama shot of the lake with my phone.  Priorities!Our server, Avery, was such an amiable, easygoing, but still very attentive person.  Loved him!Here's what we got:Mimosa - $8Strawberry Guava Lemonade - $5.25Cranberry Juice - $2.25Coffee - $3Beignets (5 per order) - $8Sorbet (Flavor of the Day - Coconut) - $6Bread Pudding - $9Lemon Pudding Cake - $9Dungeness Crab Cakes - $16Fried Calamari - $13House Salad - $11LG Scallops - $28Meyer Lemon Ricotta Pancakes - $13Lake Merritt Breakfast - $15I'm only going to comment, of course, on the things I ordered/tried:There's definitely more strawberry than guava in their lemonade, but it was a very sizeable, refreshing drink nonetheless.  My aunt asked for 2 orders of beignets to start, and then another two afterward, and we didn't take any home with us.  Crispy outside, doughy inside, light dusting of powdered sugar on top.  It's served with two sauces, raspberry and dark chocolate, and neither of them are too sweet.I am IN LOVE with their Meyer Lemon Ricotta Pancakes.  I grew up really wary of pancakes since I had only ever eaten them from some Bisquik, Hungry Jack, etc. box mix concoctions... but these are delicious!  There's just the slightest touch of lemon, and the pancakes themselves were golden and fluffy.  It's served with two slices of bacon, some syrup, and a handful of raspberries and blackberries.  You don't even need the syrup.  Would definitely order these again!I guess they rotate their ice cream and sorbet flavors, so our options last Sunday were vanilla ice cream and coconut sorbet.  You get three tiny scoops of sorbet served in a ramekin, and I'd say the coconut was pretty good.  I know you can get a pint of Ben and Jerry's for $2.50 on sale at Safeway, or some Talenti gelato for $3.99, but getting to complete the dining experience here with family made this little splurge worth it.My Dad has been away for a while and this was his first visit back to the Bay.  It was so great to spend time together as a family again, and our experience at Lake Chalet really could not have been any better.  Highly recommended!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2014,8/28/2014,118,211,8,13,12>Halo Halo Bar & Boba Station already won me over when they said, "Large tapioca is already added to the drink." SAY WHAAAAT?!?! Those are golden words to hear if you're a boba bum like I am. Nothing beats not paying a stinkin' penny for those chewy tapioca balls!Halo Halo Bar & Boba Station has an innovative boba menu. Although they offer your typical snow flavors like Mango, Thai Tea, Taro, Strawberry, etc. they took mixing up drinks to a whole new level. Ever heard of the Purple Oreo? If Taro and Oreos banged each other, out would come the Purple Oreo. The taro mixed with oreos remind me of your typical cookies and cream shake with a hint of Asian flavor. Plus, let's face it, the large tapioca is perfectly cooked! The only reason why I gave this place four stars instead of five is because I wish they have the option of substituting their drinks with soy milk. Also, if you want boba on the get-go you might find their service a little slow.However, Halo Halo Bar & Boba Station is arguably the best non-franchise boba place to get your boba on in the Solano County. Very reasonable prices plus there's munchies to snack on!
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,8/27/2014,1310,187,27,19,19>When you have a friend who is willing to drive up from San Jose during peak traffic hours, we're talking 6pm on a Wednesday - JUST to get some Homeroom Mac n Cheese... c'mon.How could I have not stopped by Homeroom EVER? I lived in Oakland my whole life, I am ashamed at myself.I showed up and I  already knew I've been missing out because the wait was 40 minutes and the whole corner of the block was covered with people waiting. I felt like I was waiting for a roller coaster ride at six flags, except not in a line. The waiting style here is the classic first come first serve name on the list type of sign up wait. Forgive me for not knowing/coming to Homeroom earlier. I'll make it up by going again right after I write this review.Seating on the inside, seating on the outside.Don't worry about the cold, they got heaters outside! It's very family feel around Homeroom, definitely feel the local love and seeing a 40 minute wait of people just feels right for a place like this.We didn't mind the wait, esp cause we knew we were getting the monthly Mac - THE PESTO MAC N CHEESE. I added chicken and bread crumbs to mine and it topped off to about 13 bucks. The majority of the Macs are about $9-$11 before Add-Ons.Add-Ons range from .50 cents to $2.We're talking chicken, mushrooms, scallops, onions add-ons.. the list goes on.The food takes 15 minutes to come out - not bad for a place jam packed. The staff is super nice - OH, and there is a "fly-thru lane" for those who want to order on their app (yes they made their own friggin app) and just drive your car to the curb outside and pick up the food. Yes, they will walk the food out to you. You don't have to get out of your car.I'll be back. Going right now.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,8/26/2014,193,936,4,11,7>What an amazing find. This small winery is located in the Rodeo Marina. It even has outdoor patio to enjoy a different view of the bay. They are opened from noon to 5pm on the weekends. The owners/pourers are friendly and even were able to answer a question about the bay.The wines are good.  I prefer red wines normally. However, their Harlequin Chardonnay is a winner.  This wine could make me a white wine drinker. I also liked the Zin and the Jester Petite Syrah. I am a fan of wine created with grapes from Lodi and they use mostly Lodi grapes.I am so pleased that that they chose Rodeo to locate their tasting room.  They are close, and the wines are good. Rodeo might see like a town the time as past by, hopefully 4 fools winery will put it back on the map.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,8/25/2014,3448,1617,6,13,14>I'm a fan of Mi Terra market and shop here often because it's one of the bigger stores in my area that sell a variety of Latin foods. They have a large selection of dried and fresh chile peppers, spices and vegetables - which is mostly what I buy. A larger variety than other stores, so when I don't want to run around I just come here. The torta rolls are made fresh daily and 4/$1.00. They have fresh cheeses, meats and a seafood department. You can buy delicious fresh mexican cheeses by the pound, I love the queso fresco and the cotija. You can get some good deals with better flavor (marinated meats) over shopping a larger grocery store. They also make fresh squeezed juices and sandwiches that look delicious. If you love to cook as much as I do, you'll find Mi Terra to be a great resource for those hard to find ingredients.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,8/24/2014,142,274,15,19,11>After 25 years of hating cats, I adopted a 10-year old cancer cat who sprung back to life on a kidney diet to the point that if she DOESN't wake me up meowing at 3 in the morning I think she died.  As a pragmatic consumer, I decided to shop around rather than throw my money away at the vet.As the name implies, Petvet Petfood is both a clinic (provides basic services at a discount on Fridays and Saturdays) and a good old fashioned store.  I'm not positive if the prices for my super expensive prescription diet are better than at the vet, but they're right on par and sure as hell cheaper than Amazon.  It may not look like it right away, but this place is big!  Aisles and aisles of food and some basics in the back.  I was worried about buying the food because the vet did not give me an actual physical written prescription, but the super helpful and very friendly gentleman said that as soon as I step through the door, I become their client, so as long as my vet recommended I buy it, they'll sell it to me.  It's just food, after all.  It's very reassuring knowing I have a place to buy her food without hassle and constricting vet office hours.  Whew.  Huge weight lifted off my shoulders.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,8/23/2014,246,234,16,21,18>LOVE!! LOVE!! LOVE this place. I usually don't speak highly of a "fast food" place, because to be honest why should I, since 75% of it is usually not healthy. When a place serves great food, reasonable price and it's not all bad (except for the fried part) than it's a win win!!This place is very simple. Step 1: Choice either chicken or falafel. Step 2: Choice either a Bowl or Pita and Step 3: Pick your condiments. How easy is that? We decided to try one of each with Falafel. The Pita came in a very unique box. You gotta order it. What a genius idea! I ordered the bowl which comes with a bed of mixed greens. I think the bowl gives you more bang for your buck, especially when you order a side of pita bread. The falafel was cooked perfectly and the size was great. No one wants small balls. Heck I know I don't! I want a mouth full, darn it!!FYI...Not everything on the menu is vegan and not all the condiments are complimentary. Some items (i.e. olives, roasted peppers and etc.) are not included in the price. Make sure to ask the employees first. That part doesn't make sense. If it's on the condiment sections it should just be included.The serves is excellent. The people are super friendly. I wish all places we ate were that friendly. There is no seating inside but plenty outside. They even have a little doggie station with water and a latch to hook the doggie leash. Pretty cool. Bathrooms are located in the back of the building and private parking all around. Great place to grab a meal before or after you watch a movie. Then again, you can be like me and smuggle that bad boy into the movie theatre...yup I'm one of those people!!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,8/22/2014,579,194,7,25,11>$40 for a 1 hour deep tissue massage. Head 2 Toe where have you been all my life?! This is not a promotion but a standard rate that you can get anytime you visit. If you pay with cash or debit they'll knock off a few bucks too. My friend has been raving about this spa for a while and it's a spa she frequents. After a long morning at the Sonoma Raceways we decided to get pampered.  I made an appointment for 2 and was able to get us a spot in an hour. When we arrived we were asked to complete a form that inquired if we wanted a male or female masseuse, the type of massage I wanted, and to circle all the areas I want the masseuse to target. THIS IS GENIUS! I get exactly what I want by specifying it on a piece of paper upon entry. After I completed my form and paid for my service, I was led to my room with a few minutes to get ready for my much needed massage.My masseuse's name was Helen. She did a VERY THOROUGH job on my body and pin pointed all my problem areas. I can tell she spent extra time on my shoulders and back which were parts I circled on my form. I was worried that she would focus on just the parts I circled but she worked through my entire body, literally head to toe. She does both sides of your body and the bonus is the amazing butt massage. You'll see when you visit :) The head massage was awesome too! Overall, the pressure of my massage was perfect I suggest you get this massage in the nude so nothing gets in the way of their magical healing hands. I felt completely relaxed and was in a daze when I walked out my room. I love it here and will be returning once a month with my friend.NOTE: The facility is clean and the staff was professional and polite. Be sure to tip on your way out. Ladies, your makeup will be messed up at the end of your massage. Wear little to no make-up or bring something for touch ups if you plan to stay out.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,8/21/2014,72,161,3,8,11>Babette's fantastic pastries, lunch salad trios, and slow pour coffee keep me coming back. The pastries sit on a grey slate behind some glass and tempt you while you're waiting in line to pay. Get one - the chocolate hazelnut cookie has chunks of real hazelnut, isn't too sweet, and is a refreshing change from Semifreddi's cookies (is it just me, or do they have a near-monopoly on baked goods near the southeast corner of campus?).  The make-up of the salad trios changes constantly. Over the past months, I've had salads with asparagus, crumbled egg, farro, orecchiete, quinoa (duh), wonderfully seasoned mixed greens, beets, apples... not all at once, of course! Babette can probably make a salad out of anything under the sun and in the garden. The only way my lunches could be more healthy and thoughtful is if my mother packed them.Beverages - top notch. You can't go wrong with Verve and Ritual. They also have a selection of bottled beers at a great price ($4-5), which means you can enjoy your brew on the sunny patio and have yourself the most peaceful happy hour ever.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,8/20/2014,233,268,4,13,6>Came here with a coworker for lunch and it was the best lunch break ever!  You walk in to this beautifully decorated modern restaurant and greeted by smiles and polite staff.We get seated in the outside patio because it was such a nice day. Always have to take advantage of the natural vitamin D.  We ordered the miso spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, pork tonkatsu., and mochi for dessert. The spicy tuna roll was very fresh. The avocado in the shrimp tempura was mouth watering and super creamy. The tonkatsu came with hot mustard sauce, other spices, and a bed of cabbage. Very refreshing and flawlessly crispy. The green tea and strawberry mochi were cut in halves and drizzled with caramel sauce. Not only was the quality of food top notch and flavorful, but the presentation of the food was very neatly executed. The price wasn't too bad. With splitting the bill, I only paid $17. Surprisingly, it wasn't too busy during lunch hour. You can find parking on the street. I can't wait to come back and try more.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,8/19/2014,163,180,4,10,10>I don't have a big sweet tooth, but Meadowlark has me craving their soft serve.Their soft serve cones are perfect on hot summer days.. actually I take that back. They're perfect on any day and any time of the year. They also have a good selection of flavors to choose from. I've tried their pineapple/vanilla swirl and their chocolate/vanilla swirl. Both satisfying without being overly sweet. You can't beat how cheap their soft serve is: $2/small, $2.25/medium and $2.25/large. The medium was the perfect size for me. Their most expensive item is the Diablo (slushie + ice cream) at $3.25 and their slushies are only $1.75. You can satisfy your cravings for just a few bucks. I found that the drive thru line and walk up line were both long on the Sunday afternoon that I went. I instead opted to park (parking was easy) and walk up to order. The line moved fairly fast despite how long it looked. I would rather enjoy my soft serve outside to avoid a sticky mess in the car. Although it is a bit of a drive for me, their cheap and yummy soft serve is well worth it.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,8/18/2014,50,126,6,4,4>This review is based on Thursday nights only.So a coworker drug me here-- and then I showed up and was like "$10 cash!!!? On a Thursday!!!!?!?? In Pleasanton!!!!!? WTF!!!" I was kinda pissed. And then.....Yeah-- I'm telling you, from one skeptic to another (from one 20 something to another for that matter), this place is THE place to be on a Thursday--- I don't care where you live in the great U S of A.The band reminded me of that awesome scene from the hangover where the dude sings out "big butts" in lounge style-- they had a live band for hip hop and it was amazing!! I think I said "I want them to play at my wedding" about 5 times-- and I'm not even engaged.  Cougars and 45+ something's getting their thing on, on the dance floor and pretty much every other inch of this place. Talk about trying to still hang on to your 20's--- thirty years later. It's great, I don't know if it's inspiring or just something to gawk at-- but you get it girls! I hope I'm as energetic as you when I'm your ageThe drinks/food/cover is steep for a week day in the tri-valley, but hey besides a strip club I don't think I'll get this much entertainment and alcohol before 10pm on a Thursday night. Worth it! Pro tip-- bring your 40/50 something mom who's still trying to be trendy, she'll love it and make friends :) P.S. Fish tacos-- $16 for 3....pricy but good drunken munchies as you make your way out when they do last call around 9:45pm
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,8/17/2014,341,458,8,16,11>This is not just another Italian joint in downtown Hayward.  Ristoranti di Palermo is Italian with Mediterranean flair.We were able to enjoy Palermo during its grand opening.  It's only been open for four days!  The space is nice and open, yet with a cozy feel to it.  There is patio seating out front, and I'm told that well mannered dogs are welcome.The owner and our server were gracious and enthusiastic.  My understanding is that the owners are of Turkish heritage, but have many years experience in the Italian restaurant business.  So Palermo is the best of both worlds.  The specials sounded fantastic, but we ordered off the regular menu.  We had the Mese Misto appetizer, a Mediterranean plate of delicious fresh pita bread with a wonderful hummus, stuffed grape leaves, red peppers and tzatziki.  I could have eaten that pita with the hummus and red peppers all day.  I ordered the Penne ala Vodka, with sundried tomatoes and sea scallops.  Very tasty.  Mr. M had the Involtino di Pollo, a chicken breast stuffed with mozzarella and prosciutto.  Also good.  We didn't have room to try dessert.  We need to plan better next time.While the beer and wine license is coming soon, take advantage of no corkage fee if you bring your own wine.  I don't know when the license will come, so call ahead to confirm.  Also, they have a breakfast menu that sounds delish.  Listen to this: "Benedict Palermo - English muffin with two poached eggs, crispy prosciutto, housemade Hollandaise sauce, topped with a pesto drizzzle."  Mmm.Enjoy!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,8/16/2014,419,343,6,10,10>Stopped by here on a stroll around the Richmond Farmer's Market. I first saw this potato when someone brought it as lunch to work one day. I never saw a baked potato so stuffed and he seemed like he was enjoying it.For $6 you can get a buttered potato with all the fixings. Mine included a generous amount of bacon bits, jalapeños, chives, cheese, and sour cream. Not to mention that the potato itself is freaking HUGE (as many a Yelper have said). If you were to look at the potato pic I posted you'd have to agree. Portion is pretty good for a meal in itself, satisfied my hunger even if I didn't eat breakfast before going to work. Tip: The $6 is for any and all toppings, so get your money's worth and get ALL the toppings please!For an additional $1 I got a Coke - good way to wash out a mouthwatering potato.Only thing missing is something to satisfy the sweet tooth - should be easy if you're at a farmer's market.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,8/15/2014,110,127,10,13,10>Where else can you buy a delicious sandwich with a drink and a snack for under $10 and still have enough money left to treat someone else? Its definitely not Subway! The Vietnamese sandwich or banh mi is served fast and is surprisingly inexpensive at Banh Mi Ba Le Deli. You'd be hard-pressed to find a better deal nearby.This particular location is supposedly related to an East Oakland business of the same name except this is in a safer area with a private parking lot. Its within walking distance of the El Cerrito Plaza BART station and a block down from Rialto Cinemas Cerrito.The banh mi is served on a very crunchy baguette and has the usual choice of meat with cilantro, pickled carrots, shredded daikon and sliced chili peppers. I've only tried the #9(BBQ chicken) and the #10(vegetarian) sandwiches so far and really liked them both. They also serve various traditional Vietnamese plates and pho as well as Vietnamese snack foods like dumplings, spring rolls and desserts. The service here is great in terms of speed and attentiveness but its not the friendliest either depending on who helps you. They've never been rude to me or other customers but I wouldn't say they are welcoming exactly. Its not a big deal for me though since I am well aware of how testing it can be to work with the public face to face constantly!I'm proud to say that this was one of my first introductions to Vietnamese food and to their popular banh mi sandwiches. However I would not come here to dine-in! Its just not set up that way. Its a small location with very few seating arrangements so you're encouraged to get something to go rather than sit down. Its also a cash only business so stop by the ATM if you're only carrying plastic! I suspect this is one of the reasons why they can afford to charge $2.75-$3.00 for a sandwich! For a quick bite to eat or a lunch break you really can't beat the price. And while Banh Mi Ba Le may not be on par with your favorite Vietnamese restaurant, its superior to any local deli nearby for its affordability and speedy service.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,8/14/2014,63,9,11,8,8>They try to make it all about the wine. That is, after all, what Va de Vi means. They hand you an exhaustive list of reds, whites, bubblies, and scurry off to grab you bread and butter while you ask yourself the eternal question: how drunk am I willing to get???? And yes, by all means, get a glass of wine, or a cocktail, or soda, get WHATEVER, as long as you don't let it distract you from the real star of the show: THE DESSERT SAMPLER. YEAH, YOU HEARD ME. They call it a "dessert tasting for two" but I think a more accurate term would be "dessert tasting for three: me, myself, and I" because the only thing I think after the first bite of the chocolate soufflé is "anyone who comes near this soufflé is going to get my ooey-gooey chocolate-covered fork shoved clean through their hand." The dessert sampler comes with four mini desserts, which ALWAYS includes their signature soufflé (which is soooooo chocolatey and decadent omg) as well as three others that change frequently (profiteroles, bread pudding, crème brûlée, etc), and they're generally all excellent. SERIOUSLY, GET THIS. "But I'm so full!" STOMACHS CAN STRETCH, Y'KNOW. "But it's kinda expensive..." TREAT YO'SELF. "Think of the calories!" LOL, OKAY. As far as the actual food goes, it's all pretty good, albeit a bit on the pricer side, but that's to be expected at a place that's literally five steps away from a Tiffany's. They do warn you right when you sit down that everything is a small plate and that sharing is caring (read: family style). Generally, two plates per person will be enough to fill you up. They used to serve seared dayboat scallops, which were AMAZING, but haven't had them in a while ): You also can't go wrong with the black cod or the lechon! (They tell you that the ahi tartare is their signature, but it's honestly just passable). One last thing: this place is just so goddamn adorable. Try to come when the weather is nice and sit in the little cobblestone-lined alleyway. If you squint real hard, you'll start to believe you're at a little café in Paris, munching on a croissant, sipping a citron-pressé before realizing that, oh, no, it's just Walnut Creek in all its banal suburban glory. Well, it was nice while it lasted. tl;dr: did your eyes really glaze over this review without seeing my caps-locked rant about the dessert sampler?
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,8/13/2014,313,58,15,14,17>Home of Charlie Chaplin. Well he did his first silent movies here. Great shops to buy antiques, collectibles, bars, they have added a few smaller specialty restaurants, sandwich places, ice cream parlor, jewelry stores, train that runs from Niles to Sunol and back. The last Sunday of August is the best and biggest flea market you can find! Seriously this whole township gets in on it. Also watch the local info for Charlie Chaplin days, car shows and more. Just come on down to Niles and enjoy the atmosphere. You will be happy you did.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,8/12/2014,182,323,8,10,11>This girl is on fiiiiiire! Or at least her mouth is...but in a so-good-it-hurts kind of way. I studied abroad in Shanghai for a semester so I could handle the heat. Just a quick disclaimer though--Sichuan heat is intense with a mouth numbing effect. What we ordered:CHEF'S SPECIAL FROG LEGS: frog legs stir fried with jalapenos and other spicy peppers. They were definitely a big portion of frog legs and the heat was evenly distributed throughout the dish. I wish they added a mild vegetable like bell peppers or onions so we could eat more of the vegetables.SICHUAN SPICY FRIED CHICKEN: one of my favorite dishes of the night...little bits of chicken are fried perfectly with peppers and just a little bit of the "ma-la" spice that makes your mouth tingle. Between the three dishes we ordered, this was the least spicy.FISH SUPREME IN SPICY BROTH: my absolute favorite dish of the night because it was the most SPICY and because it reminded me of my study abroad adventures. The broth is super intense so you better get your bowl of rice and extra glasses of water handy. I loved how the fish filet pieces, napa cabbage, bean sprouts, and other veggies seem to be marinating in this spicy mixture. The glass rice noodles were also a nice surprise hiding in the bowl. We didn't finish this and I brought the broth home to toss with noodles and rice (literally just finished the leftovers tonight). I am a pretty big fan of Lulu's now because it's hard to find good Sichuan cuisine in this area. You have your usual Americanized Chinese food or Cantonese/HK dishes and dimsum, but Lulu's adds a unique choice for people to try out a different aspect of Chinese cuisine. It's a little pricier but everything is family sized and you can have leftovers!If you're feeling adventurous, definitely come try out Lulu's.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2014,8/11/2014,194,145,7,9,7>Very solid meal, I'd happily recommend this spot...just make sure you make a reservation to avoid the wait.***HAND CHOPPED CALAMARI, wok fried, tossed with jalapeno, ginger, scallionsIs calamari ever really that good? My interest was piqued when this was the first item recommended by our server, who said if it wasn't good we could throw it at her. Deal. While I was really looking forward to practicing my pitch, I was even more ecstatic to find that this was the very best calamari I'd ever tasted. Anywhere. It was just so freaking soft & fresh (imagine, texturally pleasing squid!), perfectly breaded (not to excess), and the jalapeño & ginger gave it this pleasing kick & snap like no calamari before it. Well played, Marica. Accompanied by a pleasant little salad.***PRINCE EDWARD ISLAND MUSSELS, Pernod Shallot BrothAnd of course our server had to go and send out a complimentary dish of mussels--way to butter us up. Speaking of butter, these mussels were floating it the most delectable butter broth, strangely light with a hint of shallot. Perfect to sop up with bread. The mussels were the freshest of the fresh, just like they should be. Not a hint of fishiness as I have sadly come to expect.***SEAFOOD STEW, halibut, scallops, shrimp, simmered in lobster cognac sauce, served with gruyere cheese soufflé puffFantabulous. Not the least bit fishy, these generous chunks of halibut were bursting with flavor, the shrimp was beautifully fluffy, the scallops were perfectly melt-in-your-mouth (sinful I know, but many places screw this up).  It was the mushrooms, onion, garlic, & cherry tomatoes that put it over the top--all pleasantly robust and present. The broth was almost peanuty, but I don't mean that in a bad way--it was delightfully mild and sufficiently but not excessively buttery. The gruyere cheese soufflé puff was lovely & sweet, nice and light and perfect to soak in the broth.***MESQUITE GRILLED LOCH DUART SALMON, Pineapple ginger beurre blanc, organic mashed potatoes, spinach and fennel puree, grilled asparagusThere was nothing glaringly wrong with this dish, but I found it to be rather boring. The salmon was cooked properly, maybe a second or two too long as it wasn't as creamy and soft as it could have been. The pineapple didn't add much in my opinion, maybe detracted a bit. The spinach/fennel puree was lovely, the mashed potatoes were very standard, as was the asparagus. Certainly not bad, but a bit yawn-inducing.***MIXED BERRY BISCOTTI TRIFLE, Soft & crunchy biscotti, house made custard, topped off with whipped cream and seasonal fruitIt was pretty good I guess. Fresh raspberries on the top. The whipped cream tasted a bit spray-can. Biscotti wasn't crunchy, though I wouldn't have wanted it to be--flavor was mediocre. Custard a bit lackluster. Strawberries were marinated in syrup and soft. It's practically impossible to beat my homemade trifle, so I don't know why I even bother to try others when I know I'll be disappointed.ALL IN ALL:Posh little place, quality food, nice servers. Come here and you certainly won't be disappointed.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,8/10/2014,132,150,8,11,8>Street Fighter II Turbo, Mortal Kombat, Neo Geo, Contra, Double Dragon, Pac Man, and Tron... If these titles don't stir any kind of emotion in you, keeping moving. These are few of the classic games you'll find at High Scores and for a $5 admission fee, you can play any available game(s) for an entire hour without the hassle of going to a change machine. For $10, you gain admission for the entire day. Seriously, how can you go wrong??I actually appreciate the fact that there aren't any recent (within the last 20 years) titles present bc that not only keeps the price low, but more importantly, it keeps most of the young, untamed rascals out too (yes, I said 'rascal').I only wished there was a vending machine or some snack bar. But on the other hand, would you allow food and drink into a cultural history sanctuary?
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2014,8/9/2014,612,401,11,14,10>4.5 stars for their Hennessy Red (Red Velvet cupcake soaked in Hennessy) and S'more cupcakes. Judging from how good these two cupcakes were, my friend and I are definitely going back again to try more of their cupcakes. The Hennessy Red I got last Saturday was the BEST red velvet cupcake I have tasted so far from any cupcakery that I have checked out so far. It has everything I expected from a perfectly executed red velvet cupcake: super moist, velvety texture (tender but not crumbly), perfect flavor (chocolaty and not too sweet) and bright red color, but with more: the cognac infused flavor. It was distinct in the mid to top section of the cupcake. My friend and I each took a bite from the side of the cupcake that contained both the frosting and the cupcake without the cognac. We were both "oohh & aahh"'ing at that point already by how moist and tender and delicious our first bites were. Then as we took more bites we were pleasantly surprised by the kick from the cognac, which really worked to enhance the flavor. My friend's S'more Cupcake was a winner too. It has a thin layer of graham cracker at the bottom and then (moist) and flavorful chocolate cupcake filled with sweet, creamy marshmallow, as well as delicious frosting that contained chocolate fudge, a graham cracker piece, marshmallows and chocolate ganache. By looking at this long list of items in a cupcake you might think there is too much going on. On the contrary, all of these items did "gel" well and the result was one super yummy, orgasmic cupcake. I mean I have never seen a guy who moaned so much over a cupcake at the lunch table. We tasted these cupcakes after lunch at a Chinese restaurant. We were both full and were just going to try a bite at each cupcake. Before we knew it we chewed down all of them. The restaurant staff was gracious enough letting us sit there eating our dessert from outside without charging us for "cupcake corkage". But that was quite eye opening for them and they inquired about this cupcake shop as well. Their standard sized cupcake is at $2.5 each (mini is $1.50 each); compared to other cupcakeries such as Sprinkles or Kara's Cupcakes that charged something like $3.25 each this is a way much better deal, especially considering that so far I have not liked any of the cupcakes from the above two chain cupcakeries as their cakes are too sugary and the texture was more dense and dry. Thanks to the Cupcake War on the Food Network I found this cute little local mother-daughter duo cupcake shop. I still remember I watched that episode last year. Even though they did not win that episode, they are winners in my book and I will definitely go back to try more flavors!Oh and they have different daily special; the Hennessy Red is a special they only make for Saturdays. They do have Red Velvet cupcakes as one of their regular menu item though in case you want to try it without the cognac.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,8/8/2014,42,127,13,12,12>Patxi's what have you done?! I thought I would never find a deep dish pizza I liked as much as Zachary's but now...I'm going to be driving out to Lafayette and stripping the ozone layer with my gas guzzler just to get Patxi's pizza. I can't pronounce it, I can't even spell it, but I can definitely eat it with a smile on my face.I got the chicago-style deep dish with mushrooms, onions and jalapenos. I ordered it online (are you reading this Zachary's?) and picked it up on my way home from work. After 20+ years of doing the re-dial dance trying to order from Zachary's over the phone, now I can order my delicious pizza online. I'm reserving a star just in case last night's pizza heaven was a fluke. I'll update as soon as I know.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,8/7/2014,291,487,6,13,12>We surprised our Mom with a limo trip to the Livermore valley this past weekend & our driver randomly picked Darcie Kent as one of our winery stops.  Turns out this was our favorite stop of the day!We walked in to a pleasantly uncrowded tasting room/gallery.  It's one big open room so you can sip your wine & stroll around admiring the artwork (all done by Darcie, who is a phenomenal artist).  Since it was such a gorgeous day, the staff encouraged us to sit on their patio & taste outside.  I was a little apprehensive since sitting outside usually = bad service, but that was not the case here.  Our server was warm, attentive & checked on us frequently without making us feel rushed.  He took the time to talk about the winery, the vineyards, and each wine in detail.  In fact, all of the staff we spoke with that day were friendly & not the least bit pretentious.  Now, to the wines.  The first sip of their chardonnay, I was in love.  I like buttery chards and this one had an amazingly creamy taste.  My next fave was the pinot noir...light, fruity, & spicy.  We also tried the Gruner Veltliner (like a sauvingnon blanc), the merlot, & the cab.  I can't say I was disappointed with any of them.We enjoyed their wines so much that my Dad joined the wine club & took home 3 bottles, and my sis & I both bought a few bottles for ourselves.  They even threw in a poster of one of Darcie's beautiful paintings as a birthday gift to my Mom.  Nice!I'll be sure to come back for some tastings with the Wine Club folks!Kid friendly too.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,8/6/2014,330,444,10,12,13>Big fan here.  Since EVERY review contains a statement about "credentials" for having an opinion; here are mine: Born on the East Coast, a Nana from Yonkers, a lot of Polish/German in me,  grew up with many a Jew in Westchester county. Mazel Tov. I hold this restaurant near and dear.  I love the high ceilings, the booth seating, black and white tile, and the certain Berkeley je ne sais quoi you can't find anywhere else. This place is fast becoming sentimental for me, but I'll start by saying there are times when it is disappointing.  I wouldn't come here with a large, demanding group, for example. Service can be spotty in that college town way.  I really love some of the standby staff and the old timers, but I bet the college students don't tip very well, and working in North Berkeley - with the public - can be HELL- so, props to Saul's for serving this community.  Thank You for having East Coast/Eastern European/Jewish/Delicatessen style food in the East Bay.  Such a creature of habit, you'll find me here on Thursday nights, when they have a Chicken Schnitzel special. When you get the some thing on the menu every time, you begin to detect the variety and quality that dish can present.  It's been sort of....Meh..on occasion, with the chicken being too dry, the parsley, egg and caper garnish scrimpy... you know, just not that great.  However, after taking a several month Saul's break, I returned to enjoy a plate I just LOVED and was reminded of why I always get the Thursday night special.  I really like that the veg side salad that's served with the dinner specials varies by season.  Good veg side on the dinner plates and good mashed potatoes. The latkes, I've had better.  I got hook up from my neighbor. She totally cooks those things up so deliciously!!   Anyway, in addition to their wine list, which is well selected, interesting and always pairs quite well with their menu, they have a *liquor license*, (YES!)  with some cool cocktails for a good price.  Having never tried the celery infused vodka martini, I was totally thrilled when I tried it.  It is in the rotation. For a deli case, I don't see the turnover being high enough on some of the items and they seem a little old, not to mention OVER-priced.  I don't go here at any other time than dinner, so no comment on the counter service in the AM, but from what I see this place is more of a go-to for dinner/diner than for the deli case.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,8/5/2014,327,431,16,24,16>Nature Vegetarian appears to be just another rundown low budget Chinese restaurant from the outside. Actually it appears that way from the inside as well. However once you open up the menu *hallelujah* you're instantly transported to a world of pure Vegan imagination. It's a serene dining experience that you wouldn't expect from the outside.Like many Buddhist restaurants they eschew the use of use onions or garlic so I'm confused how the food can taste so damn good? That's my go to flavor enhancer of choice so I would be curious to know how they get their dishes so flavorful.You want the best wonton soup in The Bay Area? You'll find it right here in Oakland's Chinatown. This is the stuff you'll be craving for when you are feeling under the weather. Then again, I've only had wonton soup from Golden Lotus and other Veg places so perhaps It's only the best meat-free version.Their eggrolls were perfectly crisp and not dripping in oil. They even cut them on the bias and neatly decorated the plate. Try finding that anywhere else around here. The other dish that stood out for me was the Sweet & Sour Pork. So perfectly executed with their homemade pork substitute. There is a good amount of breading but it's just the right amount to me. A far cry from their "Pork Spareribs" which are nearly all bread and nothing else. I would avoid that dish. Check out the General Tso's Chick-non for another five star dish. The story of how Nature Vegetarian came to be is actually quite endearing. The owner formerly owned a traditional Chinese Dim Sum place called Lucky & Lucky yelp.com/biz/lucky-and-l… He became ill and had to sell his shop. He learned Vegetarian cooking while working in a monastery. Once his health improved, he repurchased his restaurant, opening it up as a Vegetarian only eatery. For that the Vegan community is very thankful. Bonus points for the cool little book of Buddhism quotes a nice old lady handed me during my last visit as she was stocking the tiny bookshelf up front. "One should not kill a living being, nor cause it to be killed, nor should one incite another to kill. Do not injure any being, either strong or weak, in the world" sounds like something I could get with.Excellent prices, good service, great food depending on what you order, conveniently located, win win win!! They're so close to 12th st BART that it's difficult for me to pass by here without hopping off BART to grab something to bring home to my babygirl.My love is a fan of Nature Veg as well: yelp.com/biz/nature-vege…
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,8/4/2014,143,256,6,10,7>Well, well, well, isn't this cute.  This is quite a hidden gem (literally) this restaurant is located behind the Craneway Pavilion.  As I entered I see Mad Men on the screen, and  the smooth, golden voice of Frank Sinatra was wafting all around.  I had Aseemble bookmarked for quite some time, and with a little time to kill it was my opportunity to partake.  I took a seat at the bar, and the friendly bartender served up "The Paloma"; a cocktail with St. Germaine, grapefruit juice, other things I can't remember, and a salted rim.  It was tasty and refreshing.  To nosh on I decided on the homemade BBQ chips with onion dip.  The chips had  the perfect balance of crispness and spice, and the carmelized onions in the dip had a great flavor without being overpowering.Brunch is served on Saturday and Sunday, and the menu looked fantastic.  I can't wait to go back and try an entree or brunch.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,8/3/2014,54,200,4,11,6>WOW, probably the most  unique and interesting sushi meals I've ever experienced! I wasn't sure if I was happy, offended,  exalted, or uncomfortable, or all of the combined, but I definitely left feeling something and isn't that the true marker of a great dining experience?A warning to the wise: DO NOT COME HERE IF YOU WANT TO EAT YOUR MEAL IN PEACE.  Aki- San loves to talk! And he will talk you through every dish, how to dip it in soy sauce, how many bites to take and he might even grab your nigiri while it's on your plate to show you how to hold it. Personal bubbles do not exist here!   I can see how some people would HATE this, but I thought it was  entertaining and very informational. My bf says you shouldn't take it too seriously because it's all theatrics. It's like a Broadway play and Aki-san is star. So if you come with an open attitude, you will have a blast. Do not ask a simple question and expect to get a simple answer. It might also be that when we came, there were only 3 people in the restaurant so we were getting prime attention.Apparently, they only seat the bar- which has about ~8 seats. They never use the rooms with the sit down tables. I'm glad we came on a slower weekday, so we didn't have to wait.The meal: We started with the cucumber/seaweed salad. I wasn't a big fan of this, same with miso soup. I think because the flavors were more subtle and there wasn't as much salt as typical sushi places. This isn't necessary bad, just not what I'm used to. Aki- san urged us to get the scallop nigiri and i'm so glad he did. It was from Japan, and SO DELICIOUS. Every taste bud on your tongue is ignited- so flavorful and savory sweet. Same with the yellowtail nigiri, we weren't planning on getting it, but Aki told us it's the most popular item and for good reason. Hands down the best yellowtail I've ever had. I could feel the electrical pulses in my mouth traveling to my brain giving off endorphins. So much umami here!Usually salmon nigiri is my favorite, but I actually didn't enjoy it too much here, probably because I was so enraptured by the yellowtail and scallop. My bf loves tuna so we got the blue fin tuna. It was so delicate and although I'm not a crazy tuna fan, I could even appreciate how good it was (16$ for two pieces though!)Pressed salmon sushi- never tried it before and I don't think I liked it. It was very sweet and a bit sour on top. probably wouldn't get again, but good to experience.Overall, some items were better than ever, and so far, one of the best sushi places I've tried but the entire dining experience makes it worth it!SO easy to spend 100$ here for two people! There is actually a minimum of 25$ a person here (excluding drinks) I left feeling very full and knowing a heck more about sushi than I did before I came. Definitely a place to go when you want to treat yourself!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,8/2/2014,184,198,6,11,11>Tamon Tea just opened across from Berkeley City College, and we need to give them some major Yelp love.  It's a tiny place, so if you blink you might pass it by, but the quality of its equally narrow menu is BIG!  Have you ever had Omusubi, the little rice triangles wrapped in seaweed, with  a bit of something in the middle?  No, you haven't, unless you've had them here.  Most of the time, they're hard, cold, and you can't find the filling.  At Tamon, they are made on demand - the rice is moist and warm, the seaweed crispy, and the filling, oh, the filling - We tried the Unagi and the Spicy Tuna, and they were a revelation.  We were hungry and ate them lickety-split, but when we got home, we looked at each other and said, "don't you wish we hadn't eaten those, so we'd have them to eat again?" - the ultimate compliment to food.  We noticed there's a party plate of Omusubi, but I think we could eat the whole thing between the two of us. Besides various Omusubi choices, there are Mochi-based snacks, both sweet and savory, from Mitarashi Dango to Choco Monaka & Mochi ice creams, combo plates, Donburi, soup, salad, teas, and shaved Ice, or as the Hawaiians say "shave ice"...in fact, they have a machine from Hawaii that produces ice as light as fresh powder snow - unlike the chunky ice you get most places.  We tried the Green Apple, never my favorite, but the fan among us loved it.  Super-sour but light and true to flavor - really like a very tart apple, not at all syrupy-sweet like some places.  It was refreshing and perfect.The couple who run it seem very nice. Try something new...Come for the Omusubi, stay for the Kushi Dango! And order us a party plate to go.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,8/1/2014,325,666,11,8,7>Heart and Dag is what I like to call it. Probably my favorite bar in the Grand Lake neighborhood. It doesn't look like anything fancy from the outside, just a nice tattoo inspired sign above the porch. I half expected to be walking into a biker bar by the way the sign looked however I was greeted with a completely different type of biker. A bunch of fixies locked to the rack. Don't worry though, the place isn't too hipster-y.Just a bunch of 20-somethings throwing back cheap beer playing pinball, arcade games, skee-ball and pool while a muted Dr. Strangelove DVD (possibly VHS) ran. How had I never been here?- I thought.  I instantly knew that I never wanted leave. Setting up a cot in the corner and sipping on strong cocktails while discussing Peter Sellers movies till the end of time.The patio is fairly large with plenty of seating. It features a water dispenser so you don't have to bother the bartenders inside. The place can get fairly chilly on some nights so I recommend a jacket or a lot of whiskey. Dogs are welcome here so be aware. Reasonable prices for drinks top to bottom, friendly patrons, and great bartenders. CASH ONLY! (they have an ATM though)My only thing I'm not a fan of is the smoking on the patio, at times at can get a bit out of hand. I don't mind smoking at a bar, but when the I leave smelling like an ashtray, it's a bit much.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,7/31/2014,128,357,6,9,5>A new restaurant in the Livery where Flame Broiler used to be.  It's similar to Spice Kit and Chipotle in that you assemble boxes with mix and match rice and proteins.  Pickled and steamed veggies are included.  The difference I saw is that food is made to order, and not dished up from a steam table.  As a result, the food is hot and yes, the meat does touch the grill!  We like this far better than Spice Kit- The Thai Taco was interesting, with a nice Roti bread, pickled veggies, and a hot and spicy chicken filling. They gave lots of chicken but the sauce was way too sweet for me and overwhelmed everything.  A minor disappointment.  Not sure if they can make this with their grilled meats or back down on the sauce.  If so, this would be excellent.  - Korean BBQ pork with White Rice I got for the wife.  Chicken char grilled and very tasty from the marinade. Rice was puffy and well cooked, and the veggies added good balance.- Thai dark meat chicken and sweet chili rice was my box of choice.  Like the  pork, chicken had that nice smoky flavor that only comes from a grill.  Rice was pretty balanced - not overly sweet nor spicy.  Just good!Will definitely come back.  If grilled meats aren't your thing, they have a number of wok items including pumpkin curry and various tofu items.  They also have some interesting apps on the menu like curry puffs and pot stickers.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2014,7/30/2014,333,495,6,15,9>Good food, the best shakes and decent prices. I have been coming here off and on since high school and it has remained the same through the years. I like the burgers, chicken sandwich, fries and those thick creamy shakes. I had a pineapple one and there were chunks of fruit, so good. Hubs had a chocolate and strawberry mixed and it was a lot better than In N Out's neapolitan. Orders can take a little long when they are busy due to food being made to order. I like taking my brown bag and shake over to the park to enjoy. I noticed my total was a tad more on my bank statement when I used my debit card. I think it was a service fee. I don't remember seeing a notice to customers.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,7/29/2014,339,571,7,14,9>Finally a hipster coffee shop in my hood! I've been waiting for lattes with cute mugs and designs in the milk forever! I got a heart this time I came and the kicker is, the coffee is actually good. It isn't just good looking. This place just opened up kind of randomly. Nobody was expecting it unless you looked closely at the building where the old hobby and sport shop used to be. It appears they bought out the space next to the hobby shop that used to be a comic store as well. They put the two spaces together to create the coffee shop. You walk in and they have a looking glass with pastries and macaroons. They looked pretty tasty. We ordered at the register and I got a vanilla latte and my girl got an east bay iced that comes with Havana syrup? They have different syrups to sweeten your coffee and my girl got the Cuban inspired syrup. I'm not sure how to describe the taste but I can tell you it was tasty. We also picked up two macaroons, passion fruit and pistachio raspberry. The macaroons were chewy with a little crunch so it was a good consistency cookie. The pistacio raspberry one was good but the passion fruit lacked a taste other than butter. So they are hit or miss but if you get a good one it's pairs nicely with your coffee. My coffee was nice and warm and needed no extra sweetener but it also wasn't sweet to begin with, it was just right. They highlight the taste of your coffee like no other place in the area. My girl's iced coffee was the same, the Havana sweetener was all you needed. No extra milk or sugar. We came on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't busy but there were people inside using the free wifi and typing papers or hanging out. It's a very chill scene and they had some nice music playing that was very relaxing. I would love to come again in the near future. I might go again after work today. Pretty tasty stuff and it's about time we got something like this in our area.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,7/28/2014,783,516,15,12,12>I'm on an all carb diet. I really want to lose three pounds. Okay, not really, but if I were Regina George, I'd put down the Kalteen bars and head over to Wonder Food Bakery, where I can buy carbs on carbs on carbs for basically nothing! Just the other day, I bought a pineapple bun, egg tart, and mochi with red bean for a mere $1.75! You can't even buy a mochi with red bean for a $1.75 from some Japanese sweets shops. Wash it all down with some cranberry juice cocktail and you'll be shopping at 1-3-5 in no time. CASH ONLY.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,7/27/2014,279,212,7,10,6>Born and raised in Southern California, I was spoiled with excellent Mexican food. The best Mexican food this side of the border are served in hole-in-the-wall mom and pop shops. There's no denying that statement. If you think going to a place and paying a premium guarantees "better" food, you're wrong. Places like Javier's in Orange County or Tropisueno in San Francisco are good, but you'll spend too much on food that doesn't even come close. I've always said a good meal at a Mexican joint should never cost more than a cheap handle of tequila. Enter Taqueria El Mex-Cal (TEM-C). A true-to-form mom and pop shop offering excellent food at very reasonable prices. There's nothing fancy about this place. Everything from the decor to the atmosphere is lacking. However, they focus all their attention on their product and that's where TEM-C hits the nail square on the head - FOOD!THREE ITEM PLATE ~ 4 stars: I got two tacos al pastor and one enchilada barbacoa. It also came with a generous side of rice and beans. The al pastor was cut into bigger chunks than what I'm used to, so it was meaty. Combine that with excellent flavor, you get a winner. The enchilada was pretty standard. It wasn't bad, it was just average. If I didn't know it was barbacoa, I would have assumed it was just regular beef. I have to say the enchilada sauce they use didn't do the meat any favors. It pretty much masked the taste. However, it was still delicious. The refried beans were packed with flavor. They either cook it with broth or use special seasoning because it was definitely different than the norm. yelp.com/user_local_phot…WET BURRITO AL PASTOR ~ 4 stars: Ok, it was really a wet chimichanga. Don't ask me why but Sandy ordered this. I don't think she understands the concept of a chimichanga. The tortilla is supposed to be crispy so if you drench it with sauce it, well, doesn't stay crispy! So she essentially ordered a wet burrito. However, all the flavors were still there. With the same al pastor I had with my tacos, this thing was a hit. Packed with your typical fillings of rice, beans, onions, cilantro, salsa and meat, this thing was a winner. yelp.com/user_local_phot…HORCHATA (large) ~ 4 stars: TEM-C makes a pretty damn good horchata. It's not grainy but very smooth with the right amount of cinnamon and sugar. Absolutely refreshing and does a great job countering the spiciness of their salsa and pickled peppers (available at the salsa bar). FYI, their large cup is f*cking huge. It's pretty much the size of a carafe. This whole meal went down for around $26.20 w/ tip. I was excited to try this place because it's been on my radar and it didn't disappoint. It's a very casual place to grab a bite and it's always busy during lunch on the weekends. We went for dinner on a Wednesday night and it wasn't that packed.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,7/26/2014,233,174,11,22,15>This location has always had tons of potential, but past owners beat the "swanky" tapas bar and elevated Indian cuisine concepts to death, never generating enough buzz to keep the doors open. Perdition Smoke House is the perfect solution. With high quality BBQ, a vast craft beer selection, and laid back atmosphere, they show staying power. The dining room is quite expansive, outfitted with community tables, booths, and a stretch of window seating with stools. The back patio, filled with picnic tables, is definitely a summer time friendly destination to knock back some beers and catch some rays. The decor is minimal and tasteful - look out for the periodic table of meat. The staff I encountered were upbeat and managing their tasks well, despite the hungry, encroaching crowd. My my, what a killer array of comfort foods. Normally, I dislike cafeteria style ordering but it suits the vibe of the place and allowed me to lust after all the glorious organic meat. Brisket, pork shoulder, hot links, pork ribs, turkey breast - all dry rubbed and smoked. I am a die hard combo plate kind of girl but even the sandwiches looked delicious. If you're a true carnivore or dining with a group, you can order your meat of choice by the pound. Don't forget to sample their condiments - house BBQ, spicy, vinegar, and mustard. You can always mop up the leftover sauce with the plain white bread slices.The sides include potato salad, mac & cheese, coleslaw, black eyed peas, and baked beans. I was particularly taken with the potato salad, which complimented my choice of brisket famously. I instantly regret not ordering hush puppies but it gives me good reason to come back. If you want to end on a sweet note, they serve pie and cookies but between the savory fare and delicious beer, my stomach hit capacity long before I even noticed their existence. Last but not least, for those of you who geek out on beer, there are 43 varieties on tap that can be ordered by half pint, pint, or pitcher. Swoon.Happy to have you in the neighborhood, Perdition Smoke House.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,7/25/2014,112,275,6,15,6>Nice local place with craft beer and a limited menu, but the quality seems pretty good.So I've been waiting for quite a few months for this place to open up. When I heard the grand opening was going to be on Cinco de Mayo, I immediately called a good friend and made plans. I felt good vibes from the place itself. The modern and classy look worked very well! We walked in and were immediately greeted by the taps and a decent bottle selection, but it took a while for the staff to notice us. After they did, it was all great, though! Anyway, they offer a few craft snacks (pita chips, chicken satay skewers), signature fries with a choice of two dipping sauces, salads (if you're into that), locally sourced artisan sausages, burgers (only two types), and various sandwiches. I love the simplistic menu as it allowed me to focus more on the beer. That's why I really came here, right? Speaking of which, they have quite a few taps and bottles. I saw a few firestone beers, 21st amendment, Green Flash, Ninkasi, and some others on tap. Bottles (from The Bruery, Lost Abbey, Allagash, ect.) were up front. If I wasn't driving, I'd probably get that bigfoot (barleywine style ale) since I don't normally see that on tap but I ended up with a coffee porter that wasn't bad. As for the food, I ordered the avocado bacon cheeseburger ($10, sharp cheddar, applewood smoked bacon, avocado, bibb lettuce, caramelized onions, house dressing, grilled bun) and split an order of fries/chipotle aoli with my friend. The fries were pretty good. Thick cut. The chipotle aoli was great as well! They charge for extra sauce tho. The burger was tasty! Right on the money at medium. I also liked how 1) the burger didn't fall apart on me and 2) they chose to go with bibb lettuce over iceberg lettuce. What would've made it better in my opinion would be to add that chipotle aoli. Also, toast the bun a little more as it was a bit soft...but that's me nitpicking. They did a great job.A few more things. Despite having "growler" in the name, they do not sell growlers. Also, I talked to an employee and they do not have beer flights but will have them soon. In short, we loved our experience at The Growler. Only minus a star because I feel like they still need to work out a few kinks (-1/2) and wasn't completely blown away by the food (-1/2) but maybe I can bump them up after they've been open for a while. Just need to see what other beers they tap and if they work things out a bit. We'll see. I'm looking forward to returning and I suggest you stop by and check this place out!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,7/24/2014,156,215,6,15,9>Diversity, thy name is Lake Merritt - on any given day, I can hear Cantonese, Mandarin, Spanish, Vietnames, French, other European languages, or African languages being spoken, not to mention training my feet over the varied terrain (pavement, dirt, grass, hills, level ground) and seeing many types of birds. In the AM, I observe small and medium sized dogs, Tai Chi, bootie camp, circuit training, jogging stroller parents and in the PM, roller skaters, slack lining, picnics, salsa dancing by the pergola, gigantic unicycles, partner yoga. People of all shapes and sizes, individuals and groups, make the lake part of their daily life.Walking the lake has been my savior since I injured myself in Feb. If the walkway is crowded and not much room for me to move to the left, I like to say "on your left" when passing people - who are amused at times because I am walking and saying this vs running. Note: I appreciate when runners or walkers or bikers tell me when they are passing me no matter what time of day or how crowded it is. At first when I started walking, it was a little like driving, I would wonder why some people forced me to the right or at times on one foot (because they expected me to move since they were running and I was walking but I didn't have room) or other people would give me dirty looks because I passed them, perhaps too closely? Then I realized, that as long as I was aware and avoided physical collision, all is good. The lake is also good for contemplation. Sitting with hot tea on a bench overlooking the lake and watching birds is a rare and valued pleasure. Cheering the 2014 marathon runners at various points around the lake was much fun, particularly with the back drop of live music. Look forward to hearing live music at the ampitheater in warmer days to come.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,7/23/2014,242,113,8,19,10>Faz has become my go-to place for lunch with friends or colleagues in downtown Oakland. I usually schedule an early lunch to beat the crowd, snag the best booths, and get a head start on their delicious flatbread and specials. Yesterday we ordered the salmon risotto special which was incredibly juicy and moist, and IMO the best dish on the regular menu - chicken kebabs - which were tender and succulent. I usually skip dessert in favor of coffee but the server sold me on the peach cobbler, which he said was made from farm fresh peaches purchased that very morning. Boy was he right! Topped with ice cream - it made for the perfect ending to a delicious meal.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,7/22/2014,297,409,17,24,19>I finally got a No No Burger in my mouth, and all I can say is, my life has completely changed for the better.Many of my Yelp friends had posted glowing reviews of this company's stellar veggie burgers, but I never found myself in the right place at the right time.Finally, much on a whim, I decided to visit Concord, and the farmers market was happening in Todos Santos Plaza. What a happy surprise! I had been dreaming about this momentous occasion for quite some time.I stepped up to the window to order, my eyes glistening like a child on Christmas morning. I couldn't decide between all of the tasty-sounding options, but I decided to stick with the Classic With Cheese, opting for the Daiya vegan cheddar. I also got a side of sweet potato fries, because really, who can resist the seductive call of deep fried vegetables?My name came up and my order handed to me. What a beautiful sight to behold. I swooned a little bit before I took my seat and sank my teeth in. One bite in, and I saw stars and rainbows and fireworks. This is the veggie burger that defeats all others. After years of munching on mealy, mushy messes, I have finally come across a PERFECT creation. The texture and taste mimics real meat without all the grease, fat, or cholesterol. This baby is made from organic and non-GMO soy protein. Even the toppings are super fresh and delicious: lettuce, tomato, grilled and raw onions, pickles, and a creamy sauce that reminded me a lot of In-N-Out's, very thousand island-y. The sweet potato fries were incredible. They weren't overly oily and maintained a slight crispness without being rock-hard or squishy. No No Burger? More like Yes Yes Burger. This is something that everyone needs to try once. Just don't be surprised if you get hooked on them.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,7/21/2014,119,95,6,12,12>A clean, well-lighted place to learn about and buy fine, quality booze. There is no shortage of places to buy alcohol in this area, it's no surprise the City of O was a little hesitant to grant another liquor license on this street, but thankfully they did. Every time I walk into Alchemy it's an education -- either through chatting or dropping in on a tasting. I've learned all about bitters (wonderful in tea) and that I actually like brandy (when it's mixed with coffee, ala Firelit). Most recently, I learned how much a pleasure it is to drink alone at home! Alchemy Bottle Shop is run by 2 very well-informed people that seem to always be talking or cleaning. This is equivalent of what Good Vibrations did for le sex shoppe, its displays reflect the effort the distilleries put into crafting their fine concoctions. Upstairs is an art gallery/tasting room in the works. It can also be rented out for private events with liquor purchased through a caterer (gotta follow the liquor laws).
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,7/20/2014,216,493,7,17,9>My back was as stiff as a 2'x3'x2 inches thick plywood board, yea, I was THAT stiff.  Stiff as a board.  Not only that, my right arm and shoulder was seriously hurting.  For the past 2-weeks, I've been working 10 hour work days.  All that computer work and tight deadlines added more pressure on top of pressure.  I was ready to combust, so, I called in an emergency massage early Saturday morning and was able to book an appointment ASAP!  And I do mean ASAP because right after I hung up, I drove over here in 12 minutes and was the first customer.The place looks like they picked up a section of Thailand and dropped it into Union City because the decorations are beautiful. There were 5-6 traditional Thai massage rooms that are separated by thick curtains.  Each room had a thick mat and pillow with  sturdy looped scarfs hanging on the ceiling for the masseuse to use when pressure stepping on top of you.  To keep the romance of Thailand,  the lights were dimmed and soft music played in the background for added relaxation.  It really felt tranquil and beautiful.My masseuse, Mint, was excellent!  I told her my problem of right shoulder aches and she recommended thai oil massage so she can work on knots.  I went into my room, striped down to my underpants and layed on the mat with a blanket on top.  They start with a warm towel on your feet, which is a good idea because who wants to work with stinky feet?! She worked her way up from feet, legs to back, then head.  But the second she touched my back was when she recommended hot stones to alleviate my board like back.  I said yes to the stones therapy.  The entire massage consisted of hitting the pressure points by using her feet, elbows, hands along with oils, lotions and then hot stones.  Boy!  Were they hot but as long as I felt good, the pain of hotness didn't bother me.   When my session ended, I was no longer a stiff board!  All the aching shoulders had melted away.  I did however, feel sore for several days but once that wore off, I felt totally balanced again.If you love Thai massages, I would highly recommend this place.  It's located in a strip mall, so, there's plenty of free parking.  However, the only alarming thing is, it's next to railroad tracks and towards the end of my session, the roar and rumble of a train passing by scared me!  The website said walk-ins are welcome but I don't see how that can work since the masseuses work the front and back rooms simultaneously.  Its a risk that you would have to take and I'd recommend calling ahead instead of doing a walk-in.  Prices are okay, it starts at $55 and moves up with each additional service provided.  But they do have a stamp card, once it's filled up, you get a freebie!  I like that.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,7/19/2014,751,162,9,17,10>Legit New York style pizza all the way on the West Coast. There's a reason why this place is so highly rated. Their stuff is good!I came here with my mom randomly since she just started using Yelp and found this place through the app. We came in at about 5:30pm on a Thursday. We were promptly greeted by who I believe was one of the owners. We took advantage of the check in offer which was 50% an 18" pizza and got half Philly Cheesesteak and half Butterfly Shrimp. (AMAZING DEAL. ALWAYS USE IT.) We also got an order of garlic knots. The total was about $18.Garlic knots: Worth the hype. Get these things. They are SOOO GOOD. Think garlic croissant rolls but with fluffy pizza crust and packed full of fresh garlic flavor served with marinara. I believe these things are made to order and come out piping hot. I want more.Philly Steak: Basically a cheesesteak on a pizza. Quite literally you can fold the slice and it's like a sandwich or a taco. Great flavor and I would have to say that this was my favorite between the two.Butterfly shrimp: I was surprised at how good this was. The shrimp was cooked perfectly and wasn't dry. Definitely can taste the garlic and olive oil on this. It was also loaded with a bunch of basil. Try this place out! Forreal, I may have found one of my favorite pizza places in the area. Great service, friendly people and best of all, delicious pizza.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,7/18/2014,346,364,10,17,13>Street Tacos y Pupusas y Guacamole OH MY!  Those are the few items I have tried on the extensive menu here at Las Fuentas and I deem them crave worthy!  So far this is the best Mexican Food I have had in Pleasanton and it is certainly the best Mexican food in Down Town.  And I might even go as far as saying they have the best chips y salsa in Pleasanton and Livermore. As a reliable yelper pointed out, the salsa has heat!  In a good way...the way where you can still taste all the other flavors. The chips are the perfect thickness/salty/crunch ratio.  Street Tacos: chicken, shredded chicken, and carne asada with onions cilantro and salsa.  My favorite are the shredded chicken and they are only $1.50 each!  Another reliable yelper pointed out that they serve street tacos on weekend nights outside between 8-12am!  Can't get anymore "street taco" than that.Pupusas: The Salvadorian Grilled Cheese.  Corn tortilla filled with that white cheese that is used in Mexican restaurants that I cannot find anywhere!!!  Only $2.50.If you are disenchanted with the rest of the Mexican Food options down town then you should really come and give this place a try!
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,7/17/2014,174,439,6,12,8>Chop Bar Burger. I just can't get enough. The Acme bun, perfectly cooked medium patty, thick slices of bacon, fresh tomatoes and avocados, all served with an extra sour pickle and arugula salad... Man, I am going to MISS this.Don't let my hype of the burger deter you from trying other items on the menu, because they're worth a try too. The mussels, poutine (although too watery IMO), paella, ribs, etc were all great.Service is attentive, although not the quickest. If it's nice out, ask for one of the tables on the patio where your furry friends are welcome!P.S. Get the BACONIZED Bloody Mary!+ Easy street parking in JLS+ Reservations accepted
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,7/16/2014,455,221,5,15,10>Still one of my favorite places to eat in Downtown Berkeley. Can't go wrong with beer and pizza! On a warmer afternoon or night, it's nice to sit in the large patio in the back of the restaurant to avoid the noise inside. They also have heated lamps by some of the tables if it gets a bit chilly. Service is great and fast, which is always a plus! Our waiter the other night gave up good suggestions for the pizzas and even offered to let us try out a couple beers before choosing one. We ended up getting the spinach & artichoke dip and beer & cheese fondue appetizers (our eyes were bigger than our stomachs) which were both warm and creamy. The sourdough bread and foccacia were also a good accompaniment. As for the pizza, my favorites would have to be the Xanthia (thinly-sliced potatoes, bacon, garlic, mozzarella, ricotta cheese, crushed red pepper on an olive oil crust) and the Athena (pesto, artichoke hearts, sun-dried tomatoes, red onion, feta, mozzarella) which is also a good vegetarian option. With a honey wheat beer, it's a great way to end the night!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,7/15/2014,370,470,3,8,6>It's that time of the year again folks! It's an election year and I'm voting for Rudy Giuliani! The sandwich served here, that is!I've been looking for a place that serves deli styled sandwiches besides the well known chains. City Bistro had been undetected by my sights for a very long time. Until, I did some research with the trusty Yelp app. My craving for a patty melt was strong, but until I saw a picture of the Rudy Giuliani sandwich, I decided to pass on the patty melt for another day.I called and placed a to go order and the phone was answered in a couple rings.  While ordering the sandwich, I also added an order of the sweet potato fries. I was quoted that the order will be ready within 10 to 15 minutes.I arrived at the restaurant at the quoted time and the restaurant was empty. This was around the 4pm time frame. I was nicely greeted and I announced that I had a to go order. I paid for my order and headed home.The sandwich and fries were packaged in a clear plastic container. Unfortunately, during my drive home my container slid off my passenger car seat. Although my fries and sandwich were re-arranged, the container was still intact. The make up of the Rudy Giuliani sandwich consisted of: corn beef, pastrami, cole slaw, and swiss cheese. All this goodness was all embedded in between two slices of toasted rye bread. The sweet potato fries had a glaze of lightly harden syrup coating each fry.Although, I slightly damaged my entree on my drive home, everything tasted great. The tenderness of the pastrami and corn beef. The cole slaw was just as crunchy as a side dish alone. The bread was nicely toasted and crispy. As for the fries, sweet and tasty!I will for sure will be back! Patty melt, your next on my list!
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,7/14/2014,535,179,10,15,17>Ypérochos (delicious in Greek)! Yes, I completely used Google translate for this intro...Hopefully you have learned something new today, if nothing else. I haven't been big on Greek and Mediterranean food in the past, my first time here - I wasn't a big fan either. However, after coming back again and again, I've fallen for this place. Just writing this review has me craving a gyro and their rice pilaf. The food is so fresh and tasty. The meats are always so juicy and seasoned to perfection and if you are a vegetarian, they have plenty of options for you. It's also great for people who eat low-carb and can resist the temptation of warm pita bread and rice pilaf.This space is quaint and cozy. I love how the restaurant actually opens up to the street. Fresh air breezing through takes your mind off the chaotic hussle-and-bussle of everyday life. A drink in hand doesn't hurt either. They offer a full bar in the center of the restaurant which has a few TVs usually showing a sports game. It definitely beats the food across the street at Stadium Pub, if you are in a mood to watch the game in a classier environment. This is my kind of spot to come and catch up with old friends and not worry about being rushed out. The staff have always been more than pleasant. If you happen to order something you don't like or misunderstood on the menu, they will take it back and replace it with something else or no charge. Management seems to be doing a fine job of running this place. Even the bathroom is pretty. When I come here, I feel like I'm actually being treated like family. Not in an Olive Garden slogan kind of way but genuinely good, personal service.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,7/13/2014,272,451,11,11,12>I would like to salute all my fellow Yelpers, as you have not lead me astray with Wally's Cafe. Quite literally a hole in the wall, I would have driven past this place a couple hundred more times in my lifetime if some of my buddies on here didn't point out how amazing this place could be. (Speaking of hole in the wall, I love how Google maps got me lost, but I then hopped on Yelp to look at my fellow Yelpers directions and found it in no time. So trust us, not Google!!!)Anyways, me and my friend got seated and out came two bowls of this famous lentil soup that everyone's raving about. Being honest, I don't even know what a lentil is, and here's this big hairy guy plopping a bowl of it in front of me and it kind of smells like armpit but I'm a curious cat so I tried it out anyways and it's so delicious. Probably could have ordered the lentil soup by itself for my meal but I decided on their Chicken Pomegranate plate. Oh my god the portion size is ridiculous. Yeah, that plate is wider than my body. That's not all gonna fit inside me right??? Well with as tasty the chicken is, I sure did try and stuff myself full. The chicken was so juicy and tender, not a hint of dryness. Could have eaten it forever if my physiology would have allowed it.Price was very reasonable all things considered. Being honest, I'm not a huge fan of Mediterranean food at all, and I loved Wally's Cafe. You'll definitely see me back here again!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,7/12/2014,369,122,6,9,8>So much garlic in their pizza I am pretty sure a slice can be considered medicinal! :) If not, at least the vampires and fleas will leave you alone. #garlicpowerI originally tried Villa Roma because of their AMAZING coupon... the best in town, offering deals with pizza, wings, kabobs, pastas, etc. Love a pizza place that serves more than pizza with edible food (unlike Americana, for example). The pies have a ton of cheese, hearty tomato sauce, and loads of toppings. My favorites:- Vegetarian: tons of veggies! Probably 2 servings worth per slice :)- Hawaiian: Ever had hawaiian with garlic? - Margherita: huge basils leaves, nice size tomato chunksThe chicken salads are huge, lots of chicken and cheese... enough to feed me for 3 nights. Kabobs are amazing too... I just don't order them often enough to write a very detailed review as of now.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,7/11/2014,732,444,11,18,15>When a place surprises the pants off you (almost literally) with it's food and charm, you go back. And you bring reinforcements. Once again we were astounded by 1. the freshness of the ingredients, 2. the stunning preparation and execution of the dishes, and 3. the kind care and attention of the staff. There are three courses - each with multiple options - and among the four of us, we wanted to try everything. And we very nearly did. We started our meal with appetizers of beef tartare served with quail egg & mustard greens on grilled toast, as well as spinach & artichoke dip on sourdough bread. The beef tartare was perfect, and I've never had artichoke dip that fresh or flavorful - not anywhere, not ever. For our main course(s), we tried the vegetarian dish of wild rice, squash, and mushrooms with a pecan date relish, seared trout with farro, carrots, and fava leaves, the prime rib with roasted onions, garlic, & butterball potatoes, and a side of grits with biscuits. Be still my beating heart. The dishes were so cleanly prepared you could taste - and savor - every single ingredient. Every dish on the menu was stunning. I cannot remember the last time I had prime rib that divine. It was juicy, perfectly salted, and melted on our palates (and I am not someone who typically waxes poetic about beef). The wild rice dish was a flavorful combination of nutty, sweet and savory; and the seared trout was delicious, crispy on the outside, tender and flaky on the inside. Everyone "ooohed and ahhhed" over each dish in sheer delight.Because too much of a good thing is never enough, we followed it up with dessert: a decadent chocolate & salted caramel tart. I could taste the cocoa powder in the chocolate. The salted caramel made me swoon. And all of it was layered over a chocolate cookie crust. Please bury me with that pie when I die.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,7/10/2014,188,238,11,18,15>Uh-oh. Looks like I've found a new hobby. It involves aromatic wines, a beautiful vineyard, and only $10. Is this an AA intervention in the making? Perhaps. All joking aside, I just discovered a newly emerging wine scene...and it's in my own backyard! Did y'all know Livermore is the new Napa? I didn't. Now I can swirl, sniff, and sip all the wine I want, without having to make the trek up to Napa Valley, or fork over $25-$40 for a tasting. Can you see why I'm ecstatic?I visited Concannon with a friend on a Saturday afternoon. A typical tasting consists of one flight with five different wines. However, we were given an extra wine so that was six wines for $10! What a deal! I'm no wine connoisseur, and I might sound like a typical girl (not trying to reinforce stereotypes), but I prefer white wines to reds. We started off with a fruity white wine, Viognier, which I loved. Unfortunately, that was the first and last of our white wines. The next five tastings were all red wines. At least now I know that Zinfandel is a no-no for me, but I'm a fan of Syrah (not to be confused with Petite Sirah). It's pretty obvious that all of this is quite overwhelming for a noobie like me. However, the employees were helpful and friendly, detailing the various histories of each wine. I did feel that we didn't receive as much attention as the other more senior tasters. Probably because we are younger and as you can tell, we don't know much about wine so the employees most likely didn't want to spend too much time on us.Now let's talk about the vineyard. It is gorgeous with a huge gate welcoming you. Vast patches of grape-bearing vines stretch across the land. You can even see plantations dotting the nearby hills. There is a large open grass area that is perfect for a picnic and wine on warm days. You can also reserve tables on their outdoor patio and munch on small bites from their restaurant. Concannon is a wonderful spot to enjoy some classy wine and lovely scenery!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,7/9/2014,164,123,7,11,9>This was my first "legit" bar experience and I love the vibe I got from it. I went on a pretty slow night, but it seems like a pretty intimate bar venue to grab a couple drinks with friends and sit and chat. I'm all for casual, social drinking and this place has the right atmosphere for it.They have a lot of ample seating and a wide selection of craft beers in the fridges at the back. I didn't get to try anything on tap or draft (I'm not the beer connoisseur). But, they do charge you more for the bottle to drink inside rather than taking the bottle to go.Overall, this place has that small, very crafty and hipster vibe which any beer lover would love hanging in. The atmosphere and vibe in the room is a bit grungy with the right amount of space for yourself or for sharing with others. Cool place (if I loved beer more)! And the prices seem to match the beer's rarity, around $10+. I'd come back with some beer-lovers anytime!
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,7/8/2014,2243,356,11,20,20>Two pints and four waffle cones "to go" makes for a happy family!!!  I was the hero tonight for bringing this treat home.  My son is severely allergic to peanuts, so watching it being made and knowing there was no hidden ingredients was a big deal for us.  He rarely eats ice cream for fear of cross contamination--so thank you for being so allergen friendly!  This is a welcome addition to Lafayette and we will be back to try the other flavors very soon!  Salted Caramel, Chocolate and Vanilla--all delicious, all CHECK.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,7/7/2014,216,172,5,12,10>Ain't no mountain (of food) high enough! Ain't no river (of Thai tea) wide enough! That's how my ode to the Heavenly food cart would begin. Ramona's, Fifo, and Café Zeb can't compare to the prices, taste, and service that this food cart offers. The lady who serves the food (Anna) is notorious for callin' just about everybody "honey" with her adorable accent. She also loves to joke around and will always serve you a complimentary cup of soup or congee! Sprinkled with crunchy garlic bits too.The bánh mì sandwiches come in 6 varieties (BBQ grilled pork, lemongrass chicken or tofu, among others) and are fairly decent. However, I've long since moved onto Heavenly's rice plates which are stuffed so full with salad, rice, and the main entrée that I've never been able to get the box to close. The entrées are a hodge-podge of different Asian cuisines: kung pao shrimp, teriyaki chicken, fried fish filets, curry beef, and Mongolian tri-tip to name a few. You can also ask for the entrée to be served over a bed of orange coconut rice.Not hungry for a meal but still looking for a snack or drink? Never fear. There's cups of Thai tea or iced coffee in the fridge, and you can have your pick of Vietnamese egg rolls, spam musubi, or even banana tapioca pudding. If you're on the east side of campus and in need of food, definitely stop by this well-named slice of heaven.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,7/6/2014,188,138,11,13,4>Wow what an awesome experience! I took my boyfriend here for a couples massage on his birthday and it was completely amazing. The process started with a questionnaire and a quick consultation with our therapists to find our preferred focus areas. My therapist was Leticia (Tisha), and right off the bat I could tell her hands were magic. I had an hour-long heavy-handed Swedish that I never wanted to end. She's got this unbelievable, gradual, understated technique where she starts off with pressure so light that I don't even realize her hands are on me until I'm grunting in complete satisfaction and relaxation. The girl is talented. I can't speak on the bf's deep tissue massage with Madeleine, but let's just say both of us thought there was no way the other could have possibly had a better massage.The front desk staff was extremely friendly as well. I thought I had seen a Yelp review that mentioned 10% off a massage on the week of your birthday, and although I was mistaken I was told that I could check in on Yelp and get my 10% off that way. I really appreciated that; the ladies could have easily skipped that detail but chose to be accommodating instead.My only gripe is that my boyfriend started snoring during the session, and it killed my vibe a bit. Next time I think I'll ditch him and get a solo sesh going. My own birthday isn't for another 6 months but I already know I'll be here, getting rubbed down for 2 hours. And I honestly can't wait.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,7/5/2014,32,230,9,10,7>I can't think of any reason not to give Box and Bells five stars.  This is coming from someone who doesn't eat a ton of meat and usually shies away from anything with visible animal fat on it, including bacon.  I went with 3 others and had a fantastic evening and enjoyed every fatty meaty bite that I had.  The dishes here are all very rich in flavor, but surprisingly not overly salty or greasy.  I mean, don't get me wrong, everything has lard in it, but it didn't feel gross and greasy.  My favorites of the evening were the beef tongue pastrami toast and the country pork rillettes.  The burger with the pretzel bun was absolutely perfect as well.Their non-meat items were also fantastic, especially the deviled eggs and the grilled asparagus with a softegg and mint.  The deviled eggs are definitely pricey at $5 for 2 halves, but well worth the splurge.  They packed quite a kick and were maybe even better than the ones Wayfare Tavern used to serve (2010 -  2014 R.I.P.).The drinks are expertly-made and pretty to look at, but a little on the small side.  I had the Chief Lapu Lapu, which tasted like a really good, less sweet Mai Tai.  For alcohol, I think the shot and beer combo for $8 is the way to go.  Not sure if the items change, but when I went it was a healthy shot of Four Roses bourbon and an 8 oz pour of Linden St. Common Lager.I definitely recommend going with a group so you can try more things.  Every dish is rich so it goes a long way even if it looks small.  I don't recommend going with a vegetarian or vegan friend.  Vegetarians (not sure about vegans) will be able to find something to eat, but it just won't be worth the money.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,7/4/2014,356,481,6,11,8>Cannot believe I haven't reviewed the Miz! Missouri Lounge is one of my favorite watering holes. I mean, I have a little nickname for it and everything (see above). I passed by many times and never ventured in, and when I finally did I kicked myself for not coming sooner. Yes, it's a dive, but they've got cheap drinks, food, and an awesome back patio. My personal favorite is the tequila special, which is a shot of tequila and can o'tecate for $6. You can also do the same with whiskey and a PBR for $5. The food is typical bar fare, perfect for when you're drinking. Burgers, hot dogs, nachos, etc. I haven't had a burger here yet, but I've heard they're actually very tasty. Hot dogs are not the cheap oscar meyer links, but Top Dog style franks. They have a large, heated patio, which is perfect for summer nights or if your friends are smokers. There is also a pool table inside with comfy couches, and an area to serve as a dance floor on weekends. They do take credit cards, with a $10 minimum. Service has ranged from great to eh, but I've never encountered bad or rude service here. The bathroom is terrifying, but, it's a dive, what do you expect? They kind of have a parking lot, but street parking is also very easy to find.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,7/3/2014,115,414,7,10,5>WOWZA. That was one strong massage. This is no cucumber water & fuzzy robe operation-- these people mean BUSINESS. But it's cheap, clean & the therapists will definitely work out those kinks for you! not for the modest- keep your undies on if you don't want your naughty bits exposed multiple times. a bit hard to communicate with the therapists (at least the 2 we had), but on the plus side you don't get chatted at when you are trying to reeeeeelaaaaax. they have some monthly membership deal- might check that outin addition to the private massages, they have the "foot massage"-- a bunch of reclined chairs in a big room.  focus on your feet, but also includes shoulder, scalp, etc- anywhere they can get to while you are clothed & in a chair.it is a little weird knowing this used to be a party store. (RIP Party Warehouse)
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,7/2/2014,121,1332,,14,5>I will warn you to go here early. We thought we were early but there were already so many people by the time we arrived at 9:30 AM on a Sunday. I suppose everybody is trying to get cherries before they run out of them due to the drought. When we left about half and hour later, the parking lot was completely full and they had run out of buckets to give people. We had never been to this particular farm before for cherry picking and I was a bit worried. Our usual place has never let us down and the one time we went somewhere else, the cherries were disappointing. At first, I thought we were going to be disappointed again as we went by tree after tree absolutely stripped bare (by hordes of people I presume). However, many rows back and over the trees had plenty of cherries. The cherries were a bit less sweet and ripe than in previous years (we were there a week earlier than usual), but they were still very good quality. We picked about 10 pounds. Because of the drought and lack of cherries, prices are $3.50 a pound this year. Still worth every penny especially when I think about how these wonderful trees are supporting these farmers.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,7/1/2014,146,319,,13,8>Welcome to the neighborhood! Walked by tonight and saw they were doing an undercover soft opening. Had to go in. I think they're going to do well.The old Punchdown space (R.I.P.) has been renovated just enough to create a new theme. It's still a nice narrow but open space, with a huge bar. But now it's a restaurant. And the opening night food selections were great.Cast-iron mussels were the real standout. Haven't seen this dish around the Bay Area in years (used to make it at home sometimes), but here they turn it into a signature, with the smoke and sear, sweet butter, and salt blending into a great appetizer. Braised lamb tacos, sold as a snack, are just awesome. A grilled asparagus salad was cooked and dressed perfectly. Pasta with bacon, cheese, and greens was good, but suffered from niblets and perhaps not enough of the bacon and cheese.The liquor selection was limited due to licenses still in the process, but the wine selection was decent and moderately priced. Opening night service was great, considering that they hadn't done any of this before. I appreciated the earnestness and genuineness of the staff--I think they really want to make something nice here in the neighborhood.Good luck, and I look forward to a return visit.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,6/30/2014,406,300,19,16,13>How come no one told me how cool Ippuku is? When I asked my sister how it was she kinda shrugged and said, "Yeah it's cool." No, no no! What she should've done is grab me by the shoulders, shake me a couple of times and scream, "Wendy, you have not had Japanese food in Berkeley until you go to Ippuku! Go and make a reservation right now. I will not release you from my iron grip until you promise to eat there."Then I would've discovered sooner that not only is Ippuku a restaurant with good food and good sake, it is a complete dining experience. When you step in you feel like you've stepped into an alleyway in Japan. While I am not Japanese, everything certainly felt authentic, from the menu I couldn't read to the citrus-y pepper spice in the bamboo jar on the table. Whether it was truly authentic or not, I walked away feeling like I had a very unique and special experience. The sweet egg, grilled chicken shoulder blade, and corn fritters were our favorites. The mochi wrapped in nori had good sauce but was a little sticky and hard to manage. The crab croquettes were good and creamy, but not really worth the $9 for two little croquettes. The sake we had was good and slightly sweet. It was by far the most expensive thing we had. Each of our dishes was $5-9 but the sake was $28. I guess we were expected to drink a lot of sake and try multiple kinds. When we kept asking the server for recommendations she would say something like, "Well, here is a good, light sake to start with." We tried to communicate we would only order one sake for the night. She finally understood and said, "Okay, I'll order the larger size for you." Ha! We definitely ended the night with bright red, happy faces.CORRECTION: I talked to my sister about this review after posting it and it turns out, she did practically shake me by the shoulders and tell me I had to eat at Ippuku. Whoops. I should have listened to her back then. I guess I was playing the role of a dense big sister quite well. Oh well. Moral of the story: Eat at Ippuku!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2014,6/29/2014,185,670,6,12,9>Beautiful new venue that's part of the Linden Street Brewery complex. While the place can be described as "New American," many of the dishes are internationally inspired, as the Dock name is an homage to the long history of international trade that has taken place at the adjacent Port of Oakland. In fact, the lights at the bar flicker intentionally, so as to create a maritime ambience. Indeed, the menu is quite diverse, and no item is priced more than $15 at the moment.  Offerings range from jerk chicken wings to falafel waffles to curry chicken thighs. The beer and cocktail menus are also extensive. And the staff and crowd is lively, personable, and unpretentious - all what you'd expect from being in a community-oriented place like Oakland. Chalk up another win for the West Oakland / Port / Jack London Square area.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,6/28/2014,253,127,7,11,7>Japanese soul food..?! It really is as good as it sounds. This spot just opened as a pop-up inside the delicious local lunch locale Garden House. We stopped by for their opening night and they have a pretty great initial offering! You can pick fried chicken in solo, slider, or rice bowl form, and with one of four flavors (sansho-seasalt, ginger agave teriyaki, Japanese honey BBQ, or orange aioli), or for the non-meat-eaters, there are a few vegan options as well. On top of that, they have a bunch of side salads and yaki onigiri. After like ten minutes of deliberation, I went with the rice bowl + orange aioli fried chicken. Gabe B. went the BBQ tofu route plus onigiri. Both were amazing! I devoured my chicken -- the aioli is super flavorful but not too greasy, the chicken is boneless & skinless and then fried, and ends up super juicy and tender with a crunchy exterior (okay not FuseBox crunchy, but still excellent). I would've thought the tofu would be more crunchy too, but it wasn't. We also got to try one of our friend's vegan drumsticks -- pretty interesting! It had more of a smoky flavor to it and was surprisingly delicious (I don't know why I'm always surprised by vegan food, it's proved to be more delicious than not like 90% of the time...).Anyway, can't wait to try more of their menu items and flavors! You should def make this part of your weeknight-out routine!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,6/27/2014,196,110,2,17,5>COLLEGE BUCKET LIST: Try everything on the menu before I graduate. Thank you for finally bringing good milk tea to Southside. Yes, it is pretty pricey, but you're getting your money worth with fresh tea instead of powder or watered down milk tea. The quality is fresh and the boba is cooked perfectly with just the right amount of chewy/sweetness. Bring a friend, it's kind of lonely standing in the sometimes-ridiculous long line by yourself. They don't call it Sharetea for no reasons :) (+) Matcha Green Tea Creama!  I was very hesitant on getting this one because it's really easy to go wrong with powdered matcha green tea. However, it was perfect! It wasn't bitter at all or overly sweet (80% sweet). I don't get recommend getting the aloe vera topping with this because ....meh. I think the pudding or the boba would be a better fit. (+) Peach Green Tea Creama. The drink is definitely way too sweet at 100% so I recommend getting 80% or 50% sugar depending on how you like your tea. When you get your drink, use the small plastic knife provided to cut two slits on the top and drink it like how they show you instead of using your straw. This way, you can get a balance of both the cream at the top and the tea at the bottom. If you use your straw, you're only getting the tea and leaving the top untouched so it's a little bit bitter. I also prefer the aloe vera with the creama because it adds to the refreshing taste. (+) Mango Green Tea! I expected a watered down mango green tea drink but the mango flavor was surprisingly strong refreshing. I have to say I like the Mango GT BETTER than the Mango Creama. (+/) Strawberry Black Team Creama. Not sure if I love it or hate it but maybe I'm not a strawberry tea kind of person. Personally paid the consequences by forgetting to ask for 80% sugar because it was way too sweet ! At least now I know what the 100% sweet tastes like.(/) Fresh Taro Hot Milk Tea. They weren't kidding when they said fresh taro! I was literally sipping up taro chunks. Overall, the drink was meh. Wasn't amazing and wasn't boring. If you love taro then I think you should try it, especially on a cold day! (-) Regular green milk tea (Jasmine). Nothing too exciting about this drink. The jasmine green milk tea is my first go-to drink at any new store because it's a pretty good baseline. However, I wasn't entirely impressed with it at Sharetea (maybe because I'm also picky). I couldn't really taste the tea in this and it tasted more like watered down milk instead. (/) Happy Family Green Milk Tea. You will definitely get your money worth with this drink because there's literally just so many toppings in it! (without you paying extra for toppings like the other drinks). There's boba, pudding, herb jelly, red beans (?), etc. It might be a turnoff if you prefer your tea over toppings. I personally though it was just too much for me because I was just overwhelmed every time trying to figure out what I was drinking but it was worth a try. (/) Okinawa Milk Tea.  This is one of the drinks where you can't customize your sugar level or else it will taste really bitter. I also wasn't entirely impressed with this drink (only because I prefer light tea flavors instead of heavy ones so it varies from person to person). It's a pretty heavy drink in terms of flavors. Overall, I feel like the milk tea is pretty average but their tea creama is pretty amazing. The hype will die down but I can see this place staying in Berkeley for a long time because of its quality over the other boba places on Southside.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,6/26/2014,309,712,6,14,13>This will be my 700 review and it is fitting because we came here to celebrate my Big 40th Birthday!  I wanted an awesome birthday with my family and friends and thought it would be great to have everyone come together here.The Umigo people were very friendly and accommodating since some of our people were late for a our reserved track time.  They adjusted the races according to the number of people there so we wouldn't lose track time, then readjusted when the rest arrived. They provide you with optional suits to wear over your clothes, which I recommend so you don't get your clothes dirty or smell of fumes.  They have you watch a 5 min video of the rules and cautionary flags to make sure everyone is safe and has a good time.  You are also given a new helmet sock and they provide helmets and neck braces. It is a big track and the cars go pretty fast (especially if  you tell them its your birthday - they make sure you get a faster car).  They have several people on the track to insure everyone is safe, especially if you race too hard and get slammed into the tire wall where your kart ends up on two tires and you feel as if you might fly out... that was me!  I hit pretty hard and the guys rushed over to make sure I was ok.  I was and continued racing! All in all we had plenty of track time. Everyone LOVED it and said it was so much fun!  We talked and talked about it through dinner and the after party!  Best birthday ever and so glad our group had fun here!
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,6/25/2014,382,382,16,20,21>Dear Amazing Culinary Fairy,Thank you for sprinkling your magic fairy dust over TOAST!  From the gorgeous ambiance, to the excellent food, to the fantastic service, it just couldn't get any better!Please thank your colleague, the Open Table Fairy, for getting me a reservation that provided us with a perfect booth beneath their 99 bottle chandeliers.  I was particularly impressed how those lights that are encased in the top half of cut bottles, match up to their water glasses (made from the bottom half of the bottles).  And then the water bottles placed on the table is the whole bottle to pull everything together....it's the little things about your fairy magic: I just love it.And the food is certainly Woohoo! As good as it gets!  I had the arugula salad with quinoa, beets and goat cheese in this light, tangy shallot vinaigrette which was delicious!  Then I had the grilled chicken breast that was served with a little horseradish cream that knocked my socks off.  As if it could get any better we finished with the boca negra which is a perfect chocolate torte of sorts and some truly special cheese.  Also did you sprinkle fairy dust over Brooke, our server?  She was perfect and reminded me of how great service can enhance a meal to over-the-top MAGICAL status!I will definitely be back.Sincerely,Robin L
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,6/24/2014,726,863,10,16,12>I really stalled on trying this place and am now kicking myself for not trying sooner. I deserve some epic embarrassment.For years, it's been a struggle for me to pick my favorite Oakland restaurant. I had many I liked, but had difficulty with the best. I understand this is a first world problem, and a nice one at that. I might be done struggling because Cana might top that list. It's so rare for me to enter a restaurant, see a deceptively small menu, and struggle to pick a dish because they all look good. It's more rare to have the opportunity to order and try all. But I did. And I still don't know my favorite dish. Was it the sweet, crispy plantains? Was it the filling, crispy empanadas? Was it the paella? Shoot, did I forget mojitos? See my trouble? I can't decide because I liked all of it. I strongly encourage going in a group and ordering family style. Unless you're good with choices...which I'm not!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,6/23/2014,158,177,6,14,12>Hidden among the rustling old growth trees and quiet homes of Kensington, there is a garden.  This garden hearkens back to the 1960s, when it served as the private residence and land of the President of the University of California.  After 2009, the Blake House was abandoned and the gardens became a teaching ground for the College of Environmental Design at UC Berkeley.  It is now open to the public between the hours of 8:00am and 4:30pm Monday through Friday, and is closed on the weekends and university holidays.As I strolled along the grassy path, I was immediately reminded of my childhood desire to frolic all day in a secret garden.  Admittedly, I got a little giddy and my heart started beating juuust a little faster when I realized this was probably the closest thing to a secret European garden that I've ever been to!  I began my self-tour of the gardens on the sharply sloped side of the Blake House.  Here, the sun was ablaze with a fiery white glow off of the water facing the San Francisco Bay.  My eyes scrunched up into little slits as I shaded my brow with my hand, gazing out to see the barely visible outline of the magnificent Golden Gate Bridge.  Warm, heat-loving plants soaked up the rays with unwavering zeal, while a few leafy bushes below a rocky outcrop provided shade for two foraging warblers. After watching the warblers and snapping some shots of the gorgeous red bark of a Manzanita tree, I wandered over to the more gently sloped, shadier side of the Blake House.  Right outside the front door of the Blake House, there is an Italian-style grotto with bowed staircases leading down to a long, rectangular, mirror-like pool.  Tiny ripples, disguised by the sun-dappled reflections of the gnarled old oaks above, gave away the presence of brightly colored koi.  It was fun watching them lazily swim through the still waters.  Once the koi had dispersed, I peered into the mirror pool and caught a glimpse of my own reflection.  It was like looking into a pensieve!  From this grotto, I found multiple other pathways that wove through other parts of the garden with new plants and meditation pools.  Around 4:25pm, I realized my bucolic dream was about to end, as the gardens were about to close.  I know it's an overused term, but Blake Garden is a true gem.  It's gorgeous, it's not so popular (right now), and it's free.  Come when you can, respect the space, and respect the quiet of the folks around you.  It's totally worth it :)
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,6/22/2014,628,530,10,13,9>Authentic Dim Sum with a sprinkle of hipsters who will brave the stoic staff and enter the battle to get Sui Mai (so popular it disappears right away).  They staff are quite tolerant, so noted by the fact that despite looking Chinese, my cousin and I do not speak a single word.  The amount of times we responded in English to Chinese without too many eye rolls was quite impressive.My absolute favorite are their black bean clams.  My cousin thought I was crazy because I kept dipping all of my dim sum in the amazing sauce.  Overall, I find most of their items to be quite good.  I'm not a fan of their egg custard buns though.  I love Dim Sum on carts.  Way more fun.  Best with a large group or a big appetite!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2014,6/21/2014,200,260,14,23,19>"We gotta get Geta!" I don't know how long I've been wanting to say that, but now that I've finally tried Geta, I can say with certainty that I'll be saying that phrase many, many more times.Literally the epitome of "hole in the wall," Geta houses at most five cramped tables and four small bar seats. Menus are set in each place, but the majority of fare can be found tacked to a board right next to the cash register. More dishes are handwritten on sticky notes and stuck in odd places around each table and bar seat, which oddly gives the place a genuine, naive sort of feel. The stream of to-go orders is endless once the place opens, which is understandable considering waiting for a table can be lengthy and frustrating.Service is friendly if frazzled and somewhat slow, and they try to serve as much of the order together as possible.The food is good, affordable, and unpretentious, but it wouldn't be the ideal spot for an upscale date. Uni nigiri:(yelp.com/biz_photos/geta…)Hamachi nigiri:(yelp.com/biz_photos/geta…)The uni here is one of the most affordable I've had yet, and it was super fresh. I also like that there wasn't too much rice on the bottom; just the right amount, in fact. The hamachi was fresh, but the fish on top was maybe a little thinner than I would've ideally liked. I've found that most of the nigiri here is super reasonably priced, and I'm a huge fan of that.Spicy tuna roll:(yelp.com/biz_photos/geta…)This was probably the best spicy tuna roll I've ever had. The tuna was flavorful, but it wasn't minced or chopped up like the kind other places tend to serve. It lent a good satisfying texture to the roll. I also like the fact that there are options for spicy tuna and avocado, spicy tuna and cucumber, even spicy tuna and wakame. Lobster roll:(yelp.com/biz_photos/geta…)This might have been my least favorite roll of the night, as I couldn't really taste the lobster in here. It was more of a lobster salad, and there was a kick to it that made me believe it had been mixed with wasabi. It wasn't necessarily bad, just not my favorite out of the dishes we ordered.Dragon roll:(yelp.com/biz_photos/geta…)The Dragon roll here didn't have the shrimp tempura in the middle like most other conventional Dragon rolls, but it was still pretty tasty. The unagi, avocado, and shrimp (also somewhat unconventional) on top were really fresh and had good flavor. The slight sweetness from the unagi sauce was palatable, especially because it wasn't slathered on and didn't oversaturate the other flavors.Spider roll (pictured in the middle):(yelp.com/biz_photos/geta…)The soft shell crab tempura was very well done here. It wasn't too battered or overfried, and the innards were quite juicy, just the way I like 'em. I wasn't thrilled with the way the pieces were slightly different sizes and stuck in the middle of the platter like it had been a second thought, but it wasn't too big of a deal considering the flavor was really good. I'll definitely be back, especially for the nigiri. Gotta get more Geta!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,6/20/2014,206,442,7,17,10>Posada...I like you a lotta.I dined here last night thanks to my friend Lamya's birthday.  Five girls, full of opinions and sass, and we all fell in love with this little gem.  Do NOT judge a book by its cover.  It's in a strip mall, next to a tattoo parlor, and to be honest I figured it was another taqueria.  Not even close.  This family has transformed the inside into a warm and cozy spot.We ordered many dishes and loved each one.  We started off with the Three Queso Fundido with Mango Berry Chutney ($7) and the Goat Cheese Truffles Three Ways with Grilled Kale and Sweet Peppers Confetti ($7).  For our entrees we ordered the Cajun Salmon and Crab Meat Salpicon ($17), New Mexico Enchilada with Smoked Vegetables ($12), Tostadas Two Ways ($8), BBQ Duck with Blue Corn Cakes and Red Cabbage Slaw ($9), and sides of the Grilled Corn ($3) and Open Fire Vegetables ($3).  And since it was my friend's birthday, they brought out their utterly scrumptious Dessert Nachos.The wine list was interesting in that the wine is grouped by winery, not varietal.  Fun for Livermorons but could be confusing for out-of-towners.  Also, I felt the price point was a bit too high.The owners are very involved and outgoing and you leave feeling like you just had dinner at a friendly neighbor's house, not a restaurant.  If they keep up the good work, they will be a success.  I implore you to visit Posada!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,6/19/2014,126,1452,18,21,20>Now that I'm a mom to a girl I've caught the girly bug.  Bows and ribbons and tutu's galore is what I say.Before my daughter was born I bought some really cute clip in bows for hair but alas my baby is bald.  They do have headbands but I'm not into those.  All of their hair accessories are really unique.I also found a cute little crown for future photo shoots.  Not to mention the really cute outfits they have.  Their stock is always changing and up to date with seasons.I'm not to sure about their event space but it looks fun.  I try to stop by when I'm in the area to see what she has for my little girl.Their current spring stuff is too cute!
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,6/18/2014,76,363,6,10,8>Quiznos closes and Capriotti's opens. I say that's a fair trade. Located conveniently in Todos Santos plaza Capriotti's is nothing short of amazing. The place had quite a few people in it which is always a good sign. Menu's on the wall as you wait in line, and my mouth dropped when I saw they make a 20 inch sandwich. The menu is a little short. A few signature sandwiches, plus a build your own sandwich and a variety of salads.We got up to the counter and the guy behind the register was really cool. They have a open kitchen so you can watch as they piece together your sandwich creation. Very clean dining room and kitchen. Everything on the inside was perfect. Now the real test, the food. Not only was my sandwich huge, ( I even recieved comments just seconds after leaving the place), but it looks amazing, and tasted even better. My god I can't remember the last time I had a sandwich this good. The pastrami was sliced thin, seasoned perfectly, and just melt in your mouth good. Add the Swiss cheese and the Russian dressing, and it's practically orgasmic. But what really impressed me was the coleslaw. I love coleslaw, and the coleslaw on my sandwich was awesome. Not too much mayo, not to much cabbage, just the right amount of everything. I was close to making a bet with Terri stating that I would save half for lunch tomorrow, and I would have lost that bet in about ten minutes, because I could not put the sandwich down. I'm already dreaming of my next visit.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,6/17/2014,151,178,22,33,26>I'll let you in on a secret: it is actually possible (easier, sadly, than one may imagine) to get a crappy bagel in NYC. A good bagel -- crusty on the outside; chewy, fairly dense and moist on the inside -- takes care, time, some boiling, and artisan attention to detail. There's a lot of expectation built by a store named "Authentic Bagel Company." However, the Brothers Scott do more than justice to the idealized symbol of what a good bagel should be. And, incorporate some West-coast sensibilities with their sour dough starter and kiss of honey during boiling. The result is a stand-alone, unique in its hybrid pedigree, yet dutiful to the ideals of an authentic NY bagel. Coaxed initially by a co-Yelper's musings of ABC's bacon egg & cheese bagel sandwich, this first sampling was enough to win my heart and stomach.  Classic American cheese oozing over thick, smokey bacon and the quick-fried egg; each bite wooing more godlike goo from the toasted onion bagel:yelp.com/biz_photos/auth…     yelp.com/biz_photos/auth…Second favorite is the classic poppy seed bagel (CLUSTERED with lots of poppy seeds, as it should be -- I can't believe an early reviewer complained about their abundance), toasted, with an ample schmear of plain cream cheese. Augmenting the tummy-hugging comfort of the bagels is the friendliness of Jason & Mark Scott, and equally cool R.J.  Fun in a genuine way, they believe in the community of Oakland and work and collaborate with other local enterprises. Their small shop is expanding soon to the space next door. That's a good start, lads ... but just keep your Oakland roots intact once that inevitable global domination's been achieved.Six stars if I could.  I like ABC so much, they're my inspiration for a new "Gluten Indulgence" list. If you're curious, or peckish, or looking for a carb-load, may I suggest a visit to Authentic Bagel Company. They're a holely delicious experience.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,6/16/2014,159,118,21,27,21>Your hipster is showing. That's what some of you might have been hoping to be greeted with at the door, right? Or maybe you're of the other mindset and have decided you don't like Philz. Maybe you're tapping your foot impatiently while waiting awkwardly next to the pastry cabinet reading this review and wondering how your friends have managed to convince you to come all the way up Shattuck when there are perfectly good cafes closer to Berkeley proper.Then the barista calls you, not by name but by the awesome shirt you were wearing, because they notice things like that. And asks you to make sure you love your drink before you pay. And is still somehow smiling through the never-ending stream of customers. Then you realize that the seemingly full wall socket is actually connected to a power strip, opening five new outlets just for you (and your neighbor, of course). Then you realize how close Cheeseboard is and in that moment, experience an epiphany - Gourmet Ghetto * (pizza + coffee) = college dining at its finest. It doesn't matter if you're no longer a student, who can say no to that combination?I guess this place isn't so bad after the initial culture shock, eh? :)Philz is the epitome of eclectic. From their diverse drink menu, worldly music (I had SoundHound/Shazam on nearly every other song), hodgepodge of seating, bathroom decorations, and most of all, customers, the Philz atmosphere is suited for pretty much anyone. Which sucks when you're trying to find a seat on the weekends, but patience, young Padawan. Meanwhile, if you're feeling overwhelmed by the drink menu, here's a few starters:- Arabian Treat Tea: sweet and fragrant, perfect with a little honey drizzle. It's dark but not bitter and warms from the inside out.- Mocha Tesora: the lightest, most fulfilling mocha I've ever had. It avoids being too chocolaty and sweet by retaining more of its coffee notes. Heck, I want me one right now. - Philz blend iced coffee: not sure what it's actually called, but this roast has a mixture of several of their famous blends and doesn't have too much coffee flavor if you're trying to enjoy a less bitey drink. They've got two unisex stalls past the Amazon pick-up wall, but I think they're prone to running out of paper towels. I suppose all that liquid has to go somewhere... But anyways, they have endless supplies of thick, high-quality Philz napkins scattered throughout the store so don't be shy and use them!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,6/15/2014,12,50,13,16,10>The first time my boyfriend and I walked into Le Petit Cochon, we were greeted with wide smiles and an enthusiastic, "WELCOME to Le Petit Cochon!"  The gentleman behind the counter politely inquired if it was our first time coming in.  We conceded that it was.  "Well, then," he chortled, waving his hand genially, "May I recommend our rotisserie chicken.  It is the best."  He was chuckling lightly, so we joined in with agreeable laughter.  Upon hearing our merriment, his face got suddenly somber, and his voice became very grave.  "No, seriously, though.  It. Is. The. Best." My boyfriend and I abruptly stopped laughing and exchanged glances.  Whoa.  This guy.  He takes chicken seriously.  OK, Buddy, we get it.  But we did end up taking his advice, and what can I say? The man knows his chicken.   We got it to take-away, and thank goodness-- because we were making all sorts of awkward noises as we tasted how delectable, tender, and perfectly seasoned each bite of chicken was.  Not a single bland piece.  And my boyfriend, who goes crazy for crispy chicken skin, was over the moon.  It may not be the cheapest rotisserie'd bird in town, but by golly, it is--in the words of our chicken guru--the best. We've since been back many a time for, yep, more chicken.  We've also had the vegetarian tart, some of the sandwiches, and salads.  The tart is worth a try, but the sandwiches and salads are a little expensive for what you get.  They also have a refrigerated section with pre-made food items for a quick get-away.  And, they have a small selection of imported French grocery items.  Cookies, crackers, sardines, condiments---and if you need a $69.99 can of black truffles, Le Petit Cochon has got you covered.It's an interesting mix of a deli, a store, and a small-service restaurant.  Mostly, though, this is our go-to take-away spot for rotisserie chicken.  Le Petit Cochon?  More like Le Grand Poulet.  Miam miam!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,6/14/2014,174,447,9,26,13>I walk my pug Sweet Pea past this location almost daily. Disclaimer - I adore shellfish beyond what is normal.  I could live life without another delicious rib eye steak, but the thought of never again enjoying a sea creature with a shell brings a tear to my eye.   Since I found out that crab would be a signature dish, I have been anxiously waiting and anticipating the opening of this new restaurant in Uptown. My expectations were high and alaMar does not disappoint.  You can feel the love that went into this restaurant that serves New American cuisine.  The service is attentive and top notch.  It was noticeable, authentic and improves the dining experience. Some places leave your feeling like customers are an annoyance.  It takes me to a happy place when I feel like my business is truly valued and appreciated.I love the design; the space is  very comfortable with a modern feel and nautical splashes. Every dish is appropriate to eat with your hands, so the communal sink is a unique and special touch. The dog friendly, outdoor patio was a delightful surprise.  It is on Valdez which is not a busy street and is perfect.  The gorgeous heat lamps come in handy and add to the decor.alaMar  is serious about cocktails and the bar is fantastic. That's All Folks cocktail (5 stars)- vodka, carrot and ginger concoction was delightful. I knew it was the start of a culinary love affair when I saw Gruner Veltliner (5 stars) on the white wine menu. One of my favorite varietals and they serve a good one at a decent price point.Now on to the food.  Its a great place to go with a group because the food is meant for sharing. The fries are a tasty appetizer but they are best described as potato crisps not fries (4 stars). I would suggest they add real pomme frites because they would be a perfect accompaniment to several dishes. The crab poppers are tasty, the crab is really fresh but I do not need to waste stomach space with the thick coating (3.5 stars).  After 2 tastings I will skip them next time.The shrimp boil with romesco butter looks great and tastes better (4.5 stars).  Loved the subtle flavors.   The mussels (4 stars) were also delicious with a creamy saffron and basil sauce.  Delightful.  The signature dish is the chili crab (6.5 stars) which is flavored with lemon verbena and coconut cream.  Good crab is hard to find so I could wax poetic for hours but instead will rate it 6.5 stars.  The crab was so flavorful, delicate and tasty. I did not even need the sauce which was decadent and scrumptious. Would be perfect with the previously mentioned desired french fries. alaMar is a neighborhood hotspot. This place gets a 5 star review because on both my visits,  I was anticipating my next visit while still there. Highly, highly  recommend for any seafood lover who appreciates great food, service and ambiance.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,6/13/2014,303,540,7,17,14>So happy that Off The Grid has found a home in Concord - talk about starting your weekend right!We arrived to feast around 11:20 and I definitely recommend that as the crowd was reasonable when we arrived, and swarming as we headed out.  Lots of chairs were set up for diners, so it was all very convenient.  There were 8-9 trucks parked for lunch, some definitely more popular than others.  It wasn't a big surprise that Chinese bbq places had modest lines, I think people are definitely wanting to sample things less easy to come by.  Music played as we dined, which was very pleasant!  And while I was happy to hear the live tunes when the band  started playing originals, ordering food became a lot more difficult - too loud and too close.  There must be a solution!Since this was our first food truck experience, we wanted to really pig out and sample lots of goodies.  Round 1 included the The Mustang and tater tots from Drewski's Hot Rod Kitchen, and the Barbacoa sandwich from Peruvian truck Sanguchon.  I was drawn to the Barbacoa because any BBQ sauce made with cola perks my ears all up.  It was a decent sandwich, sauce and meat flavors were good, and the texture elements of coleslaw and potato chips made it fun to eat.  Nothing on earth could have topped that Mustang sandwich though - EPIC!  Korean BBQ beef, kimchi, daikon, wasabi aioli and cheese, all together to make one insane grilled cheese!  Super flavorful and savory, and their garlic rosemary tater tots were fried to golden perfection and were fabulous! Round 2 was almost nerve-wracking because Round 1 went so well!  We got the beef tacos from Korean truck Seoul on Wheels, and because of its insane reputation and long line, I ordered the steamed bun with spicy chicken from The Chairman.  The tacos were my least favorite of what we tried, they took a very long time to come up and weren't overly flavorful.  The chicken bun from the Chairman was AMAZING!  Delicious chicken with a yummy Thai peanut sauce and pickled veggies on the tasty steamed bun, priced right at only $3.25.  I can't imagine visiting OTG and not getting that delicious sammie!For about $30 bucks 2 of us ate a delicious 4 course meal of yummy eats!  Bring your adventurous foodie friends and enjoy!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,6/12/2014,654,850,10,15,11>It was a Helluva 2 days. It was brewery, brewery, brewery, tasting room. During that 2 days of rambling beer touring & drinking, the very 1st brewery visited was Sierra Nevada all the way up in Chico. & that's why the end of that 2 day run was right here in the Torpedo Room.It was at Sierra Nevada in Chico where I learned of the existence of the Torpedo Room & its recent opening. It was like manna from Heaven. Out of nowhere, there was now a Sierra Nevada tasting room close to home & just down the street from work.I had to go. It was imperative. Besides, I had an empty Sierra Nevada growler that I had picked up while touring the brewery in Chico. Now, to be clear, Torpedo Room is a tasting room that also fills growlers. It's not a bar or a taproom in the fullest sense & that's an important distinction.4 oz. pours is all you'll get here.* This is not the place to come if you're looking to knock back a pint or 2. But, the 4 oz. tasters are only like a buck or 2 apiece & you can taste as much as you like. It's a fantastic way to get to know Sierra Nevada beers that may not be available anywhere else outside Chico.The room itself is a sleek concrete, glass, wood & steel space with lots of laboratory glassware & brewing ingredients as decorating accents. The bar can get pretty crowded & service does bog down as staff takes the time to describe the beers in tasting flights. But service, overall, isn't really any slower than at a comparably busy bar.Since my 1st visit, I've been back a bunch. Sometimes just for a quick taster or 2 after work. Sometimes to fill a growler. The location is too convenient for me to pass up. After visiting Sierra Nevada in Chico & seeing everything that goes into making these beers, I feel lucky that the Torpedo Room landed where it did. It's like manna from Heaven, only better because it's beer.*Thursdays are cask day. Every Thursday, a different Sierra Nevada beer will be available on cask. With the cask beer, there's the option to get an 8 oz. pour in a Sierra Nevada glass that you get to keep.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,6/11/2014,246,234,13,19,16>Looking for a Japanese date night place or a restaurant that can accommodate a large group? Mika's is your place. Walking distance from Concord/Pleasant Hill BART station, this is a great meet up restaurant regardless of where you are in the bay area. Keep in mind this restaurant is NOT located in the heart of Walnut Creek, near the shopping centers. It's closer to Concord/PH.The ambiance is very nice, consisting of Red walls, booths and sushi bar seating. Several Japanese artifacts adorn the walls. I think what surprised me and my honey was the music. It's not your typical, waterfall or ocean sounds that you hear in most Japanese restaurants. They were actually playing music from today hit stations (example Pit Bull, Justin Timberlake, Katy Perry and etc.)Service is not the greatest, meaning it takes a long time until the waitress takes your order or fills your drink cup. Nonetheless, the wait staff are very friendly, which kind of makes it hard to get upset.This place is great for all eaters (carnivore, pescatarian, omnivores, vegetarians and vegans) they have an extensive menu selection.Our favorite dishes are:VEGETABLE-TOFU CURRY with UDON NOODLE, the curry soup base is what makes this dish, very flavorful.VEGAN GYOZA the crunchy side compliments the steam gyoza. SOBA SUSHI...when I first read this sushi, we were hesitant to order it, but we figured we'll try it out. I am happy we did because the soba noodle actually taste better than sushi rice. We ordered several fried rolls but was not a fan of them. The sauce did not compliment the roll and lacked crunch from the deep fried. I'm definitely a fan of this place for the fact they provide several vegan options. If they work on their service and the sauces for both entrees and rolls, this would be a 5 star for sure.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,6/10/2014,309,479,5,15,11>We came to Angkor Grill for dinner with a friend who highly recommended that we give it a try.  I was looking forward to checking out Angkor and having my first experience with Cambodian cuisine. Arriving at 6:30, we were promptly seated.  The restaurant has a clean feel to it with its wood paneled walled, tiled floors and I liked that the tables were nicely spaced apart. Our order:Lemongrass noodles:  a savory noodle soup cooked with fish, lemongrass and spices with fresh vegetables.  A generous amount of rice vermicelli noodles with julienned carrots and cucumber slices.  A simple yet very tasty bowl of soup. (yelp.com/biz_photos/angk…) (yelp.com/biz_photos/angk…)Scallops and prawns:  sautéed prawns and scallops with asparagus, garlic and mint leaves.  The seafood was nicely seasoned and perfectly cooked. (yelp.com/biz_photos/angk…)Basil beef: sautéed beef with asparagus, red peppers, basil, and chili sauce. Beef was tender and the dish utilized a sauce similar to the scallop and prawn dish.  (yelp.com/biz_photos/angk…)Sweet basil fried rice with chicken:  fried rice with basil, chili, garlic, almonds and some pineapple chunks.  The slices of chicken looked overcooked, but they were actually very tender and moist. (yelp.com/biz_photos/angk…)Coconut rice:  got bowl to try.  Lots of coconut flavors infused into the rice. (yelp.com/biz_photos/angk…)Deep fried bananas with coconut ice cream.  The ice cream was very good, but felt the deep fried bananas were just ok compared to ones I've had at Vietnamese and Thai restaurants. The batter needed more flavors. (yelp.com/biz_photos/angk…)Overall, a nice experience with Cambodian cuisine at Angkor.   Will be back to try out other items on the menu.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,6/9/2014,142,274,8,12,13>Like everyone else, we came for the 7 courses of beef.  I felt a little shy ordering it since my fiancé told me this is usually served at weddings and other celebrations, so I made up a fake reason to celebrate in my head in case someone asked.Now, I'm mentally preparing for an agonizing sling of beef hitting my stomach like a brick, but it was surprisingly refreshing!  Especially with a lychee martini riding shotgun.  The majority of the meal, at least time-wise, is spent in a make-your-own-spring-roll type of situation.  They start you off with a lovely beef salad and beef carpaccio and before you know it your table is stacked with plates of condiments you have no idea what to do with.  First comes the dried rice paper.  Then the plate of various herbs and veggies.  Finally, a bowl of hot water?  (NOT for cleaning your hands after the carpaccio!  ...I know that now.)  You sit in agonizing suspense, wondering what's coming next.  If the water is not for rinsing, what could it possibly be for?!  Then it comes, rearing around the bend -- the rotund plate of beef rolls.  Grilled beef lot leaf, grilled beef lemongrass, beef sausage...  and everything starts to fall into place.  The rice paper is dipped in the hot water and all your fixin's are wrapped in it.  Duh!  It was tough going at first, but halfway through I found my inner spring roll wrapping master.  Just when you think, "Whew, that was good, I can't eat anymore," you remember the beef meatball still sitting on your plate and the beef porridge that's making its way over to you as you speak.  So you take a deep breath, mumble a few feel-good mantras under your breath, and dig in.  You can do it!  I believe in you!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,6/8/2014,1948,4780,9,11,11>First of all, just saying Neo-Indian Gastropub sounds really cool rolling off the tongue. Kanishka's immediately caught Gayle's attention when they first opened, and finally on an early Sunday evening, we wandered into the WC and gave them a try. Here's what Gayle posted on her Facebook page after we returned home:Just got home from first foray into Kanishka's in Walnut Creek. Indian fusion, small plates, gastropub. My taste buds are in heaven!Plus we got to watch the Academy Awards and meet the owner as a special treat. Another humorous bonus is reading other reviews that seem surprised at the concept of "small plates". Yes, this isn't Midwest comfort food in large portions, and yes the bill can add up quickly if you don't choose strategically. Yet, getting to sample and nibble from a neat variety of Indian-infused choices, was great fun for me and my amazing Wife. A friend of mine once opined that "If she wasn't crying, it wasn't curry". The Kanishka's version did make me head sweat, which was good enough for me. We sampled 4 dishes of which the Lamb Sliders and the Chicken Korma Poutine (served over Paprika Kennebac Fries) were our favorites. As Gayle is still raving about Kanishka's, I'm sure we'll be back, with or without a  Bifsteak Booster before or after.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,6/7/2014,396,132,7,13,12>I'm so happy this taco truck is located in Fremont! Taco Negris makes some of the most flavorful burritos and tacos I've ever had in my life! In the past 5 years, I have tried sooo much Mexican food and burritos and you really don't get this amount of flavor often. A lot of reviews rave about their asada, shrimp or pastor, but I find that their chicken is just as amazing. Very often, chicken tends to be overcooked and dry when grilled for Mexican food and can lack flavor, but not the chicken at Taco Negris! The flavor is practically grilled into the chicken that is still juicy and soft. Asada can be a little dry, especially if not enjoyed immediately, but still packs a lot of flavor. The chicken super burrito was especially amazing to me, personally. Instead of guacamole, they give you chunks of avocado which can be both good and bad. The good thing is the the flavor is more concentrated and stronger but the bad is that it's not spread throughout the burrito. Their tortilla is not very thick, which allows the flavor to be tasted in every bite. Someone said that the burrito is dry without the sour cream and beans, but I find that the burrito is juicy and PERFECT (the chicken one.) If you like chicken like me, you won't regret getting the chicken super burrito or the chicken taco!! (:
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,6/6/2014,99,208,5,11,8>For at least once in your life, you should have an unforgettable dining experience. One where you feel like your every need is anticipated, where you're waited on hand and foot, where all your senses are stimulated. And most importantly, you get to stuff your face. In a classy way, though, that doesn't involve a mountain of food that sits on a plate in front of you, challenging you until the every last morsel is consumed (but don't get me wrong- I'm not above that at all). Our night consisted of 8 delightful courses, a nice bottle of wine we brought ourselves and impeccable service. 1st course: caramelized onion financier (eat this second) and radish and white sturgeon caviar in shellfish emulsion. One of my favorites! Brought to the table by Chef himself, even though I didn't know it at the time. Love the financier. 2nd course: oyster covered in frozen cider with rosemary and wood smoke. What beautiful presentation! Each ingredient's flavor contributed to the dish in its own way and had its own "moment" to shine. 3rd course: Dungeness crab with anise and celery in fragrant lime bouillon. A very subtle dish. Again, extremely beautifully crafted and presented. 4th course: slow poached egg yolk with sweet and savory spices with warm potato. The warm potato is poured into the bowl right before you break the yolk. I love dishes like this that require some restraint and make you think- wait, how do you eat this? 5th course: cod confit, sabayon of clams with artichoke and young green garlic. How you cook a fish to be so tender it is one degree away from being raw is beyond me. This is why I eat out- to eat things I will never be able to cook myself! The artichoke with the garlic was to-die-for. 6th course: braised oats with pork, mustard, dried blueberries and red beetroot. I was feeling unsatisfied until I got this dish. The sweet and savory flavors were married seamlessly. Totally unexpected and unique. 7th course: tisane of button mushrooms. Hands down one of my favorites. We were trying to guess what kind of mushrooms went into this amazing concoction, only to read the menu afterwards and see... Button?! The taste was so concentrated. My taste buds were looooooving it. A very seemingly simple (and quick) dish but probably took a good amount of time to make. Understated and elegant. 8th course: roast fowl with hen of the wood mushrooms, stinging nettles and crisp millet. My fiancée's favorite. So impossibly tender. Not until this meal did I know about these mushrooms and now I am love! Cheese course: beer washed goat's cheese with golden raisins. Served in between some sort of pastry. I put this entire thing in my mouth and shouldn't have. I'm not a big fan of goat cheese and was overwhelmed by the taste. Should have taken small bites. Desserts: perfumed sour apples with majoram, pistachio and sage caramel; mignardise (aka petit fours). A piece of edible art. There were 2 petit fours I didn't care for too much. The chocolate mint bon-bon was not only beautiful, the creaminess was decadent and a perfect way to end such a wonderful meal. I also have to comment on the staff- because so many different people came over to refill our waters and wine, run the food, give us bread, etc., it didn't seem like we were being overwhelmed. It  felt as if we were being waited on by the entire front-of-house staff. Everyone was so unbelievably professional. My congratulations to the cooks- what wonderfully creative and unique dishes you have made. I will most likely never taste anything remotely close to what you've created. Everything was amazing and we left with not only full bellies, but an experience we will remember. Thank you to everyone who made our anniversary memorable.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,6/5/2014,155,167,10,13,8>When I was in high school, my friend, B, and I tried to get jobs at the local Starbucks.  Alright.  ONE of the THREE Starbucks in Union City.  The moment I knew it wasn't going to work out?  Well, when the woman behind the counter asked if we were applying to be baristas and my friend and I shook our heads and said, "No, we'd just like to be the people that make the coffee."  I don't think I've ever seen a look like the one she gave us either before or since.  Which, I believe, is a good thing.Starbucks barista dreams were totally dashed, but I am now liking the sound of being a Smitten Brrista.   Except I would probably be fired within a few weeks for excessive ice cream consumption (and filching away liquid nitrogen for at-home ice cream creations).My friend, O, and I walked over here while Jules got to baking our gluten-free Kim's pie.  The moment we walked in, we immediately wanted to bottle the delicious scent of fresh cones that greeted us.  Mm mm.  I found that their menu was an actual delight to read (keeping that delicate balance between too many and too few choices).  The flavors available that day (Saturday, 4/12/14), were:Rhubarb CrispSalted CaramelFresh Mint ChipTCHO 60.5% ChocolateClassica VanillaIf we hadn't already ordered a pizza, I would have made a lunch out of the TCHO 60.5% Chocolate and Fresh Mint Chip.  But we did, and this little piggy reigned her cravings in and decided to get just one small serving of... the choice was agonizing until my friend told me that she was getting the fresh mint chip and that I could totally have a taste (or two, or three, just not the whole thing).  I almost went with TCHO, until I remembered another friend Instagramming a photo of the rhubarb crisp with roasted walnuts, brown sugar caramel, and fresh whipped cream.  Totally against the chocoholic code, I went with the rhubarb crisp.As I saw them make my order (which is such a treat!), I felt a little wave of panic rise in me.  How could I have so casually tossed aside my protos agape, chocolate, for this foreign rhubarb crisp.  And wasn't rhubarb a *gasp* VEGGIE-TABLE?  My fears were completely unfounded, though.  The rhubarb crisp was amazing.  I don't know how they made that thing like pie a la mode in a cup, but it just was.  I took the offered three tastes of my friend's Fresh Mint Chip and that blew me away, too.  I wouldn't mind that mint chip wanting to get fresh with me at any time.1 Small Fresh Mint Chip - 4.751 Small Rhubarb Crisp - 5.25I will DEFINITELY be back.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,6/4/2014,384,246,8,19,12>Macaron aficionado here. I love me some Macarons.When I see Macarons, I buy (well, if the macaron size & price match).Chocolate, peach saffron, strawberry balsamic, yuzu, cassis, pistachio, & salt caramel were the flavorflavs ordered @ $1.25 each. Each macaron tasted like the said flavor. Chocolate, peach s, strawberry b, pistachio, and salt c. YUM. Yuzu and cassis on the other hand...were foreign flavors, but they tasted 'licious ;DConsistency? Nice crunchy exterior shell, soft and chewy interior middle. They were on point!Service was topnotch. Friendly lady behind the counter notified us of the most popular flavorflavs and recommended others. When my friend and I sat down to enjoy our macarons from the paper bag, the lady bought over little plates and glasses of water for us (w/o us even asking). Now that is going above and beyond.I would definitely walk here from the Bart station again. Teehee.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,6/3/2014,106,154,8,19,15>My experiences here are limited to Sunday Dollar Days, but we've been coming to them for the last few years now. We always sit in the Thoroughbred Club area (middle deck with the large awning) right by the finish line. We've brought our 4 year old daughter in the past too and she's always had a good time. There's a lot going on at this place so I'll start from the beginning. PARKING - Free parking on the street leading up to the track. Parking on the hill can range from $7-$10 for all day parking. The walk from the street isn't bad and there has always been plenty of spots available each time we've gone. ADMISSION - On dollar days admission is only $1 (normally $6) to get into the open stands right by the track. Sitting in the covered Thoroughbred Club area costs $3 on Sundays (normally $8), but its worth it if you want a good view of the whole track and to stay out of the elements. I don't have experience with the Turf Club (the fancy pants area where you can watch the race through the windows and TV screens), but admission is $15 on a Dollar Day and Saturdays, regularly $10. STAFF - The staff we've met and talked to have been friendly. The lady who checks the Thoroughbred Club cards to make sure you're not sneaking in to the area remembers my boyfriend and I each time we've come. It might help that my boyfriend is a 6'4" red headed guy with mutton chops and that we sit in the same area each time too though. The people working the cash out area get us out of there fast. I do wish that there was more than one person working the bar though. She gets slammed and you're left waiting to just talk to her for well over 10 minutes sometimes. While I'm talking about the staff too, the lady working the Cup of Joe coffee hut makes a mean French Vanilla latte. While I was drinking it all I could think of was wanting to stand in a French Vanilla latte waterfall and guzzle down as much as I could. Seriously. Very unexpected awesomeness there!FACILITIES - Okay, so the place could use a coat or two of paint here and there. It could definitely benefit from a face lift during the off season. However though, if you've been to enough racetracks I think I can safely say this isn't likely to be the worst you've gone to. It's kept clean inside except for all the non-winning tickets of the day that litter the floor inside and out (something that's to be expected at any racetrack). The bathrooms are well stocked and maintained throughout the day too. There's several options for food while you're here also (even on a dollar day!). There's a basic cafe kind of deal upstairs where you can get salads, nachos and more. There's a bar as I've mentioned right behind the cafe too. Outdoors you'll find a BBQ stand grilling up all sorts of yumminess for around $8-$10 a pop. The Cup of Joe coffee hut serves up all your iced and hot coffeehouse favorites for an average of $4 a cup. The gift shop also has snacks if $1 hot dogs and beer aren't your thing. If you have kids, check out the paddock area too. They'll be able to get really close to the horses down there. Oh, and did I mention this place has free WiFi too? THE CROWD - You'll see ladies wearing fancy dresses with floppy hats and designer heels as well as people who clearly spend way too much time at the track (and not enough time in the shower). It's all part of the experience. If you don't want to deal with the riff-raff pay the extra money and sit in the Thoroughbred Club area and only venture down for beer and hot-dog seeking missions.If you've never been to the track, make a visit here on a Sunday and check it out without blowing a bunch of money on admission and food. I've had no problem bringing my own snacks and drinks in either, so that's an option too. Overall, if you have kids or just wanna see what all the fuss is about - give it a try! Great way to spend the afternoon!
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,6/2/2014,662,352,10,18,14>This is a great addition to Downtown Walnut Creek in an excellent location, right across the street from CREAM.If you have a hankering for oodles and oodles of sweet treats, you'll be in heaven here!The store reminds me of my favorite candy shoppe at Cannery Row in Monterey. Now I can just head downtown to satisfy my sweet-tooth : )Any sort of candy that you can imagine! Giant Gummy Bears! Giant Pixy Stix! Giant Lollipops! Oh my!Lining the walls in clear plastic bins or in cute, tin pails; on bookcase-like shelves; and on tables in the middle of the store. Old timey baskets on both the wall and on the floor are filled with lots of different taffy flavors.They have so many different types of candy! There are even shelves of candy specifically for wine pairing, celebrations, and gifts of packaged chocolates.Speaking of gifts, if you can't eat all of the sweet treats yourself, you can get a gift basket or even a card to go along with your gift. They have a large rack full of cards to choose from as well.Many of the candies are marked with prices, but some of the loose candy -- including the rock candy pops -- is not. They use a scale to weigh it to determine the price. Some have a standard price, e.g. 1/4 lb. of taffy is $2.75.And if you're really on a diet, pick up one of their handbags *made from candy wrappers* and imagine the candy that was once inside of said wrappers : )It's a pleasant touch when the owners hand out taffy samples to passers-by to entice them to enter the store : )Welcome to the neighborhood!
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,6/1/2014,255,95,5,9,7>When you think South Shore/Town Center in Alameda, you don't think a great date restaurants.  Nestled in the interior portion of South Shore is this beautiful modern restaurant with great food.  The atmosphere is very upscale without the semi formal clothing and white table cloth.  The service was great and they were on top of our every need.  Apparently, the chef is one of the chefs from Il Fornaio that decided to branch off and make his own restaurant.Food was delicious and every bite had great flavor.Calamari: 5/5 lightly battered and can enjoy the flavor of the squid with a hint of lemon juice and dipping sauce.Salad (Invernale):  5/5 mixed greens with different flavors for the palette from bitter greens, bleu cheese to the sweetness from the fruits.  The vinaigrette dressing was delicious and eating all the components at once was like heaven in my mouth.Chitarrine al Cacao: 4.5/5  Cocoa powder pasta with a red sauce and shredded rabbit.  The shredded rabbit had good texture and flavor.  The tomato based sauce was very flavorful but not enough to overpower the taste of the rabbit.  Excellent touch.    This dish did not look like a lot of food but it was very filling.Ravioli con Coda: 4/5 Ravioli with braised ox tail.  Comes with 4 decent sized raviolis but wouldn't be enough for me by itself.   My girlfriend got this dish so the portion size was okay with her.  Like every other dish we tried the flavor was fantastic.  The ox tail was the main flavor from the dish.Pumpkin Creme Brule: 3.5/5 Was a creamy pumpkin filling with light sugar on top.  The sugar was coated unevenly and one side was thicker than the other.Most italian places are as expensive as Trabacoo but not half as good.  I will be coming back here whenever I'm in the mood for some Italian.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,5/31/2014,518,346,8,12,11>My new favorite korean restaurant in the Bay!Casserole House serves authentic korean food with impeccable service. My favorite part? No crazy wait times! The casseroles are delicious and can serve up to 4-5 people. They are similar to taste as soon tofu; you eat the soup with rice. They are about $30, which is a great deal considering Casserole House serves side dishes (very fresh and great variety), onion pancake as an appetizer, herbal tea, and the rice drink for dessert. If I am not mistaken, the price of the casserole also includes rice. The waitress and owner were SO sweet and accommodating. They were very attentive and fulfilled all our requests with smiles - whether it be refills on the side dishes, more tea, or questions we had. The owner was very friendly, and she even explained to us how she made some of the dishes. At the end of our meal, they came over and made fried rice for us using the leftover soup. SO good. I will definitely come back time and time again when I crave korean food. No unreasonable wait time (unlike one of their competitors, AND they serve better food), great service, and delicious food at reasonable prices. I love Casserole House!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,5/30/2014,223,178,5,16,7>One of the more fun places to hike (and climb!) in Fremont and remains my go-to trail  whenever friends want to try something new! If you want a fun twist to the same ol' routine then stop by here and visit Little Yosemite-- a beautiful section along the stream that is lined with boulders that you have to climb up and over with mini waterfalls along the way. If you're feeling more adventurous, walk in the water the entire way up or even, I dare say, jump off a ledge into the ponds! They're not deep so be cautious but it always looks like a lot of fun when others do it! If not, you can bring a bathing suit and take a swim although space is very limited in the swimmable areas or just perch yourself up on a boulder and throw yourself a little picnic! This is an awesome place for a semi-short hike and if you're looking to do a little bit more than just hike. Truly a gem in Fremont!
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,5/29/2014,163,180,5,13,6>I've changed my mind about Buddy's and I'm giving them an extra star. Why five stars? Buddy's continues to exceed my expectations each time I go. I'm always happy with my food/drink selections and never leave disappointed. Some of my recent discoveries at Buddy's include:- Red eye fries: I've tried them with the sriracha sauce on the side (less soggy and less spiciness overload) and with added chicken. Crispy, gooey yumminess. - Breaded snapper burger: The fish is fried to perfection and the sauce gives it an unexpected tangy kick. Far from your McDonald's Filet-O-Fish. I never expected a fish sandwich to be so good! Get it with garlic fries, it's well worth the extra $1. - Electric Feel: The combination of strawberry lemonade and soju is refreshing! You can barely taste the alcohol, so keep in mind that this drink can be a creeper. I also recommend trying their fish tacos and brunch menu, especially their bottomless mimosas. Their strawberry mimosa is my favorite, but they also offer pineapple and orange. Buddy's offers many different specials throughout the week which gives you an extra incentive to stop by. I recommend using their app to earn rewards if you're a regular. Buddy's has great food, drinks, music (a cool collection of alternative, rock and old school music, lots of stuff I grew up listening to) and service! Buddy's is a great addition to Hayward.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,5/28/2014,202,466,7,12,12>This is the epitome of local flavor. I give it five stars, not because it is the most amazing modern bar ever, but because it is simply the only one of its kind. It does not even try to be anything but itself, all slanted, historic, cramped, bare-bones, amiable, unassuming, dark parts of itself. This is a great place to chill with a few friends and a strong, no-frills cocktail... and to wonder about all the stories that have inevitably passed through the place  from other lifetimes.  No sugar coating or trendiness here (despite the presence of hipsters); just a single down-to-earth bartender behind a sloped bar and simple drinks in a (very) old itty bitty wooden shack.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,5/27/2014,206,268,5,10,8>After a spontaneous dinner at Cheeseboard, my honey surprised me by taking me to a wine bar.  We got the corner table near the window and was able to cozy up and listen to the rain fall outside while wrapping up our Friday night date night with a glass of wine.  The service was friendly, the wine was amazing and the list of wines they had was impressive.  Mostly European wines and plenty of organic choices to choose from.  Our 2 glasses costed around $27 total which I deemed a bit on the pricey end.  The inside decor was interesting.  A mixture of modern and organic seemed a bit clashing for me.  If it was me, I would tone down the shiny metal feel in the bar area and dim the lights.  Voila, now you have ambiance.Overall a great little place to stop by and have a glass of wine.  I was delighted to find that it's next door from my favorite restaurant in Rockridge, A Cote.  Will have to stop by again when I'm in the area.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,5/26/2014,132,150,7,18,9>Certainly, a viable local alternative to the ridiculous lines at Bakesale. And if you're looking for more than just fried chicken and coleslaw between two rolls, this is the place to be. There are enough sandwich options to accommodate most moods and the couple I've had (Pesto and Waffle) were quite good. A tip though: Don't order the Chicken and waffle to-go, that is unless you like your waffles crisp-less.  Oh, and they have best fries on the planet! At least that's what's advertise on the menu, and from my limited time and experience on this earth, I have no reason to try to refute that claim. And on top of the fries being dang good, a single order is less than $2. Service: All my experiences here were pleasant. Really couldn't ask for more.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,5/25/2014,182,323,6,13,10>Ici and La Med go hand-in-hand whenever I venture down College Ave. for a culinary adventure. Sometimes I can't wait and go straight for dessert first! With its ever-changing menu of various seasonal flavors, there's never a wrong time to visit Ici (but I'm the kind of girl who craves ice cream in the middle of winter). And you can try as many samples as you want!Some personal favorite ice cream flavors:+ Earl grey or any type of tea+ Pumpkin creme brulee+ Anything with coffee+ Sorbets for something light and refreshingAnd I highly recommend getting a HANDMADE SUGAR CONE...enjoy your scoop of ice cream and be surprised by chocolate at the very end! (What's not to love?!) You can enjoy your sweet treat inside the shop (there are a few seats along the windows) or I like to take my dessert to-go and window shop down College Ave. And if you're feeling parched, they offer complimentary water and sparkling water in the pitchers on the left.Things to note:- I've never had to wait more than 15 mins...even with a line out the door. However, a good time to come is during summer or winter breaks when the majority of college kids are out of town. If this is your first time, Ici is well worth the wait!
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,5/24/2014,284,258,9,12,10>GO TO DISNEYLAND, IN OAKLAND!Seriously, this place makes me feel like i'm sitting in Disney's Tiki Room. Except I'm listening to Sonic Youth and not those awful singing birds. The bartenders here are so wonderful and they whip up some equally wonderful drinks. I'm a beer and whiskey gal, but when you're here you get a cocktail.The macadamia nut chi-chi is your first order of business. I came here grumpy after work the other day and this thing was so darn good it got rid of my bitchy resting face. $9 for that thing is a steal compared to SF prices.*there's a volcano that periodically erupts*they take cards*so yeah, get yourself here
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,5/22/2014,341,458,11,20,14>I was a little torn when I first heard the buzz about Acqua e' Farina.  On the one hand, I am always delighted to see a new independent restaurant in downtown Hayward.  I think we're heading in the right direction by avoiding chains.  On the other hand, we already have a favorite Hayward Italian joint.  It feels disloyal to try another.  However, the thumbs up from my trusted friend Suzy tipped the scales.I've been there twice now.  My first visit was a date night in the cozy and charming back room.  It was a solid 4+ stars.  My second visit was just me and my minis on a Friday night, in the elegant front room.  It was perfection, a good five stars.Both times, the food was nearly flawless.  The starter bread is very tasty.  The salad was delicious (not withstanding the overly strong red onions).  The lasagna, the ravioli, and the specials were all really good.  The desserts and coffee were perfect toppers.But what really put Acqua e' Farina over the top for both our visits is the service.  Our server, Erika, was fantastic - super efficient, warm and sweet.  She was on top of it.  The manager was also extremely attentive, chatting with us and making sure that we had everything we needed.  I'm happy to have Acqua e' Farina in Hayward.  It's going to be difficult to support both this and our other favorite Hayward Italian joint, but I think I'm up for the task.  Mmm...
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,5/21/2014,363,125,5,13,11>I went to this restaurant because I heard about their Happy Hour at the bar. After coming in to watch a sports game a couple of times, I can say that it's worth the visit! The Happy Hour is everyday (except for holidays) from 3 pm to 7 pm. There's a cocktail of the day which is $4.00 and all beers are $3.00 each. The daily cocktail is varied enough so that each day will taste different. From Vodka Martinis to Tequila Sunrises, you'll have something new and unique each day for an affordable price. The selection of beers is pretty standard (Shocktop, IPA, etc.) and it's not too expensive. Since this place is classier, they don't offer pitchers of beers which is a bit disappointing but expected.The restaurant also offers Happy Hour food (3pm -7pm daily, except holidays). I ordered the chicken and waffles which was delicious! The chicken wasn't too salty or too crunchy. I thought it was cooked just right and had enough flavor. The waffles were also pretty good and served with butter & maple syrup. The price wasn't too expensive at $8.00 and satisfied my stomach.The bar itself isn't too bad either. There's enough room for a decent crowd and there's three flat screen TVs to show which sports game is on. The decor is pretty fancy and the selection of liquor is decent. The bartenders are also dressed classy and friendly if you want to have conversation. The service was pretty good and I haven't had any problems thus far.     My only complaints are that it can really cramped on weekends because of the small space and it can also get really loud. So if you're expecting a nice quiet evening, you might get disappointed.  This has become my one of my new Happy Hour places. It's a tad bit classier than other bar & restaurants and has a decent-sized bar. Plus, their cocktails of the day are pretty good and cheap. Check this place out if you're in the area!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,5/20/2014,63,9,22,20,15>Living in the 'burbs is awful if you're not one to sit at home after 9pm on a Friday night watching Netflix in your pajamas while stuffing your face with a pint of Häagen-Dazs (which I am, but let's for the sake of argument pretend I'm not), yet you're also not one to go ~clubbing~*~ in the city or whatever (because seriously, like, what even IS that?) But Walnut Creek has a solution to this problem: CAFFE LA SCALA! They're open fairly late (midnight) AND they serve classy alcohol; there's nothing quite like a wine-n-whine sesh with your best friends, amirite?! Everyone here talks about the tiramisu, which is good in its own right, don't get me wrong. It's creamy and fatty and rum-y and everything you could want in a slice of cake. But LISTEN TO ME: GET THE LEMON BARS. THEY'RE AMAZING. THEY'RE BEAUTIFUL. And most importantly, they're never goddamn there so when I see them, you BEST BELIEVE I'm shelling out the $3 for one of those bad boys. They're so unassuming, sitting there next to the monstrous tiramisu. It's just a LEMON BAR, you say with a not-so-subtle eye-roll, how good can it BE? The answer is so, so good. Just trust me on this one (or, you know, don't, that just leaves more for me). They "have wifi" here and outlets abound, but it's often so spotty that I want to throw my laptop out one of their many ceiling-to-floor windows. And if you're anything like me and need a constant and life-sustaining stream of internet connection, you will join me in the laptop-flinging festivities.tl;dr: good for chilling with friends or hardcore studying since the lack of good internet inhibits your ability to properly procrastinate. Lemon bars *drops mic*
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,5/19/2014,351,622,7,24,16>I could walk to a Kosher market near my home when I lived in Los Angeles.  I could ride a quick bus to Ethiopian and Indian markets too.  Nothing like this existed in Alameda when I moved here seven years ago.  I eventually discovered a Filipino market of note nearby, but I needed something more.  Now all of a sudden I can walk to a Bosnian market that sells Southeastern European products, a discount store that sells Middle Eastern products and Al-Jazeera, a halal and market.  All of this is happening along the same street, very close to where Alameda Farmers Market sets up on Tuesdays and Saturdays.  Al-Jazeera is delightfully sunny and well stocked with Coca Cola in glass bottles, dried fruit and spices and halal versions of chicken nuggets and tinned meats.  I can't wait to try the butcher.  What a wonderful and culturally rich experience for Webster Street!
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,5/18/2014,127,155,10,13,13>Came here for late night after the bars! I think I'm definitely a sucker for hole on the wall food shops with one man running the whole place and looks so happy doing it. Which is exactly what Top dog is. Just go up to the counter and tell him your order, and it's out in just a few minutes. Only tried the Topdog (original) but I was convinced of Topdog's greatness already.(+) Topdog ($3.00) Juicy hotdog with a clean snap to it. Soft bun that was toasted to have a crunch. Their dogs are a little on the small side- perfectly fine for someone like me, but guys out there might want to get two if they're hungry. Other Things:- No seating in here; what happened is we ate them right outside the door.- Go crazy with condiments- variety of mustards, chopped onions, relish, ketchup. One of the mustards (the more yellow one) has that kicker horseradish spiciness it, so careful there.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,5/17/2014,340,339,7,15,8>The leaflet I received last week said "cheese zombies." I like cheese. I like zombies. There is no way I would have let anything bar me from checking out a cheese zombie, so off to Patty's I went with the daughter for an afternoon snack.When we went in, it was already a little past their closing time, so their inventory was limited. The guy who helped us was very nice and kindly explained to me that cheese zombies are apparently a big hit for people who went to school in the area (yup, I just betrayed my FOBness...for shame!). When he said this, I was slightly scared because...cafeteria food? But he told me that this is not anything like notorious school cafeteria food, and he did not lie. Now, think of the last delicious croissant you had. Don't be lazy. Just do it. Take a minute or two... Now, do you remember the flakiness? Do you remember the buttery deliciousness that made your taste buds happy? Do you remember how you thought the French are a great people for giving the world the gift that is the croissant? Yes? Then now we can have a proper dialogue of sorts about Patty's cheese zombies.Forget about the flakiness of the croissant, but dwell on the buttery taste. That is how the bread of the cheese zombies taste like. Its texture is more doughy but that is pleasant in itself since it makes for cleaner, less crumb-y eating. The cheese is American, and although I have outgrown the Kraft variety a long time ago, the memories of noshing on my favorite childhood snack that came flooding back brought so much happiness to an already blissful afternoon. Yes, I am a fan of cheese zombies! The daughter and I will be back.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,5/16/2014,291,487,13,21,14>I'm always happy to see a Bay Area brewery success story.  Heretic was just a small brewery in Pittsburg a year or so ago, and now they have expanded to a huge facility in Fairfield.  It's pretty impressive.  Everything is shiny & new & they are making some really great beer.I really wanted to take the brewery tour, so I emailed them (as suggested on their website) to save 2 spots for hubby & I on a recent Saturday.  I never heard back, but we decided to head up there & take our chances.  Well it turns out that it was their Triple IPA release day so they were packed to the gills & not leading tours.  Bummer, but the staff were all so nice & encouraged us to wander around & ask lots of questions.  So we did!  Somehow we managed to get 2 seats at the bar.  The long line was mostly for their triple IPA (Evil3 aka Evil Cubed...awesome name).  Since I'm not a fan of double let alone triple IPA's, I tried a few tasters ($1.50 each) of their other unusual brews.  I really liked Evil Twin, a malty red ale, & Torment, a Belgian dark.  There was another one that was an aged bourbon stout that was quite good, although a bit heavy on the bourbon flavor.  All in all great beer!I'm just sorry that they are located in Fairfield, which isn't far but it's not really a destination city.  I'll stop in again on my way through town.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,5/15/2014,330,444,11,20,15>I get all my shoe work done here.  Peter and his team are good!  I have been adding rubber soles to dress shoes when I get them right off the bat, taking my guys shoes in here when his commuter pairs get worn heels, as well as furnishing my shoes with a good pair of insoles every time I get a new pair.  They also have good comfort shoe, OBT brand shoes, lots of comfort flip-flops, and leather goods like belts and wallets. They also do purse repair.  When I got a new V-Day STATUS bag, (Status being taken, or that the purse is expensive, I guess?) I took my old daily purse/handbag in for some repairs- they re-stitched a handle that was starting to come a bit unraveled, and polished and buffed my green Kate Spade to her somewhat tarnished, but well worn leather glory. The prices.....I don't shop around for these services anymore, but when I buy a pricey pair, I'm willing to shell out $25-30 to get heels restored, or soles added.  Last time I was in, I heard a lady say,  'I've had these shoes for 20 years, I need the heel glued on".....Peter quotes $25-and she walked away. Don't underestimate the power of negotiation, either.  Just try it.   Look,  you've had these for 20 years and you don't want to shell out $25 shekels for a repair?! I don't know.  To me, it's worth it.  My feet are worth it.  My big ass handbag is worth it.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,5/14/2014,233,174,13,24,14>Dinner at Iyasare is a beautiful thing. Since the shutter of O'Chame, I'd been highly anticipating the next treasure to inhabit the space. My expectations were more than valid, it was truly a thrill to eat here. The interior design is tasteful and modern. So fresh, so clean with an air of elegance. The choice of lighting is seriously stunning. I was taken with the sleek bar, woven fabric panels in shades of sand, the fresh flower arrangements, and the simple chandelier but I can't lie, I was a little sad to be in the space sans the art of Mayumi Oda. Even the design of the bathroom was chic, my friend and I had a good laugh about the "strategically placed" stones in the sink. The eats are inspired by the chef's childhood in rural Northeastern Japan but elevated and plated to wow the clientele. Such meticulous flavors and thoughtful pairings. Instead of going with separate entrees, my friend and I indulged in a selection of their smaller plates -  maguro carpaccio, hamachi crudo, ocean umami, saka mushi, and uni risotto. We ended the meal with the fuyu dessert. If you have an appetite akin to a small army, you may leave this place grouchy, using your Yelp app to scout the nearest burger but the quality of their dishes is undeniable.The saka mushi was so impeccable. Gorgeous clams steamed in sake with chunks of smoky bacon, slices of purple potatoes, shreds of cabbage, a strip of konbu, delicate yuzu zest. Sigh. The hamachi crudo was insanely subtle, adorned with bits of oyster tartare, watercress, and droplets of chili sesame oil. The best bite of the night was whatever type of oyster donned the rich uni risotto. It is something EVERYONE should try. I am gutted that I didn't snap a picture of the menu to revisit it at a later date. I think I literally uttered "oh my god" and my eyes rolled back in my head. Service was stellar. Upon arrival, the host was pleasant, quickly found our reservation, and seated us promptly. Our main waiter was not only eye candy but he was attentive and amiable. The dishes were paced wonderfully, we always had fresh plates, and our water glasses were never empty. If you're into Japanese flavors, incredible seafood, seasonal organic produce, and a seamless dining experience from start to finish, Iyasare is gold.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,5/13/2014,243,508,6,24,14>East Bay Coffee is the newest addition to Old Town Pinole and it's an absolute gem. This place use to be a sports hobby shop and EBCC has taken over the space and turned it into this open, well spaced, modern rustic, coffee shop. They have lot's of seating and a counter sitting area in front of the window. The tables are not crammed next to each other like Starbucks and Peets. They also have live acoustic music playing on Saturday from 10-12pm and from 6-8pm on Saturdays and 6-8pm again on Sundays. They also serve pastries, desserts, baked goods and specifically select macaroons such as ube, pistachio, and maple bacon macaroons. Soon EBCC will be serving sandwiches, salads and soups. What I think is also awesome is EBCC offers almond milk in their latte's, mocha's and capuccino's. I can't think of another coffee shop that offers almond milk! I've also meet Bill the owner and his son's Trent and Shane who are really nice and down to earth.  Seriously, come check this new and upcoming coffee shop in Old Town Pinole, very easy to get to, street parking available and a great place to walk to anytime of the day. Help support your local business!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,5/12/2014,331,112,11,17,13>This is the restaurant version of the ever-so-popular Brazil Fresh Squeeze Cafe. I can finally satisfy my tri tip cravings at night now without fear of sitting out in the dark or in the brisk Berkeley chill while I'm trying to scarf down my tri tip. Now my friends and I can actually sit down indoors and enjoy a cheap meal of delicious tri tip in comfort! Plus, the tri tip rice bowl actually seemed bigger than the outdoor stand and our waitress was very friendly and chill.AND THEY HAVE DOLE WHIP! If you've ever been to Hawaii or Disneyland, then you know what sorcery I'm talking about!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,5/11/2014,193,290,9,16,12>Berkeley seems fast on it's way to becoming the city with the most pizzarias per capita this side of the Tiber river. Thankfully, the pizza is so excellent that I am embracing this culinary flux, most recently while dining at Silver.Dining is kind of the wrong word: let's say "jamming". If not for Harrison Barnes (#40 on the Golden State Warriors) promoting a playoff viewing party at this spot, it would have taken me longer to find out about Sliver. I don't go downtown much, I'm not a student, and Cheeseboard, Zachary's and Little Star are all moments away from my house. But Sliver makes the case for forsaking the regular haunts, by offering an amazing product and a very fun environment.The Pizza:Daily pizza changes but always let's the cheese take a major role. No tomato sauce to distract from the pungent flavors like lime or fresh corn that accentuate each killer combination. The one-pie-fits-all approach is a great one for my burnt out brain: you can just trust that whatever you eat was figured out long before you became too ravenous to think clearly. Even if you think you don't like asparagus, it is likely to end up surprising you in a great way.The crust is sourdough-ish, sturdy and thin and the ratio of the toppings to the base is perfect. You bite into a great layer of cheese and veggies, not too crispy, definitely needs some chewing and savoring, and never too overloaded with toppings either. The People:I went for a Warriors themed night and the maitre'd was handing out prizes to a slew of Warriors fans, all ages. At one point the kitchen just gave away some free pizzas. This place exudes good, playful vibes. Hip people working behind the counter, busser busting her butt to keep the place comfortable for customers, and chefs in the kitchen who will smile and wave at you as you head out. This is an excellent, non-pretentious, and gourmet restaurant. A great place to feel the Berkeley community and come together for a good meal (and beer, if that is how you roll).
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,5/10/2014,3448,1617,10,18,16>I will gladly admit that I'm addicted to seafood. I could eat oysters, fish, crab and shrimp everyday of my life. I am very happy about the new addition to the neighborhood and already have been here twice. We stopped in for Happy Hour each time, which is Monday through Friday from 4pm to 6pm. They have $1 Oysters during happy hour which were Kusshi. They are some of my favorites and they were very good. What a great deal. Ask for some of their spicy sauce if you are brave or go with the cocktail sauce or vinaigrette.The Chicken Wings are crunchy, big and you can get them mild, medium, spicy or insane. I got some of the insane sauce on the side. It's VERY hot, not recommended for  people who don't like their mouth on fire. You can get a basket during Happy Hour for $5! We ordered a pound of the Spicy Garlic Butter Shrimp and an order of the Garlic Noodles. The shrimp was perfect, spicy, buttery and finger lickin' good. The noodles were so good and buttery and make a perfect combo meal for 2. The very best dish ordered at our table was the King Crab. It's an entire crab at market price, you can add on sides like corn, sausage and potatoes. The dish came out and we all envied Courtney's crab. It was a lot of crab meat for less than $26 and extremely great quality. The drinks specials are pretty great during Happy Hour and the selection of spirits is impressive. They make a spicy margarita and a top shelf margarita that are great. I'm really loving 938 Crawfish and know you will too. Especially if you love seafood boils, fresh oysters, delicious food and cocktails.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,5/9/2014,235,168,4,11,7>One of the best milk teas in the Bay!As an addict constantly on the hunt for unique and high-quality MT, it turns out I had overlooked this great gem right in my tri-city backyard. Located inside Marina Supermarket (I know, how fobby) you will think it's a best-kept secret until you witness the long line of Asian supermoms clamoring for a drink, leaving you to wonder why no one told you about this place. Some must-tries: Almond Milk Tea, Jasmine Green Tea, Lychee Green Tea, Grapefruit Green Tea and Mango Green Tea. All so fresh and you can actually taste the tea. Can't go wrong with any of those.They also have "exotic," or more, just rare Asian fruit tea flavors like Osmanthus. They also serve Ceylon tea, Genmaicha, Hojicha, the list goes on. CASH ONLY so come prepared. If not, the supermarket registers have cash back so simply pick up something, like I did haha. Tea Island? More like TEA HEAVEN in the middle of a friendly, unassuming Asian plaza. I WILL be back.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,5/8/2014,37,45,9,11,10>I'm soooo glad to have finally found this place! I'd been going to a shop in Livermore for all my health items, but shall commute no more!They have Bragg products including a gallon jug of raw apple cider vinegar...oh yeah! Lots of supplements, for those of you who like that sort of thing. And local raw 'hunny' at decent prices. Some health food items such as seasonings, oils, and gluten free things can be found. Also, I was happy to see some aromatherapy oils and beauty soap bars and other bath and beauty products.If you can't find what you're looking for, then guess what, they can order it for you (more than likely)! How awesome is that? Extremely! Seriously, I won't need to commute again for my stuff. I'm so excited about that.They carry my favorite soap brand, Nubian Heritage and can order different scents. Also, I managed to roll out of there with a yummy vegan cookie treat! Woo hoo!The cherry on top is the lovely lady running this outfit, Barbara. She is a gem. And apparently she's run her business in B-wood for 30 years, and I'm just now discovering this little treasure.Oh, and they have this frequent buyer card thing, where you get a punch for a min. purchase of $20. :)If you're looking for a health food store in the greater East Bay, than look no further. It's a small little shop, which may not look like much when you first enter, but has what you're probably looking for. Go check them out!And one more tip, they don't take Amex, so have your handy dandy visa/mc ready!The end.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,5/7/2014,194,145,13,11,8>hot-pot-like-many-chinese-meals-is-a-communal-affair-meaning-you-cant-enjoy-it-by-yourself-or-even-with-two-people-four-is-pretty-much-the-minimum-you-need-a-big-boisterous-group-who-will-eat-laugh-slurp-belch-and-have-a-jolly-good-time-and-who-have-no-communicable-diseases-for-you-will-be-swapping-saliva-for-sure-you-want-at-least-one-person-who-knows-what-theyre-doing-so-you-dont-accidentally-eat-a-half-cooked-meatball-or-veggies-soaked-in-broth-with-raw-meat-that-hasnt-fully-cooked-but-diarrhea-is-pretty-much-inevitable-so-just-enjoy-yourself-and-dont-think-too-much-about-that-impending-eruption-of-vesuvius-proportions-thats-as-certain-as-sunrise-and-you-want-people-who-are-good-at-remembering-to-put-stuff-in-the-pot-and-forgetting-to-take-it-out-the-kind-of-people-who-dont-notice-when-you-eat-the-fruits-of-their-labor-pwhere-my-wifes-from-in-china-there-are-pretty-much-two-places-you-go-for-hot-pot-szechuan-king-hot-pot-and-little-sheep-mongolian-hot-pot-generally-szechuan-king-the-local-favorite-takes-the-cake-over-little-sheep-a-national-chain-so-we-when-we-noticed-that-there-was-a-little-sheep-nearby-in-little-ole-us-of-a-we-were-intrigued-but-not-necessarily-giddy-with-excitement-we-ended-up-going-more-out-of-desperation-than-anything-else-must-eat-hot-pot-but-when-we-gave-it-a-chance-gosh-golly-it-turned-out-to-be-pretty-darn-good-weve-been-back-at-least-5-timestheres-a-cooking-range-at-your-table-they-provide-a-pot-with-a-sexy-yin-yang-divider-that-separates-the-spicy-red-broth-from-the-milky-white-broth-both-broths-contain-large-green-onions-dates-amomum-tsaoko-goji-berry-ginger-slices-and-a-bajillion-cloves-of-garlic-plus-the-spicy-side-is-chock-full-of-dry-red-chilies-they-give-you-a-sheet-of-items-ranging-from-meatballs-noodles-to-tofu-greens-you-write-down-how-much-you-want-of-each-and-they-bring-it-over-all-raw-for-you-to-cook-in-the-broth-and-dip-in-toxic-amounts-of-raw-garlic-sesame-sauce-before-sending-down-the-hatchwe-ordered-the-following-lamb-shoulder-w-red-wine-flavor-supreme-fatty-beef-w-beer-flavor-sliced-pork-house-made-lamb-meat-ball-pea-sprouts-tong-ho-frozen-tofu-fried-tofu-sheet-shiitake-mushroom-shanxi-knife-cut-noodle-fresh-noodles-sliced-potato-sliced-fresh-lotus-napa-cabbage-fried-fish-tofuour-sauces-sesame-paste-garlic-paste-w-sesame-oilthese-are-all-good-options-and-about-enough-to-serve-6-favorites-are-the-lamb-meatballs-so-smooth-and-well-flavored-and-shiitake-mushrooms-velvety-moist-greens-like-pea-sprouts-are-a-nice-fresh-choice-and-frozen-tofu-is-always-a-must-havethe-garlic-cloves-are-the-best-part-by-the-time-your-meal-is-over-those-hundreds-of-garlic-cloves-that-have-been-stewing-in-the-broth-the-whole-time-will-be-melt-in-your-mouth-soft-buttery-nothing-like-taking-a-clove-of-buttery-cooked-garlic-dipping-it-in-raw-garlic-paste-and-popping-it-in-your-mouth-its-the-first-thing-youll-taste-in-the-morning-i-swear-the-stuff-will-come-out-of-your-pores-for-the-next-few-weeks-but-its-all-worth-it-oh-and-dont-forget-about-the-massive-diarrhea-sometimes-youve-just-got-to-pay-the-piper-for-the-pickled-pepper
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,5/6/2014,195,315,3,17,9>This is basically the most authentic Thai restaurant in the East Bay.Not convinced? Have the Boat Noodle -- a thick beef broth noodle soup. Bold, beefy, and enlivened with little bits of crunchy pork, it was, well, the way it should be.Or have the Kaw Soi. This is a Northern Thai coconut milk based soup, and it was also just right: a light, coconut milk based broth with egg noodles, raw shallots (don't worry about this), and with properly stewed chicken legs and even picked mustard greens. Again, just as it should be!Or try the quite spicy Tom Yam soup, or the desserts ("Ran Kanom" means "dessert store"), or probably anything else for that matter.  Definitely worth a trip...
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,5/5/2014,914,498,6,11,10>They have something called the Crash Burger, which is a patty STUFFED with blue cheese and caramelized onions. The thing is humongous and I couldn't seem to get my mouth around it. But I ate it, not all of it, as it is humongous. I like their pub fries. It's the skinny kind.  I had it with their bbq sauce on the side. Try it. It is on the tomato-y side. They have a pretty large menu too, and nothing has disappointed. Service is good, and is well managed. Place has that classic pub look, with sports memorabilia everywhere and a loud and lively atmosphere to go with it.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,5/4/2014,273,298,3,12,12>Great China finally reopened today, and my boyfriend and I went for lunch right away. The new interior is modern-looking and much bigger than the original location. The lunch special is definitely your best bet, starting with the soup of the day, your choice of entree, as well as salad and fruit. I had the spicy eggplant chicken with fried rice, which was the perfect level of spicy without being overwhelmingly salty. There is a good ratio of chicken to eggplant, and the dish overall isn't too heavy like a lot of Chinese restaurants. My boyfriend had the honey walnut prawns, which he is in love with! The breading on the shrimp was really light, while staying crunchy in the sauce. The fried rice was also really flavorful without being too oily. We also ordered the pork dumplings, which comes with 15. I really appreciate how homemade it tastes! The dough tasted just like how my parents make it at home. The entire lunch special was extremely filling, and the food was delicious and satisfying. Great China has definitely come back as the best Chinese restaurant in Berkeley!
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,5/3/2014,466,599,6,12,11>This is quite the hidden gem in Emeryville.  The food is always amazing here.  It looks a bit rundown from the outside but the inside is wonderful and with a nice patio that is perfect for warm, sunny days. They used to have an incredible avocado bruschetta but according to David, the bartender, the new bruschetta was good too so I trusted him and ordered it for my friend and I. And David was right, it was pretty tasty. The bread looked like it was sliced bread from the new Pak N save nearby, but who cares? It was tasty. I had the Healdsburg Pinot Noir and it had a beautiful color and quite a set of gams. We were in discussion as to another item we were going to share and calamari was discussed.  David overheard us and asked If we would like an order. Yes, please. It arrived stacked high and two wedges of lemon and a dipping sauce. The tv was not angled in our direction and I guess it didn't matter because the Thursday night game wasn't on, plus the seats on that side of the bar were all taken. It's not a sports bar so I can't be mad at them.I was still wanting more and David handed us a dessert menu per my request. My friend whines that I am always trying to make him fat. I had to continue that effort so instead of splitting one dessert I ordered the banana foster bread pudding and the apple cranberry crisp. Both were incredible but the pudding was something I would come back specifically for. Please keep it on the menu!Great spot, good food and wonderful service. I wonder if they have a happy hour.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2013,5/2/2014,91,181,10,15,15>Don't let the trendy name and stodgy location fool you- Bourbon and Beef is actually a BLAST (actually, it's exactly what the stodgy location needed).  It's one part mind-blowing meat-creations and one part fun, loung-y, listen-to-electro-bossa-nova-over-drinks-like-a-"­cocktail-party"-clip-art-from-Windows-97 FUN! I think this is largely due to the fact that they've maintained the same bar from the former "Water" lounge or "Aqua" lounge or whatever it used to be, and added a conundrum of different styles and grains of wood to decorate a dining room around it.  It sounds like a decorator's nightmare, but it somehow works.Food is small-plates, so even though one might be compelled to order several and share, SCREW THAT!  The meat is all prepared VERY well (especially the steak...and even the ground meat!), and the portions are pretty generous, considering the price seems a little high (for tapas).  Still haven't tried brunch, which looked appealing.I don't really understand the concept of the beef and the bourbon and the pan-Latin cuisine and the water-bar and how it all fits together.....but that doesn't mean that it's not fantastic!  It is! Sometimes you just want to dump M&Ms, Sweedish fish, and chocolate syrup in a bowl and mix it together and EAT IT!  No shame! (You can also totally enjoy this place NOT-high).The bartenders (who are NOT from Water-bar) are great, attractive people who work quickly and pour generously.  The servers are all swift and perky (we liked "Heather"-she's real people!).  I'll definitely be back for food, but more likely will be back much sooner for drinks! (But that's just how I roll).
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,5/1/2014,460,184,8,14,13>This place opened up on New Year's Eve and so far so good. It's open for happy hour 4 to 8:30pm on weekdays and opens up with a club vibe after 8:30 on weekends. It has a good décor with a bar that changes colored lights (who needs the bay bridge). There's a full bar with a good whiskey selection. I recommend the Crater Lake Rye which was $7 per shot (not sure if that was a happy hour price or not).They have a small bar bite menu of different grilled Panini-like sandwiches. They're all pretty tasty and only $5 each.I like the vibe of this place. Shoutout to the owner Chris and bartender Shannon. Least the few times I've been there the music has been solid with different 80's and 90's hip hop and r&b music playing.Check it out!
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,4/30/2014,119,95,7,15,13>Four Barrel coffee, Mighty Leaf tea, Strauss organic dairy, Wifi, small bites made by local small businesses, and an upright piano. This is the neighborhood place that will greet you like a friend. It's a smallish place; there's a communal table, some theater seats, 2 or three window stools, an indoor table for 2 and a smattering of outdoor tables--perfect for the afternoon when the sun climbs over face of the building. I've been in Oakland for over 4 decades, I've seen it change in many ways--good and bad; Haddon Hill is a microcosm of the recent shift and I really love it. Sit down, and start conversations with people across the shop, it's completely Oakland and almost expected--this place has the homey feeling down pat. There's always a dog outside to admire and occasionally, a neighborhood cat will saunter over to get its jingle mingle on as well.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,4/29/2014,297,409,8,29,19>Finally! An all vegan market has emerged in the Bay Area. It's about time! Germany has Veganz, and now Berkeley has Republic of V. While this shop is very small, it offers plentiful vegan goodies to treat yourself to. Half of the products are in freezers, while the other half are on tall shelves in the middle of the store. It's a bit of a cramped shop, especially if there are more than a couple of people in there. Browsing felt a bit like playing human bumper cars, but I'm overjoyed that this place is already gaining a loyal following. They had completely sold out of all of the vegan chocolate bars that Go Max Go makes (except one flavor, but it didn't sound appealing). I kept it simple and bought some Bee Free Honee (it's made from apples!), chewing gum, a frozen burrito, and some Exotic Harvest rainbow chips (made from carrots, kabocha squash, and blue potatoes, yummy!). I'm on a tight budget this month, otherwise I could have seen myself easily spending a hundred bucks on all of the tasty goodies inside.Sadly, they don't sell any fresh fruit or vegetables, but I would highly suggest picking up produce from your local farmer's market anyway (organic, if possible). I need to make a habit of doing so more often, but my laziness gets the better of me, and I end up sleeping in too late to make the trek. Anyhoo, this place has so many incredible delights to amaze and astound. And what an incredible pleasure to not have to read any labels! (I mean, I do anyway, because I enjoy seeing just what kind of magic they use to construct such deliciousness). Even so, it is so incredibly refreshing to have a store in which I can purchase any little thing I spy with my little eye.I am all about supporting small businesses, and the woman running the register today seemed like a genuinely loving and sincere individual. I wish her nothing but success, and I will definitely frequent this place as often as possible. It's a little out of my way, but they carry a lot of products that I've never seen at any other grocery store, so I will obviously return.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2014,4/28/2014,346,364,14,20,15>I felt like I was at the gym.  Surrounded by dudes and protein bars.  Which means that Muscle Maker Grill was everything I expected it to be.  I went with the Tuscon, which was 391 calories, for lunch.  It had the caloric profile I was looking for with 11g:44g:27g  Fat:Carb:Protein ratio and had the perfect Cost:Taste ratio being that it was only $5.99.   It was also very good....like I might crave that later kind of good.Regardless of your caloric needs it appears that MMG has something for everyone.  Low carb, high carb, lots of protein, and varying degrees of fat content.  So basically, I love it here.  Love everything about it except for the tinny tiny fountain drink cups.  I had to wrestle my car's drink cup holder thingie to get it out because the cup was so wee.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,4/27/2014,327,431,16,23,23>The Source has Finally come to The East Bay! I had heard of their impending opening at this tiny mini-mall located in North Berkeley. After what seemed like months (it was only weeks) they opened on a sunny weekend to long lines of ravenous customers...Ok, well maybe perhaps the lines weren't long at all as I believe not too many people frequent the "Epicurious Garden" that Source Mini is located in. I'm sure this will all change when folks 'round here find out what's up. I'm just happy my honey treated me to some delicious comfort food after a beer filled afternoon. Perfect ending to a perfect day.Just like the fantastic original Source in SF, this mini version serves up some of the best Vegan food in the area. However unlike in SF, this location is ALL VEGAN baby!! It only makes sense as this helps to alleviate any confusion. Most folks equate Vegetarian=Vegan anyways so why not make it so. For this reason alone, I would choose Mini over SF. Another difference is that there is almost no seating and everything is served in to go containers. Not that the food isn't cooked to order. Quite the opposite actually.As a regular from the SF location, I was happy to see that they plundered away at least two of their best employees to lead the way here in Berkeley. The tattooed Asian girl and the hipster (I know, I know, that could be anyone that works here) dude bring over a friendly demeanor as well as knowledge of the food served here.I used to visit Source in SF weekly in my "bachelor days". Most of the time I would order the Avocado Oink Bit Burger. It quickly became my favorite thing on the menu. At first the fact they served the burger in a pita pocket was kinda odd but quickly grew on me. Here @ Mini, they now use a bun. I'm not sure which I prefer but it is kinda nice to eat a burger out of a bun just like "normal" burgers. In fact it's not an ordinary bun. It's more of an "Acme style" roll. And you'll be hard pressed to find a better plant based burger than Source's beet burger. It's my favorite and I'm sure it'll be yours soon!We also ordered the Philly Cheese Moo (served on above mentioned bun) and I was shocked that I never ordered this before! "Moo" with caramelized onions, dripping with a nacho cheese sauce. This hit the spot in my beer filled tummy! It's one of better things I've tasted in a while and I'm eager to try it the SF version to compare.We got an order of the chili and as a huge chili fan, this one is a pass. No real chili flavor going on here. Just bland beans and some brown rice. No thanks!As a "Source expert", I'll have to say this is as good or better than anything that comes outta SF. The SF Source has started to become a little iffy on consistency overall. Maybe they've gon' Hollywood and need to get back to their roots. Hopefully that won't become of this new Mini location. What I can say about this new location is everything was fantastic on our first visit. I don't see any reason why that won't continue. I smell what The Source Mini is cookin', and it smells damned good!To see it from another perspective and with a whole bunch more photos, check out what my babygirl has to say about it... yelp.com/biz/source-mini…
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,4/26/2014,128,357,3,13,6>As a Cal alum, Skates is a special restaurant with great sentimental value to me.   The view of the Bay on a clear day is alone worth five stars, and you can see the Bay Bridge and  Golden Gate in a wide panoramic view, along with kayakers and sailboats coming by and waving.  You can also walk along the wharf outside the restaurant and see all the fishermen.  Its special for me since both of my interview dinners for each company I worked for was held at Skates.  Plus, the offer came  through both times! Also, its a common place to hold anniversary lunches and business lunches/dinners too.  Today, we came here for a work anniversary lunch for a party of five.  The food overall is still pretty good, but I would say that it was much better say 5 years ago.  They used to offer this incredible garlic bread that was made on-site and was unlike any bread offered elsewhere.  Now, the bread station is replaced with a sushi bar and they get their bread from Acme - still decent, but nothing compared to their old, piping hot garlic bread.We split a few appetizers - calamari (good dish with fried zucchini and two dipping sauces), salmon crustini (not my favorite - didn't taste too fresh), and the crab/asparagus dip (one of their signature dishes, and just okay).For entrée, I ordered the pan-seared rockfish which was pan-fried nicely and came with a bed of lemon polenta.  Surrounding the plate was alternating green-orange array of olives and cherry tomatoes, which added some nice acidity to the fish.  Others in my group had the pan-seared salmon, corned beef sliders, and a seafood salad.For dessert, we shared a creme brulee and a special butterscotch pudding with bourbon.  The crème brulee was pretty good, but they used to offer a trio where they had multiple flavors.  Butterscotch pudding was amazing - you had to dig through the thick layer of whipped cream to get at the good stuff.Another funny thing about our experience was that one of has had this dinner sweepstakes valid at Skates and a few other restaurants which is like a lottery ticket.  A manager has to open the tab, and the prizes could range from some discount off the entire bill up to a cash award of $25,000.  Ours was a 50% off the entire bill, which was a great deal!  Hopefully we left a decent tip for the waitperson, who was excellent.  She gave us each an additional sweepstakes coupon - only downside it that is must be used by March 30.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,4/25/2014,115,58,18,21,14>I WILL MOVE TO MARS IF THIS PLACE EVER CLOSES. Oh, VENUS, excuse me.Their 60 minute foot reflexology massage has become as necessary to my life as bacon on a BLT. I shoot for one every 2 weeks (weekly during holidays-phew). FOOT REFLEXOLOGY MASSAGE COST: Are you ready? $25 for a FULL HOUR!! For the wonderful and consistent work they do, that deal was calculated by God himself on his best day. The massage includes the head/neck, arms, back, and legs. Are you calling me a liar? It's so true.They begin with your head and shoulders while your feet soak in warm water, move down to arms and hands (approx 20 min) and then to your feet (20min). You then flip over like a flapjack and your neck gets worked on again (approx 3 min). AND THEN, my favorite, the lower back. I swear, this deal is just too good. For the work they do, I tip very generously because did I mention you're paying $25 for this? That's dinner for two at The Olive Garden and you sure in the hexagon aren't going to relieve any tension there...except for maybe a few "releases" in the car on the way home from the Italian sausage overload.Yan Massage is very, very clean and the decor is easy on the eyes. Following your treatment you can help yourself to a glass of lemon water, chocolate, and maybe rub the Buddha belly if you wish.DO NOT forget to get your "VIP Member" card stamped because after 10 foot massages, the 11th one is FREE or you also have the option of getting a full body massage for $25 instead. You must receive your 10 stamps within 5 months.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,4/24/2014,109,36,26,17,15>It's a weekday, let's say -- a Wednesday. Wednesdays are chill. You have just finished class and feel an emptiness in your stomach. You're craving some delicious Chinese food and wonder: where can you get affordable, Chinese goodness nearby?You whip out your iPhone and quickly search on Yelp. There it is. In the list of results, this one has high ratings and rave reviews. On Luck Food To Go. You get in your car, or on your feet, and commute to this little gem of Oakland. It is a rundown little kitchen with a window and a little door area. You scan the menu and recall that your Instagram feed is filled with pictures of shrimp and lobster over rice and dry fried ribs from here, and you order these dishes just to try it out. The wait for two dishes is around 15 minutes (there are several people around you looking for some munchies too), and when the dude finally calls out yours, you have high hopes for the food and you dig in right in the driver's seat of your car, apathetic to the stares of passerbys. As you open the lids, the delicious aromas engulf your senses, and oh, since when did that trail of drool get there on your shirt? Brushing it off, you slowly pick up a dry fried rib, dip it in the bright red-orange sweet and sour sauce, and take a bite. "Oh my god," you think. It is salty and crunchy and sweet and sour and it is the best dry fried ribs you have ever tasted in your life. Then, your vision zeroes in on the steaming box of shrimp with lobster sauce over rice.You gulp. Suddenly, you berate yourself for not being the type of person to carry around a personal bottle of Sriracha wherever they go. No matter. You scoop up a spoonful of the shrimp and ground pork, along with the rice, and bring it near your trembling mouth. You take a bite.Wow.Wowowowowowow.Everything goes black...You open your eyes. There are fluffy white clouds around you and you can feel yourself floating weightlessly. Feathery, pure white wings sprout from your back and a halo forms over your head.You have died from bliss.You are now in food heaven.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,4/23/2014,1328,395,13,21,16>Caffeine needs? Do you like coffee with heart-shapes on top with artistic designs?Tired of watered down coffee from Starbucks or other coffee joints? Are you looking for a great coffee shop with superb customer service and awesome people that cares about the community? Come here! New coffee spot in the Niles area. It's a good location to have a cafe there because it is surrounded with historic buildings and antique shops which gives this place a perfect blend of atmosphere. It's a great addition to this area. Especially in a beautiful morning weather, you would just wanna sit down on a stool, looking through the window, sipping up your freshly brewed java and just relax...The people here are awesome and friendly. They care about you and they excel at making a perfect cup of coffee, like it's their only speciality. Whether you're a caffeine fiend or need a quick coffee fix, this is the place to go. Great baristas. Cool urban/vintage-y interior. Cool people. Perfect drinks!  I strongly advise to check their hours before coming here. I think they close at 2pm on weekdays and 5pm on Saturdays. Unfortunately, they do close on Sundays. I think these hours are only temporary until it's fully constructed. I'll see you soon, Devout!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,4/22/2014,732,444,7,18,13>I was told that Homestead was "the real California farm-to-table experience," so of course I was instantly dubious. Everything around here seems to be local, organic, sustainable, farm-raised, blah blah blah, so it's just your typical, bay area restaurant, right?Wrong.As another reviewer noted, Homestead is The Truth. This was literally the best dinner I've had since moving to the bay area, and that's saying something. The ingredients are laid out on the counter top separating the open kitchen from the dining room, visible from the instant you walk in. The beautiful presentation of ingredients makes you truly appreciate what goes into the dishes on the menu. Quirky art adorns the walls, there are filament bulbs a'plenty, the wood-burning stove adds warmth and coziness, and it somehow does manage to feel rustic despite the Oakland zip code.We ordered the white bean soup with garlic and olive oil as an appetizer. I find myself struggling to call it "soup" - it was delicious, hearty and simultaneously delicate. At the risk of sounding ridiculous, I will admit that I closed my eyes to savor the flavors, trying to identify each and every one. For the main course we split two dishes: the local rock cod with green lentils, broccoli, sherry vinegar, and pearl barley with roasted kind trumpet mushrooms and winter root vegetables. Both dishes were magnificent. I'm not much of a barley fan, but this vegetarian dish was nutty, flavorful and savory. The cod was perfectly cooked and served over a bed of lentils in a savory sauce. I wanted to stand and applaud at the end of the meal. If I could go back every night of the week, I would.Rave review. The end.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,4/21/2014,188,238,11,21,17>All the stars! The whole galaxy! Marica Restaurant definitely deserves its near perfect rating on Yelp. The food is spectacular, the drinks are solid, and the service is impeccable. I wanted to pick a special restaurant to celebrate my birthday with just a few of my best girlfriends. Something small and intimate. Marica was calling my name! Plus, I've had this place bookmarked for over a year so it was now or never. Marica is pretty tiny with its bar filling 1/3 of the restaurant. I made reservations for a Saturday night, and good thing I did because it was packed. Our party of 4 was directed to a table in the back, next to the kitchen. The crowd is a bit older but my friends and I loved the atmosphere. A dimly lit restaurant lined with brick walls, Marica exudes an old rustic feel. It's a great venue for a romantic date or a larger gathering. We absolutely loved our waitress. She was friendly, funny, and attentive. She started us off with a basket of bread and a plate of complimentary mussels. Free seafood? I mean, how can you not like this place? The mussels were delicious, doused in a tangy garlic sauce. I was tempted to drink the remaining sauce (no, I was not intoxicated yet), but my friend suggested dipping the bread into the sauce. This is why we are friends. I only befriend smart eaters. The bread soaked up the savory sauce like a sponge. Yum!We ordered drinks from their Happy Hour menu and oh my, they make a strong cosmo. Very refreshing!We all opted to order off of the prix fixe menu ($29), which included the following:1st Course - Buttermilk Shrimp Corncake 2nd Course - Mesquite Grilled Skuna Bay Salmon 3rd Course - German Dark Chocolate Soufflé, Crème Fraiche Cheesecake, Pannacotta, Sorbet selectionMarica's buttermilk shrimp corncake puts a whole new twist on corncake. So creative and unique! A plump and juicy grilled shrimp served atop buttermilk corncakes and drizzled with chipotle butter. Yes, it's as amazing as it sounds. There were actual kernels of corn in the corncake! The light organic salad was a perfect match to this rich appetizer. And I loved the sweet beets!Next came our entrees! We all had the salmon, which was cooked in a pineapple ginger buerre blanc sauce. It was purely divine: a soft and flaky fillet set on top of fluffy mashed potatoes and accompanied with grilled asparagus. Also, let's not forget the spinach and fennel puree that invokes all types of bubbly happy feelings in me. Smother the salmon, mashed potatoes, and asparagus in this spinach sauce and you can die happy. Since Marica offered 4 different desserts, and there were 4 of us, we each ordered a different dessert. I've been dreaming about my dark chocolate soufflé and it did not disappoint. Three scoops of vanilla ice cream over a warm and airy chocolate cake. Our waitress brought it out with candles and sang happy birthday to me. What a cute surprise orchestrated by my friends! We even received complimentary champagne on the house! I was ready to call it a night and go home. End the night on a high note, y'know? I was so satisfied with my experience at Marica. But alas, there were still desserts to be devoured. I had bites of the fruity pannacotta, which was sprinkled with huge blueberries and that cheesecake. I do not like cheesecake (don't judge me!), but this was the first cheesecake I've ever eaten. Super smooth and dense. The crust was my favorite. Sweet gingerbread goodness!I know this is a lengthy review but there are simply not enough words to describe this enchanting little restaurant that is Marica. I will definitely be back!
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,4/20/2014,456,631,8,13,16>I can't believe I haven't reviewed them yet. Pure decadence. I love how I can customize my gluttony. My personal faves are the macadamia nut frosting with bananas and chocolate chip, as well as the almond frosting with fresh peaches when they are in season. I love their pre-made concoctions though like chocolate chip cookie dough or peanut butter chocolate brownie etc...my mouth just waters. It's vegan, but that doesn't mean it's a freebie to pig out. It's a great substitute for traditional baked goods, the staff is always super sweet and helpful and the rolls are just to die for. They are large and in charge, which in turn makes me large and in charge...but only if i eat too many.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,4/19/2014,457,309,6,15,8>I really liked this place!  In looking for a dinner place in Rockridge, I stumbled upon Osmanthus.  We split several dishes and most of them were great!  We had:* Brussel sprouts with honey-sriracha and salted pork: This dish came out first and it was really good!  Hit all the flavors you might want: sweet & sour, salty, savory.. unique flavors that I am assuming mainly came from the honey-sriracha and I tasted some sort of citrus-y/sour element that was nice as well.  Yum.* Garlic noodles: I was reluctant to order this because it seemed so ordinary, but these garlic noodles are some of the best I've ever had.  The noodles were cooked perfectly and the garlic in this tasted roasted and delicious.  Definitely want this again.* Pork belly with leeks and sichuan peppercorns: This was the least impressive dish of the night.  Kind of plain, some usual Chinese flavors, but just not worth ordering compared to the other dishes.* Eggplant with garlic and basil: Typical Thai dish, but despite its simplicity, it really stood out because it was really well done!  Eggplant was tender and the flavors were spot on.  Loved it.* Mapo tofu: I usually love Mapo tofu, but I didn't love the flavoring of this one.  I think it was all of the black peppercorn(?) type flavoring on top of it.  Others may like it, but it just wasn't my cup of tea.* Thai tea creme brulee: Great way to end the night.  Really taste the Thai tea in there and although we were all full, we managed to take more bites than we intended because it was so good!In addition, we had some cocktails -- I tried the Snow White (nigori sake, prosecco, lychee) and thoroughly enjoyed it.Osmanthus is a great addition to College Ave -- it fits into the trendy restaurants here and delivers quality pan-Asian food.  I'm excited to go back and try more dishes! :)
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,4/18/2014,369,122,7,13,11>Talk about a clever name... This really is my "favorite" Indian restaurant! From the days of the closet-sized restaurant off of A St, to the one restaurant in Hayward, to more locations in East Bay, I have loved both the flavorful food and the hospitable staff. Buffets on the weekend of all your favorite Indian dishes and now an online ordering system (ignore spelling errors and a busy website), plus the the restaurant will take your orders up to closing time and still deliver after the restaurant is technically closed. Order turnaround time is always quick! I have tried many Indian restaurants and this is by far my FAVORITE! They have good prices and serve good size portions. They also send you basmati rice in different sizes depending on how many dishes you order (unlike Asian restaurants who will not send rice if you didn't order it)I recommend the following dishes (but I don't order vindaloo and tikka masala at same time because they are similar): -Navratan Korma: Vegetables, nuts & cheese in a mild cheese sauce-Chicken Tikka Masala: Breast pieces roasted & cooked in creamy sauce-Tandoori Chicken: Chicken marinated in yogurt & spices & roasted-Favorite Bread Basket: Large portions combination of garlic naan, onion kulcha & naan-Prawn Vindaloo: Prawn cooked w/ spicy sauce & potatoes-Sag Prawn cooked w/ spicy sauce & potatoesSamosas come in an order of 2 if you like appetizers.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,4/17/2014,272,451,4,16,12>Korean Fusion in Pinole? Please pinch me, this can't be happening in real life. Pinole's never been exciting enough for a restaurant like this to just magically pop up without any warning. I am far from complaining though, as Soban has given me an actual reason to venture into the depths of Pinole.Imagine Soban as an immobile food truck. That's the kind of food you can expect to receive here, (expect the same kind of seating too). Everything's slightly small and easily mobile, hence their "Cali/Korean To-go" tagline. So far, I've only gotten the opportunity to try out their Sweet and Seoul burrito. It's essentially just a really long sushi roll that's wrapped up on one end so you can eat it burrito style. So it's perfect for someone on the go! Tastes pretty good too, with big fat chunks of unagi and not an overwhelming amount of rice. There are some pretty glaring concerns with this place though. First off, don't even think about dining in. Soban is a hole in the wall, literally. There's one table for 4 people max, and a bar facing the street for yet again, 4 people max. Space gets taken quick. Second, it's a little expensive, because you're getting food truck quality food while paying food truck price, but you're in a restaurant. Third, and this is going to seem very insignificant, but they have this huge light fixture right in front of their main menu and it is impossible to look at half the menu without walking around to the other side of the light. All that being said though, it's a welcome addition to Pinole and I'm glad it's here. I'm hoping to be back soon for some more eats!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,4/16/2014,777,1202,1,13,9>Super friendly service staff and very vegan-friendly menu.  There's a vegan rice bowl - even a raw vegan bowl!  There are delicious little veggie gyoza (fried or steamed) and Buzzerkeley on TAP!  On TAP, people! Even Lanesplitter two doors down doesn't have that (and for $5 for a nice size pint glass!)I've never had to wait for tea or water, they are attentive without smothering, friendly and professional.  The food is delicious and reasonably priced with generous helpings of banchan (including fantastic kimchi) -- so many great flavors.  I'm a fan!!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,4/15/2014,370,289,5,10,7>Mixed feeling about mixed grain.I don't know what to eat next time I come. If their whole menu is as good as the dishes I tried the first time, I don't know if I should try something new or stick with the tried and true. I had it hot! Dolsot Bibimbop- Take one clay pot, add purple rice, beef bulgogi, veggies and then double the egg!You can of course customize your own. Selecting hot or cold, white or purple, choice of protein and 1,2 or 3 eggs :)In addition they offered a wide variety of ban chan to accompany the meal.Very thankful that my girlfriend Naomi G introduced me to this place. Can't wait to eat again.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,4/14/2014,382,382,14,22,20>Dear Amazing Culinary Fairy,Just a few days after I discovered the culinary wonder of TOAST in Oakland yelp.com/biz/toast-kitch… I found another restaurant for which you have amply sprinkled fairy dust to make for a 5-star, as good as it gets restaurant...and omg, it's the reinvented Duck Club!I had the pressed Mary's chicken, which was the most perfectly-cooked chicken with a crispy skin and tender, deliciously seasoned meat.  It was served with this tower of smashed potatoes (so good) and amazing asparagus.  Please thank your colleague, the Lemon Pan Jus Fairy, because she really outdid her magic on the sauce.  The ambiance was so lovely and we were seated in an enclosed booth which made our meal seem somewhat private and also provided great acoustics (this is great for diners with hearing issues).  And did I mention how fantastic our service was?Last but not least, can you tell your friend, the Open Table Fairy that I owe her a hug?  I got 1000 points for basking in your Amazing Culinary wonderment!Your biggest fan,Robin L
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,4/13/2014,100,210,4,10,7>I'm both happy and sad I finally started coming here, because now I have access to all flavors of Pepples donuts--which means I can't stay away (dangerous).Favorite donuts: blueberry is a staple, but the Philz Coffee, salted caramel, candy cap and kaffir lime are some of my other favorites. The kaffir lime tastes like Fruity Pebbles (in a good way/if you're into that), and the candy cap donut has a great maple-ish flavor (fact: candy cap is a type of mushroom!!).And yes, you can also get brunch here! So far, I've tried the biscuits and gravy with Daiya cheese, as well as the chik'n & cornmeal waffle. I probably could have gone with or without the faux chicken, but the waffle itself has an awesome crunchy texture, and they serve it with candy cap syrup. The biscuits are also great, and the plate comes with a modest helping of crispy hash browns.Take your vegan and non-vegan friends here, because who doesn't love donuts?
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,4/12/2014,187,234,3,12,8>TIP #1: Most vegetarian restaurants are Chinese in the area--Golden Lotus serves up Vietnamese cuisine!TIP #2: You don't have to be vegetarian or vegan to eat here, though you will see people who certainly live the lifestyle dining here. I could people-watch here for hours. There is nothing more delightful than enjoying yummy, nutritious food knowing that you're surrounded by others who are just as into their food as you are. In part, it's because the lively, friendly waitresses create such a welcoming atmosphere that it's easy to forget that you're in the thick of downtown Oakland. Soft lights and calming colors inside match Golden Lotus' philosophy toward food: nourishing, free of animal products and MSG, and altogether wholesome. I had a bowl of spicy noodle soup, the vegetarian equivalent of Bun Bo Hue. The excitement of other people receiving their huge bowls of soup rubbed off on me for sure, and my expectations were met. The thicker rice noodles were the perfect texture in the well-seasoned soup. The cuts of fake meat--full-flavored soy creations--were substantial enough to fool any omnivore. The bean sprouts, basil, and lime wedges that came with the soup were fresh and a wonderful accompaniment. My boyfriend's chow fun noodle soup had its own distinct flavor, and it's clear that the broth is different. The vegetables in his soup were vibrant in hue and had a crisp bite, a nice contrast to the white, chewy noodles. We shared a mushroom chicken dish that was flavorful and plenty. By the end of the meal, I was full and satisfied. The large group seated next to us had just begun to dig in to their food and they couldn't have been happier! I'd visit again for the healthy meal and peaceful atmosphere.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,4/11/2014,292,464,6,13,10>I wish I thought to save the menus from every trip I've been here. That way, I can happily recollect all the amazing beers I've had the chance to drink. They have an AMAZING selection. And, thanks to their descriptions, you're always able to find something to your tastes. Plus, they are always willing to offer you a small taster if you're not sure if you'll enjoy the brew or not.This location consists of two bars: a front bar and a back bar. Very straightforward. You're welcome to order beers from either bar. They'll give you a number and bring it to you if the beer you want happens to be tapped at the other bar. The bartenders are always SUPER friendly and are happy to offer suggestions if you're wavering between beers or don't know exactly what it is that you're looking for. And it really isn't too expensive - anywhere between $8-12 a glass from what I remember, depending on what you want and what size glass pour they give you (I believe this is dependent on the alcohol content of the beer if I'm not mistaken).The atmosphere is very laid back, regardless if you're here on a Friday/Saturday night, or on a Sunday afternoon (don't judge me).I haven't had the opportunity to try the food here yet, but I eyeball that Truffled Grilled Cheese on the menu every single time. It looks amazing every time I've seen it pass me by, and I know the Reuben makes Boyfriend salivate whenever he sees it, too. We'll be stopping by for brews AND food sometime soon, I'm sure!
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,4/10/2014,410,2202,7,14,10>I am so pleased this place is less than a mile away from me. Now the only question is how fat can one get off eating Burmese food. Check with me in a year to find out!!!I will note, it wasn't perfect, some things Burma Superstar still does a bit better, BUT their generous portions and NO LINES gave it that extra star.Prognostications aside let's break down the dishes:Complimentary Shrimp Chips - even these are better than normal shrimp chips. I think it's just cause they're greasier, but in like a really good way.Tea Leaf Salad - especially good here and on par with burma superstar and better than burmese kitchen. Really bright tasting and the tea tastes freshly fermented if that makes sense.Samosa Soup - good but not as good as BSS. The samosas were just soggier which is really the tricky part. Maybe it just needed to come out quicker?Palata - The curry was great, the pancake was decent. But the curry was so good, I'll likely get it every time.Nan Gyi Dok - It's like a coconut sauce noodle what they mix up in front of you. I really dislike hardboiled eggs which is a major ingredient and somehow still enjoyed this dish.Village Catfish - I've had this at burmese kitchen in SF and it was better here. More catfish, better texture, really should have got some rice for this.Salmon Crisp - think general tso's salmon. I want it right now. I don't think it's good for me but I don't care.Quite excited to try all the curries.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2013,4/9/2014,114,86,4,10,8>This place should be getting much, muchhh more attention than it does.Finally had the chance to have a meal here the other day and I was thoroughly impressed. For $7-13 you can order what's called a "meal" which consists of your choice of grilled meat (or veggie) along with two sides. I had chicken with grilled plantains and sweet potato chips. To be frank, I'm not really sure what compelled me to order chicken with the full knowledge that when it is grilled and skewered, chicken typically ends up dry. This, however, is why Suya is exceptional. Upon receiving my food, I was not only stunned by the intense flavor but was also delighted to find that the little chicken chunks were perfectly tender.The sweet potato chips were thickly sliced pieces that went well with the meal. They're pretty hearty and not cooked to the crisp that you'd expect in an American potato chip though (think more along the lines of the slices of potatoes in potato gratin). And the grilled plantains are very similar to what a grilled banana would taste like, although not quite exact. If you're looking for a fully savory meal, opt for something besides the plantains since they're cooked to be sweet here. In addition to two skewers of meat and two sides, you get pita bread and a house-made aioli sauce. I didn't like the aioli at first because it seemed to have traces of a creamy ranch-dressing taste to it, and I didn't think it matched well, but it grew on me as I continued eating. Give the sauce a chance if, like me, you don't like it at first. It ends up going with everything nicely.On top of all this goodness, is the service which is worth noting mainly because one of the staff members came to our table outside once we'd started eating our to-go meals and asked how everything was and even brought us water. Beyond that, they also didn't mind coming outside to deliver both to-go and eat-in orders to customers if they couldn't hear that their number was called. This really is notable because this tiny place leans on the quick, food-to-go side. You order and pay for your food up front and pick it up once your number is called. A majority of diners pick up food to eat elsewhere (much like the restaurants at Asian Ghetto where service is nothing like this). So, in sum, the staff at Suya are both adept and very considerate on the job! Clearly, something worth writing a paragraph about...!But in all seriousness, I don't know why I didn't try Suya earlier than I did but am excited to spend lots and lots more meals here!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,4/8/2014,628,530,22,19,15>I'm a noodle whore.  This place makes me feel like a smart noodle whore, like Pretty Woman of noodle whores.  Does that even make sense?  Oh well, lets just go with EEEEE NOODLES!!!!!Pretty much everything on this menu is "the thing" I would order on an Asian American/European fusion menu.  Not particularly authentic, but really great play and interpretation of Asian flavors.  They do an excellent job of creating a satisfying umami flavor profile.Be ready for generous portions of toothy, delicious noodles.  Want them in soup? Want them saucy, in salad, or stir fried?  Have your pick.  I was really impressed with the quality of ingredients for a reasonable price.  I only have four complaints:1) My steamed dumplings were very watery on the inside, but still very tasty.2) They are pressed for seating so be prepared to wait and be quite cozy with other diners.3) The servers were a bit scattered and inattentive.  Watching my dumplings just sit on the counter for 10 minutes when there were not many people left in the restaurant was quite frustrating.  Service took just a bit longer than was comfortable.4) There are no obvious references to String Theory.  I want something physics related!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,4/7/2014,358,300,4,12,6>Located away from the urban core of Oakland this just might be one of the best kept BBQ secrets in the east bay. It is the ultimate hole in the wall BBQ spot. Came here for a birthday celebration with co-workers and we were all impressed. It's southern inspired cuisine. Portions are huge and the menu is tremendous.We ordered a few different combos and just went family style on the food. The ribs were both flavorful and moist. Beef brisket was marinated well too. Be sure to save room for the sweet potato pie too. This place is run by some down to earth folks that make you feel like family. The kind of family that would have you stay over at their house and then blow you away with the most incredible spread of food during your stay. Genuine hospitality at it's best. What you will appreciate is that they ask patrons to write down on a piece of paper the college you graduated from as well as the year you accomplished it so he can add it to his growing collection all around the restaurant. A powerful, reflective gesture.Excellent BBQ, inspiring notes with outstanding service. It doesn't get better.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,4/6/2014,200,260,10,22,15>It was one of those days when nothing seemed to go right, and by early afternoon I was ready to just throw in the hat and crawl into a hole somewhere. But I was also craving milk tea, and after a furious inner struggle, I decided to trek to Pleasanton and try this new place out. I'm really glad I did!The tea shop itself is a little booth located on the right side of Ranch99 when you first enter, and there are maybe two tables available for patrons to sit and chat. There is a large monitor overhead the cashier displaying ads and the kinds of teas available (although sometimes the transitions are so fast you can't really get a good look at the menu). Service is super friendly, and the girl who was at the register when I went was really sweet and personable, and she even asked if I would like some recommendations, which has never happened at an Asian tea shop before as far as I can remember. I love the fact that everything is really customizable here since I literally customize everything, and I mean EVERYthing, if I can. Plus they make it really clear for you just what options are available, so you can choose less sugar (70%), little sugar (30%), less ice, little ice, no ice, and so on. And they have mung bean as a topping! I didn't get a chance to try it, but I definitely will next time. I adore mung bean to no small degree, but it's the rare tea shop that actually offers it as a topping since boiling it to the right texture can be a tedious task. I'm incredibly particular about my teas, and I was a little skeptical about trying the oolong milk tea here as oolong is my favorite kind of tea and I don't really like any kind of oolong except for the loose-leaf kind my dad brings back from China. I also don't generally like milk teas since I always feel like the milk overpowers the tea and it just tastes like I'm just drinking creamer. But the golden oolong milk tea here (with less ice, little sugar, and herb jelly) is absolutely fantastic. It has that amazing smokey oolong flavor of loose-leaf oolong, and it was strong enough that the milk didn't overpower it but rather complemented it. I thought the little sugar was perfect, and I would recommend less sugar if you like your milk tea pretty sweet, but full sugar might be too sweet. The herb jelly was also really good, with good texture so that it wasn't too gelatinous but also not overly slippery. The portion was generous as well, and although each topping is $0.50, I thought it was reasonable as far as pricing went.Definitely the best milk tea I've had in a long time, and I'll be back to try some of their other teas (and mung bean mmmm). My "one of those" days definitely had a sweet ending.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,4/5/2014,444,238,24,33,29>I've been going through withdrawals, waking up in the middle of the night drenched in sweat, occasional irritability & noticeable hand tremors, ever since Loard's closed up shop in San Ramon... Why? The Peanut Crunch Sundae... Haven't had anything else like it, anywhere... The sundae is built atop a couple of scoops of their signature peanut butter fudge ice cream, generously drizzled with hot fudge, a dollop of whipped cream, a sprinkling of their peanut crunch dust & topped off with a cherry... Absolute perfection... Seems simple, though without THEIR killer ingredients, (regardless of where you have this made), it'll just fall flat... The peanut butter fudge ice cream alone (sans the toppings) is freaking amazing...Pulling up to this particular location, I was already impressed... Had an old time candy store feel with the pink walls, candy-striped booths, cartoony smiley-faced sundaes on the wall & ornamental iron/heart shaped seats (which my wife said were "cute"). Just eating in-house made the overall experience "that much more enjoyable"... Though we arrived just before closing (around 8:10PM on a Friday), we were STILL greeted with a smile from the initial order placement, along with a genuine follow-up smile & Thank You when the ice cream was dropped off at the table... Really got the impression that everyone in the store enjoyed doing what they do... Not something you get all the time, though these type of things make a HUGE, noticeable difference...Yes, we have another Loard's in Alamo (which I haven't yet visited), though I was truly impressed with the overall experience at the Livermore location. The neighborhood itself was reminiscent to areas surrounding Jack London Square & I loved the feeling of stepping back in time as I walked through the doors (not to mention briefly feeling like a kid again).We shall return...
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,4/4/2014,201,268,6,10,8>Wow oh wow! (I love beginning reviews this way :D) Piedmont Ave is a vintage shoppers delight and Kostum is one of the must-stops. Yes, the selection caters to a slightly older woman, but classic style is classic style. My must looks here are the shoes (always hoping for an amazing find), the fur rack (spit at me now PETA), and the jewelry case at the counter.I haven't had any experience with selling through them, but it seems like they are firm on an appointment only policy. But browsing through is a must whenever I'm in the area and have time.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2013,4/3/2014,175,43,5,12,12>Long anticipated by the Berkeley community and definitely the fans of the KoJa food truck that shows up at Off the Grid in Southside Berkeley.KoJa just had it's soft opening today and will continue tomorrow.Naturally upon hearing about the soft opening, I decided to drop by since I am a fan of the food truck. The restaurant hasn't changed too much from the previous establishments but has a very modern and open feel to it. The place is rather small so it is just a grab-and-go place. Not very many places to seat if you are looking for somewhere to dine.Similarly, the menu on the other hand, has not differed either and dons the same menu on its food truck either but with a few additions.One of those was the Pork Belly sandwich, which my girlfriend had. Overall, it was very soft, tender and juicy. The only downside was the amount of fat that were found on some of the pieces of meat. It detracted from the taste and definitely was a turn-off, and would be for most people. However, it should not deter you from trying it! If not for a few excessive amounts of fat at times, it would be excellent. I got the fan favorite, the Short Rib sandwich in my combo that came with Kamikaze fries and a drink. The sandwich was very flavorful and well-marinated. Excellent choice if you are new to the place.The Kamikaze fries are my favorite, aside from the dessert, the Mochimisu. Crisscut fries with bulgogi, green onions. Delish! And if you are willing to go the extra mile, get the Mochimisu. Mochi and Tiramisu are my two favorite things and when you put them together...you get a piece of heaven. I am personally biased but it was an excellent combination of the two.Overall, the establishment itself has not changed much and is just a permanent home for the mobile food truck. No longer do people have to travel to Off the Grid in hopes of finding Koja...it has found a home in Berkeley. Still a fan and will be excited to see what changes to the menu, Koja will bring as they adjust from food truck to restaurant. Be warned though...it is on the pricier side and is in small portions.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2013,4/2/2014,189,14,19,13,9>Dear Joshu-Ya,This is my open love letter to you. I know we've only known each other since I came to Berkeley three years ago, but I wouldn't want to be with anyone else. You are quiet and unassuming, tucked into the corner of Telegraph and Dwight, but I know better- you are lovely and I knew from the first moment I met you, this was meant to be!The tapas and larger plates are amazing! The meat is always really well cooked and presented well- kobe beef sliders, scallop &risotto, pork belly soba. I adore the rolls- lucky danny, hawaii, cherry blossom, paparazzi and of course sashimi- uni and toro! I love that it changes the menu seasonally- adding more things for me to try! I recommend the tempura green tea ice cream for dessert! The complimentary warm tea and miso soup make me happy too! Oh Joshu-Ya, as much as I love you, I know we don't know everything about each other yet, since I haven't had the lunch menu but I heard it's well-priced for the amount of food given and a great take-out choice!The outdoor seating is perfect for the summer and kept heated in the winter. The servers are friendly, kind and always quick, except when it's really busy during dinner time- reservations are definitely needed and expect a bit of a wait. I enjoy the general atmosphere, cleanliness and look of the place! Also for a slightly-nicer place, the location is so convenient (for south side people), it's ridiculous!Let's just be honest though, Joshu-Ya, you are my go-to date night place, sorry for all the boys I bring to you! On the other hand you work as the perfect place as dinner for a group of friends too!I would recommend you to anyone- definitely a favorite of mine in Berkeley!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,4/1/2014,1017,341,5,13,8>In honor of Oakland Restaurant Week 2014, my uncle, brother and I decided to try an Oakland restaurant we hadn't already been to and made reservations at Pican for brunch on a Saturday morning. We were greeted by a very friendly host named Sam, who ended up being our waiter for the day, and upon seating us gave us multiple suggestions for specials of the day. The brunch menu is varied in terms of what you can order - from a full Southern breakfast to pancakes, to oxtail spaghetti, there is something for everyone's tastes. I ordered the blueberry pancake stack with maple syrup and a side of Cajun bacon, and to start we ordered beignets for the table.The beignets came out pretty quickly and were delicious, airy, doughy pillows dusted with powdered sugar and just the right amount of sweet, not heavy or oily. Our entrees came out soon after, and I was greeted to the most amazing stack of blueberry pancakes I've ever had. Three giant, fluffy pancakes filled with juicy, sweet whole blueberries with a dusting of powdered sugar and a dollop of butter, and a side of maple syrup to add to your liking. It was such a big portion that I couldn't finish it. The three strips of Cajun bacon were thick-cut and had a heck of a kick of heat and spice that was a really great contrast to the sweetness of the pancakes.We still managed to squeeze in some dessert, and Sam recommended the banana bread pudding, so we got an order of it along with a slice of the flourless chocolate cake with a side of caramelized apples. Both desserts were outstanding just like our meals.Service here is wonderful; Sam was one of the friendliest waiters I've ever had in any restaurant I've ever been to, and the other wait staff was eager to help and were always refilling water and taking plates without us ever having to look up to catch someone's attention. When I ordered a pot of hot tea, a waiter came over and held open a large case of various teas for me to choose from and stood patiently while I made my decision - now that's service!My only complaint about my meal, and it is a small one, is that for the pancakes we were charged $2.00 extra for syrup - if you're ordering pancakes generally it just comes with the meal because it's assumed more often than not you're going to want it. It just seemed like a way to get a little extra out of you for something that should just be complimentary. It's kind of like charging extra for butter on your toast.For the appetizer, three drinks, three meals, two desserts, and the a la carte menu items, the total came out to $98. I thought that was really reasonable not only for the amount of food on everyone's plates, but for the great service and gorgeous surroundings - Pican is a warm, beautiful restaurant with a southern influenced interior that's classy not kitschy in the least. Modern with an amber glow that would probably be lovely at night. A great way to kick off ORW2014, and a place I'd love to return to.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,3/31/2014,42,127,9,12,11>I've been taking my miniature poodle here for grooming for about 8 years. I've tried a couple of other places because Albany is kind of a drive for me, but no one else does as good of a job. Also, we don't have her cut "like a poodle" and Dog's Best Friend never gives us a hard time about it---one of the other places I tried treated me like a bad dog owner because I didn't want my dog to have pouffy, fluffy bits on her.In fact, I *am* kind of a bad dog owner since I only take her in for grooming about once every 2-3 months, but which time her hair is so long that she can barely find her food bowl. No problem for these guys, they do a great job every time. They also pluck her ear hair (something poodles need to have done), cut her nails etc.I think the prices are very fair. And Rachel at the front desk is always friendly and very sweet to my dog who is not always enthusiastic about getting groomed.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,3/30/2014,86,98,12,10,9>Diggers don't play!They make sure you come out full! Well, "full" is a bit of an understatement. They make sure you sluggishly crawl out on your bulging belly. A full breakfast dish can feed 2 light eaters; all for the price of $6-$7! I've tried the Chicken Fried Steak, Kitchen Sink Omelet, Cinnamon Roll and their waffles. They all didn't disappoint.And their garlic fries? Best I've had. Better than AT&T park Gilroy garlic fries.Being family operated, their customer service is also very friendly and upbeat!I just love me some breakfast coma!
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,3/29/2014,138,166,7,10,8>I LOVE this place!They have never steered me wrong here :)My FAVORITE pastry there is the Lemon Meyer Bun - I am just drooooling writing about it.  It has the perfect balance of Lemon tartness and the sweetness from the icing!It Goes super yummy with a HOT glass of team :)Another of my favorite is the Nutella Poptart! When you warm in up for a coupel minutes in the toaster oven - holy moly DELICIOUSIt goes yummy with a cup of coffee!!I have also walked away with a few mini pies and they have always been super yummy and super sweet - so when you have that craving this is the place to go!I have also tried a few of the empanadas - so far i haven't found one that i did not like :)If i could make one suggestion - make a couple Vegan Options ( i have family members who would love it here but they are vegan and i know there are more and more vegans out there)OVERALL - Ill be back for those Lemon Meyer Buns!!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,3/28/2014,2243,356,9,14,12>There's so many healthy choices here--literally millions!   And I love the freedom of creating my own masterpiece of deliciousness.  It's always a salad here for me and I really like that although you pay for the extras, extras are no problem.  (NOTHING drives me more nuts than charging for extras, but then getting stingy with the extras).  I actually giggled today when my salad maker put down the spoon and grabbed the parmesan with his whole (gloved) hand!  Now that's what I'm talking about, people!!!  Get in there and don't be afraid!!  LOL Thank you for not making me stress about having to ask for more.  :-)  My only note for next time is that I will size down on the salad because it was way too much food.  I'm not complaining, whatsoever, just too big of a portion.  All in all, thumbs up from me.  :0)
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,3/27/2014,356,481,8,15,11>Not for the faint of heart! My roomie raved about this place, since she tried it in New York. Last week she grabbed some slices for game day and brought them home, and hoooooo my god she was not kidding when she said these slices are massive! Folks, listen to the yelp reviews. One slice will easily feed two, maybe even three people. Aside from the size of the slices, they are absolutely decadent. I only tried their signature artichoke, but that was enough to get me hooked. Nice chewy crust with a delicious cream sauce, artichoke, spinach, and cheese. There's no red sauce on this one, and it is insanely rich. While it's tasty, it can definitely get overwhelming after awhile, which is why I would absolutely not recommend you try to conquer an entire slice on your own (or at least in one sitting). Also, I was hoping for some more artichoke on the pizza, due to the namesake. Still, overall it was a very different, very tasty slice, and I'd definitely come back to try their other flavors!
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,3/26/2014,452,219,6,9,6>Such a random selection of food here, but all so good. Cajun, Thai, and Vietnamese? What can possibly go wrong? I arrived between lunch and dinner hours, and only one other table was filled. But I can see the potential of this place. I saw all the pictures for shrimp and craw by the pound. I also see they have dancing here on certain wednesdays of the month. What a great place! Large area for seating, a bar area, a dancing area with stage. I think with the right advertisement this place could be a lot of people's fav. Got the Ka soy and Pad Thai with Thai ice tea. Very good Thai Ice tea, not overly sweet. All the food comes in Large portions, and the price is very much not expensive at all, especially for what you get. The Ka Soy was on point, a bit too much soup, but the smell, flavor, was just right. Pad Thai was also OK, the noodles were cooked just right, not too rubbery or too soft. Again, the portions are huge we couldn't finish any of the food. I definitely give one whole stars for the hot sauces! Wow so much selection of really good traditional hot sauces brought to the table. You can find a hot sauce for any dish they have, and they are all soo good. I definitely recommend this place to everyone, even if you don't live nearby I think it's a great place and a nice drive around this area.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,3/25/2014,206,442,6,18,14>I hope you're sitting down for this...there is a VEGAN restaurant in the Tri-Valley!  While I'm not vegan, I adore having a healthy and filling salad for lunch.  Today I grabbed my vegan co-worker and another willing diner and headed over to Blossom.  I ordered the Quinoa Salad which was huge and only cost $7.50.  My co-workers ordered the Veggie Chow Mein and the Lemon "Chicken".  We all thoroughly enjoyed our food and were very happy with the price point.I was surprised at how nice the interior is, considering it's in a small strip mall.  Also, the employees were kind and our food came out quickly.I can't wait to return to Blossom to try more dishes!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,3/24/2014,246,234,12,18,18>Ever since I could remember, I've always wanted to volunteer for Habitat for Humanity (H4H). Like every person, I made several reasons (more excuses) as to why I couldn't make the time. Work, family, weather, health and etc. I probably used every "excuse" in the book. As my goal for 2014 to do 100 community service hours, I finally registered.I used Govoluntr, govoluntr.com to sign up which directed me to the main website of H4H habitatebsv.org. You'll have to create an account and then choose the date and location you want to volunteer. To my surprise and I do mean surprise, they had a construction site in Walnut Creek. Upon arrival, we signed in and met with the H4H crew. I learned that any (low income) family can apply for a H4H home, as long as you're in NEED of shelter, can repay a no interest bearing home loan, and volunteer several hundred hours (min 500) of building your home and other homes. All homes are built solely by volunteers and donated products.We were given 3 options this day: Outdoor siding, base board finish/touchup, or lay wood flooring. Since myself and my lil man, laid wood flooring before (long ago) we decided to tackle this project. Our team leader was Ian.  My lil man grouped up with a younger team to finish one room and me and my honey finished one room.  Maybe we didn't finish it at the end of our 7.5 hour day, but we were darn close. I tell you what I wished I had knee pads. This was a work out because the next day my butt and thighs were sore.This was an amazing experience. I would highly recommend any parent bring their child (must be atleast 16 years old) to experience this. They will learn a lot about repairing and building. Every time I drive by this community, I can actually say I helped build that house. That alone is gratification. So no more excuses everyone. I work 8-10 hour days, family, yelp, church, kids practice/games and I found time to give back to the community. Put down the remote control and find a nearest volunteer service in your community and make a difference in someone's life.Next on my list Princess Project...here I come!!
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,3/23/2014,654,850,9,18,14>I am not a fan of sour beers.At least that's what I thought based on my previous experiences with sour beers. At least that's what I thought before Rare Barrel.But regardless of any preconceptions I had of sours, when I heard a microbrewery opened a couple blocks away from my work, I knew I had to check it out. So on the 1st Friday that I knew about this place (they're only open Fridays & Saturdays), I went over right after work.1st of all, this place is set off the street, way back at the end of a parking lot next to Nolo Books. Yeah, I went right by it a couple times, even while using GPS nav, Google Maps & the picture of the building on the Yelp page.Once inside, it's a somewhat small, simple, cleanly decorated space for the tasting room, flanked by barrels, with a vast warehouse beyond for brewing & more barrels. There's a short bar, about a dozen taps & a small kitchen that serves Paninis.During my near weekly visits up to this point, I've tried just about every 1 of their sours. To varying degrees, I've liked every single 1. For someone who previously would not have considered sour beers enjoyable at all, this is some kind of amazing.Maybe it's just that I've started to acquire a taste for sours. Maybe it's just that Rare Barrel's sours are more accessible to beer drinkers who are not total sour zealots. Maybe it's just that Rare Barrel's sours are better than a lot of other sours.Maybe it's even a little of all of those things. Whatever the case may be, the folks at Rare Barrel are doing something transformative, for me at least. Because for a guy who was not a fan of sour beers, I now look forward to a sour or 2 after work on Fridays
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,3/22/2014,463,792,6,9,9>I'm hooked. The beer is my absolute favorite, taking the title held for the last 20 years by Anchor Steam. The Left Coast is still my favorite but the Hella Lite tastes almost the same and has less alcohol so you can drink more. It tastes SO good and SO unlike light beer that my girlfriend and I joked about the Seinfeld episode where they eat "fat free" frozen yogurt and gain weight because it wasn't really fat free. That said, I'll believe their claims on alcohol content and continue to make it my beer of choice at lunch. Shoutout to their amazing logoed merchandise. I've gotten my whole family dressed in ABW swag and we get compliments wherever we go. It's a little bit of a zoo on weekends but that's because it's a great product served by nice people. And thanks to them for ditching the little plastic cups in favor or real glassware. Hats off to Steve and the folks at Altamont for doing Livermore proud.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,3/21/2014,277,382,7,10,9>A very-Berkeley coffee shop with attitude. Fertile grounds is perfectly at home in Berkeley because it has  activist inclinations. Their wifi password dontdronemebro should be enough to give you a feel of where their political opinions fall. Speaking of wifi, it is fast and stable, which is always appreciated. The little terrace on the second floor always has plenty of tables and power outlets are plentiful. The local artwork for sale on the walls is a nice touch as well. FG will definitely become one of my first choices for looking for a coffee shop on Northside.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,3/20/2014,999,361,9,17,17>I'm only the 10th reviewer? I need to tell all my friends about this little gem.I genuinely love writing 5 star reviews. I went straight to work after eating here and I couldn't stop thinking about my amazing experience today.After going to the gym, I was biking towards work. It was about 2:38pm when I passed by Whipple Taqueria. I remember someone talking about how bomb their tacos are so I told myself I'd come back another time. Then I remembered that I'm going on a diet starting this Friday, so I immediately turned back around.I got 3 spicy pork tacos for $3.31. $1 tacos all day everyday?! Taco Mondays, Taco Tuesdays, Taco Wednesdays, Taco Thursdays, Taco Fridays, Taco Saturdays, and Taco Sundays!!!!!! I only had change on me so I gave the cashier hella quarters. I apologized and he laughed, saying that they needed change anyway :)My tacos came out in less than 2 minutes. It was 2:46pm so I scarfed my tacos down. Oh my goodness, they were so delicious. They were fully packed with meat, onions, and cilantro, yummy! The tortillas were perfectly cooked, slightly crispy, just how I like them. I drizzled tapatio sauce over them and let me tell you, the taste of these tacos are worth more than $1 each. I ended up being 3 minutes late to work, but it was so worth it.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,3/19/2014,214,119,8,15,12>I have been looking for a phenomenal brunch spot, and this place is definitely a contender!I love that they have my all time brunch essential; mimosas; available in a pitcher size =D!The food:  Salmon Hash (special) - the hash (house potatoes) were overly salted, and since the salmon was mixed in with the hash it made the dish hard to enjoy.Nutella French Toast - I've never had French toast before, but I love Nutella!  This dish was pretty good.  I just wish that the chef would top the French toast with REAL whip cream instead of the fake can stuff.  This would actually make this dish so much better!!  The reason why I gave this spot 4 stars is because I think it is a cute little restaurant with reasonable prices, good service, great location, yummy mimosas, and I'll have to give the food a few more tries before I change my rating to 5 stars.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2013,3/18/2014,303,540,10,19,14>Thaigasm!!A really great Thai restaurant in an easily accessible location, with plenty of parking in the attached multi-level garage.  A friend and I had dinner around 7 on a Tuesday night, and the place was plenty full but we were still seated immediately.  The inside of the restaurant is really gorgeous, with an understated elegance but still a casual and comfy feel.  Oh yeah - Bistro style!  :)  Loved it!  Their menu is very extensive, with lunch specials and many entrees to be shared family style.  We started with their Kacha Mai Tai which is delightful - not a traditional Mai Tai at all, very coconuty, like a tropical vacation in a glass!  And we were going to pass on an app and just go for the main courses but when the table next to us received their app, we had to get nosey and ask what it was so we could indulge too!  It was their Lady Fingers (spring rolls), which we had with shrimp - fried to perfection, yummy flavorful filling, and paired with awesome sweet chili sauce. The staff was super friendly and attentive, all smiles and professionalism, and when we saw them coming with our entree order, it practically caused a scene because their presentations are spectacular!  Our pumpkin curry with chicken arrived served in a half pumpkin and topped with Thai basil, overflowing with sauce and veggies onto the large platter.  The vegetarian pineapple fried rice came in half a pineapple, piled high and loaded with veggies and tofu.  And our BBQ pork was the most modest plate, but still tantalizing.  And everything was delicious and plentiful - the pumpkin curry sauce was heavenly, and the grilled pork with the chilled garlic sauce was divine!  We stuffed ourselves good and still had plenty for lunch leftovers!  If I had to say anything negative, the vegetables in the pineapple fried rice were pretty large, so it wasn't 100% fork friendly, but that's really it - this was a delicious experience!As others have said, the pricetag is a little high (1 app, 2 cocktails and 3 entrees were $72 with tax before tip), but you definitely get what you pay for in portion and deliciousness, plus charming atmosphere.  Go check out Kacha!!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,3/17/2014,126,1452,14,21,21>Pizza is one of the few things my husband can eat now with his restricted diet.  Don't you wish your doctor told you to eat more pizza and wine? He got the green light for pizza all the time.The first thing is how amazingly kid friendly this place is.  Pizza, rare medical disorders and kids = win win from my family.  They also had awesome kids cups.  It was a nice touch that didn't go unappreciated by me.Our seat was at the window with melted candles lining the sill.  They closed the curtain for us so the sun wouldn't burn our eyes out.I started with the Arugula Salad.  It was made perfectly.  It was fresh and light and helped stave off my engorgement of pizza. I unfortunately don't have the Ok from my Dr for the pizza diet.  We had the Mushroom Pizza.  It has Sausage, onion and garlic.  The Sausage was too spicy for my son and my sensitive palate.  I wish the menu indicated this before hand.  Mushrooms were excellent. Thin crust was so mouthwatering.  I looooove a thin crust.In the mix of all of this my Husband had the Dark and Stormy cocktail. I wasn't partaking but he said it was made perfectly.So then we had the best desert ever.  When I say this I mean we still talk about it with great fondness. It was the Butterscotch Pudding.  It was astounding at how delicious it was.  Every bite I could feel my tongue thinking "Holy Sh*t!"  Yes my tongue has a mind of its own.  It was pleased.Other than unexpectedly spicy sausage this place was one of my favorite new places to visit in 2013.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,3/16/2014,334,415,9,11,9>Go for the lunch specials and you will leave happy with a full belly and only $6 lighter. Outside of lunch time, the entrees are a little splurgier, but there are plenty of other options that will still get you out the door for under $10. Pupusas are $2.50 all the time, and the fried yucca are perfection.Don't be shy with the tomato-ey sauce and vinegared cabbage on the table - it's the perfect complement to anything and everything on the menu! I particularly love how satisfying the menu is for someone who needs both gluten AND lactose free options. I never feel like I'm missing out on anything at all!The ambiance can be a little desolate at night, but just keep your head down and buried in the food (and hopefully good company?) and you'll be good to go.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,3/15/2014,142,274,12,13,15>Ippuku is the worst kind of restaurant.  It's fantastic, always busy, and NOT on OpenTable.  How am I supposed to deal with that?? Lucky for me, I'm a prematurely old lady and eat dinner at 5, so I always manage to snag a table.   Planning ahead's for suckers.  Admittedly, I've had better yakitori (see: Yakitori Totto in NYC), but this is not merely an izakaya, it's a little slice of Japan right here in the heart of Berkeley.  You can even take your shoes off at some tables!  Maybe it's the smoke from the grill, the profusion of wood, maybe the upside down bottles and fresh fruit at the bar, or even the curtains, but Ippuku lends itself to being one of the most surprisingly romantic restaurants in town. There's no champagne or violins, no fancy chandeliers or bow-tied servers with one hand forever concealed behind their backs.  It's raw and sensual and mystifying.  The no cell phone rule leaves your hands open to playfully hit your fiancé on the arm when he makes a bad joke, clean the bowl from your squid ink fried rice with your fingers, or just remind yourselves that you still enjoy each other's company.  Facebook can wait.  To help you achieve this state of bliss, may I suggest some libations in the form of umeshu or salted plum cocktails.  Interspersed with about 3 orders each of squid ink fried rice and potato salad with spicy roe.  Remember, this place is for sharing.  Sharing.  Don't be greedy; spread the love.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,3/14/2014,32,230,9,16,13>My 200th review goes to all the local farmers and specialty food purveyors that make the Grand Lake Farmers Market such a happy and wonderful experience every time I go.  You guys are awesome.  Thank you for treating me to lots of free samples and patiently teaching me how to prepare all the new veggies I find like red orach and purslane.Especially on a nice sunny day, Grand Lake Farmers Market can really feel like a happy outdoor festival where you get to try new things and feel good about supporting local farmers and eating well.  I almost always pick something up Bicycle Coffee and Tofu Yu (usually the soy cheese sushi, which tastes much better than it sounds).  I also love the miso dressings from NaGo, but they are also available at Berkeley Bowl so sometimes I will just get it from there.  I also recommend trying the fresh summer rolls from Andy and Cindy's Thai food - super fresh and delicious!TIP #1:  I can usually find free parking in the surrounding residential neighborhood west of Grand Avenue if you're able to carry your groceries a bit.TIP #2: A lot of the veggies go on sale after 1pm to make Grand Lake Farmers Market a more affordable shopping experience.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,3/13/2014,216,172,4,10,9>One does not enter a restaurant named after "little pigs" and then order something that's not pig-related. Such was my justification as I ordered my traditional Alsacienne tarte flambée, and BOY! (or girl!) I was not disappointed. There was plenty of bacon to go all around, and the chives provided a delicious, visually complementary component to the pizza. The first bite made me want to melt like the heady and strong Emmental cheese that topped the tart. Even though a bacon and cheese pizza sounds like it'd be a heavy meal, the phyllo-like dough that they use to make the thin crust keeps it light. Trust me, you'll be tempted to eat all eight slices in one sitting! Although the onions weren't as caramelized as they could be, this bacon tart packs enough flavor into each slice.Verdict: I will definitely be returning to try out their rotisserie chicken and to sample a bit of their impressive charcuterie, including a duck and hazelnut pâté!
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,3/12/2014,182,408,15,20,12>I never thought I liked donuts; they're too heavy, too big, too sweet, and not enough complexity in flavor to make me waste the belly space... Until Donut Savant. My colleague surprised me with a couple babes (donuts) from this place and I had obsessed over them for month! He brought me the Dark Chocolate Bar and the Salted Maple Hole. OH MY GOD. So perfect!The hours always conflicted with my work schedule, so I quit my job and found one that would allow me to go to Donut Savant whenever I needed my fix. I finally found this little spot, easy to overlook on a block of Broadway that hasn't been hit with new shops and galleries yet. But when I walked in and saw all the cute little one-bit sized donuts I couldn't decide which ones I wanted to try... So I ordered one of each. Here's how it goes:Salted Maple Hole: Not too sweet. A little sprinkle of sea salt on top makes this one absolutely perfect.Powdered Chocolate Hole: Bitter, very little sweetness. Yumm!!Vanilla Glazed Hole: Too sweet. I'd eat it again anyway.Cinnamon & Sugar Hole: Too much sugar. Wish it were a little more cinnamon-yMaple Bar: I don't know how they're able to make such a buttery, melt-y frosting goodness. I usually scrape frosting off of things, but I could eat this by itself and I did!Dark Chocolate Bar: MY FAVORITE. The dark chocolate frosting is super dark and bitter against the not very sweet donut. Holy Jesus. I love you.*Apple Fritter: This one had just come out of the oven when I got there and I ate one on the spot. This is my second favorite. And I don't even like apples. Something very homey, guilt-free, and totally orgasmic about it.The best thing about Donut Savant is that all the donuts are miniature! It's so easy to monitor your intake and at the same time feel like you can eat 10 since they're so tiny.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,3/11/2014,101,82,12,13,13>I have been a regular of Bob's Hoagy Steaks since 1994. My relationship with them has outlasted boyfriends and a (now ex) husband. My ex actually took me here to announce that he was leaving me! Beat that! Lol!  But, that did not stop me from coming back, because I love their Mushroom Hoagie. I've never had an authentic Philly cheese steak, but who cares what they title this sandwich? It's delicious, flavorful, and filling! I love the fries and curly fries, too. My pescatarian teenager loves the fish and chips, as does my neighbor.I've tried their rice dishes and soups and those are all yummy as well. I adore their shrimp tempura! The place is not fancy, but it's clean. Oh and the owner-the older Asian woman, Angela, is nice. Sometimes, she has her moods, as we all do. When she asked, "Where's Your Husband?"  I told her," We're Divorced." She didn't make it awkward. She simply said, "You didn't need him anyways." So, she gets 5000 stars for being observant, smart , and 'Team Charlene' ;-)
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,3/10/2014,610,620,11,15,15>For those of us that grew up pumping quarters into the pizza parlor arcade games in the 80s, this place is heaven. For $10, I was transported back to my childhood and entertained for hours. They play awesome music from the era on the jukebox and have just about every game I remember being obsessed with as a kid. We were there with a party: A birthday party that I coordinated and planned around this arcade. I was the Game Master and after a scavenger hunt & some clues, our final destination was High Scores.We all had a blast. Jousting, leaping, defending, driving, climbing, and street fighting to our hearts content. My buddy said he woke up the next morning still giggling and called his birthday "magical".There were kids of various ages with us, including my 14 year old and her boyfriend.  They were perched on the multi-player Tetris game for hours. They both said they had a great time. One of the other little ones was ecstatic to see Dig Dug. I forgot how much I loved playing Burger Time!So, for all ages and kinds - High Scores is a Win.  I will not say Game Over, because we will definitely be back!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,3/9/2014,248,124,7,13,9>Inventive eats, simple ingredients.Having lived on College Avenue for two years, I've tried most if not all of it's restaurants, but also being in grad school with a student budget, I don't have the means for expensive meals. After getting an amazing back massage at About Face & Body, I looked for a lunch spot along College Avenue. Voilà! I remembered Southie, the sister restaurant to the well-known Wood Tavern. Southie, like it's sister, has great food ingeniously prepared with simple ingredients. Imagine the food you thought you knew, re-invented. It is a casual, affordable spot--perfect for people who want the gourmet food without the gourmet price. I had lunch at Southie once before, so I knew I was in for a treat. Fried Pork Belly sandwich - Alright, this crispy fatty fried pork belly was deliciously sandwiched with avocado, cumin carrots, kohlrabi, jalapeño, and fried garlic-chili mayo in an Acme torpedo roll. It was obvious that the pork belly came straight from the deep fryer....mmm...now this was a sandwich!Don't get me started on the bread. Acme Bread Company is one of my favorite bakeries. They make their bread fresh every day, and sell it locally all over the Bay Area. (FYI, if you ever happen upon an Acme Bread bakery, get the monkey bread and toast it. You're welcome.)So if you want to indulge on good food, but don't have the deep pockets for expensive restaurants, Southie is a reliable place for good eats.----If you like my review, make sure to check out my personal blog: sassymissclassy.blogspot…
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,3/8/2014,159,118,14,22,13>I'm not sure who's been telling all these pizza places to flock to Berkeley, but if they keep up this trend I'm not complaining. Pieology has this assembly line thing down. And since I haven't memorized all the deep/witty/cynical quotes on the wall yet, the wait time is still bearable. The ingredients here aren't as fancy as BUILD's menu, but who cares when it turns out just as delicious and the crust ain't burnt (I'm looking at you too, Jupiter)? Pieology really takes customization to heart - the dough is your canvas. You can go modern art and mix everything together or just get an old fashioned (up to four) cheese pizza. There's even gluten-free dough to cater to the gluten sensitive! And don't forget your after-bakes. The wait time during the evening is probably the biggest drawback since it could take a while to even get to the line to make your pizza, not to mention the cooking time. There's really not that much that can be done about it, and luckily on the busier nights usually by the time you finish ordering some seating is available. It can also get pretty noisy in here at night so you may have to use your indoor sports venue voice. Just in case you haven't realized by now, you're getting a full, thin crust pizza. So depending on your appetite, this could be anywhere from 1-3 meals. From personal experience, rebaking leftovers the next day still tastes awesome, although your meat will be pretty tough and after-bakes may make your pizza soggy.The bathroom is typically fast food restaurant quality, with three stalls in the women's. The employees are kept busy restocking everything so check the toilet paper dispenser before it's too late.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,3/7/2014,92,263,7,10,10>Yup. The doughnuts are good. Addicting even...In fact, a friend of mine from outta town was so in love with these donuts that she wanted them as her 'grooms cake' for her wedding - and so it happened. An order of 150 of these gems was placed a month in advance with a custom stamp on the sleeve to boot! Well done! They were a huge hit - and made for a memorable and delicious surprise at the wedding.Favorite: The jam filled ones always go over well with the masses in my opinion.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,3/6/2014,127,155,7,20,14>I'm going to say it. Best. cheeseburger. I ever had. So far in my 22 years of life. I was skeptical of Yelp's review because I'm not so easily impressed with American cuisine restaurants. But hands down to Scolari's who defied everything I thought I knew about burgers.Quick facts:- It fits about 6 bar stools, that's it, so most people order take out. Some other yelper mentioned that you can eat at the bar next door, which I'll try next time. - There's the normal menu and then there's the specials menu on the chalkboard. - Cash only! There's an ATM machine inside, though.(+) Cheeseburger! Scolari's has The Best of Alameda Cheeseburger award of 2012, and I can see why. A ridiculous  5-6 inches tall burger, ridiculous. Super juicy and flavorful patty, cooked perfectly to medium. Topped with American cheese that added to the richness, red onion, pickles, and a big leaf of lettuce. Not your typical iceburg either, it had the texture of spinach almost,; I have no idea what it's called. Thousand island dressing (I think?) was smeared on the patties, which were super soft, brioche-like. 9$(+) Taylor ham, fried egg, cheese on brioche sandwich: About 4 layers of thick cut ham, and it was amazing ham, not the typical deli style ham. Fried egg cooked over medium, soft brioche buns. This was just as good as the cheeseburger. $7.50(+) Garlic Fries (full order): We definitely should have ordered the half order. Between two of us, we hardly made a dent on the whole order; it looked like they gave us 2 or 3 potatoes. There were pepper seeds in there, so it was almost too spicy for me to handle. Full garlic flavor. A little too greasy for my taste, so I can do without the fries next time. About an hour later, though, the fries seemed to taste better cold!$7Service:- Super down to earth staff! The waitress is a busy lady so she's on the go most of the time, but enjoys what she does and treats the customers well!  If you're sitting in, she checks up on you.  - The food was so good it was one of those times when there were no words said and we were just eating. The line chef calls over, "Is everything alright? It got so quiet I had to check!" I wonder if he has to do that all the time.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,3/5/2014,158,99,6,14,10>Oh just another berkeley hippie commune hole in the wall place that exceeds your expectations and keeps you coming back for more, more, more! Polenta is big at this joint and the black bean polenta is especially filling and nourishing. Polenta pizza is okay too but not as much of a wealth of flavors. The juices are good and unbelievably potent with vitamins & minerals but watch the add-ons as they get rather expensive for a relatively small cup. Like I said, it's a veritable hole in the wall with just the buzz buzz buzz of activity and employees rushing about so take your food and enjoy it on the sidewalk outside or another grassy patch of wonderland in the gourmet ghetto area. This is definitely the place to be if you want to feel refreshed but not too full, healthy, but not too rabbit-like.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,3/4/2014,55,294,6,11,8>Oh Patty... How I love your zombies!This brings me back about a decade ago when I was at Acalanes, everyday at break me and my buddies would buy a zombie. It was something of a staple in your diet at the time; get a quick bite to eat, chat it up for a few minutes, then off to 3rd period.Now that I'm an adult (or so my wife says) I haven't been able to cure my zombie craving since leaving school. Thanks to my fellow yelpers, I have discovered my new ritual!I've been here about 1/2 a dozen times since they opened and I've sampled quite a few tasty zombies. My favorites include the breakfast zombie, which has a sausage patty, egg, bacon, and cheese. The ham, cheese, jalapeno is a also very delicious. The hot link zombie is huge, and as for the special zombies, I have had the pastrami, chicken bacon ranch, and the sriracha zombie, and all are delicious in their own right. If you are anything like my wife, American cheese may not be your thing, and that's ok! All of the special zombies use other cheeses, like monterey jack. My only gripe? Price. I remember when these used to be a dollar. But hey, I'm willing to pay more something delcious and nostalgic.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,3/3/2014,291,487,8,21,18>Ahhh, real Greek food just like you would find in Greece.  That's something you don't find in the Bay Area very often.  This is a fairly new restaurant that just opened in November.  It is gorgeous inside...very cozy with tasteful decor.  I was sold on this place once I read the menu online.  Grilled octopus, fried smelt, gigantes, moussaka, grilled fish, plus a fairly extensive list of Greek wines.  I knew I had to take my Greek hubby here!  The food is organic, which is another big plus.We made a reservation, which probably wasn't necessary on a Tuesday night but more likely needed on the weekend.  For appetizers we ordered the octopus, smelt, & the triada which consisted of spicy red pepper feta dip, tzatziki, & eggplant dip.  It came with warm rosemary pitas.  Delicious!  The octopus & smelt were amazing too.  I don't know how they get their octopus so tender!  I ate most of it since hubby knows it's my favorite.For my main dish I ordered the wood fired Mediterranean seabass.  I can't resist ordering whole fish at a Greek restaurant.  According to my hubby, this particular type of fish (called lavraki) is very difficult to catch since they are very fast swimmers.  It is rare to find this on a menu in Greece, let alone in Berkeley!  It was probably the best grilled fish I have ever tasted, just simply prepared with some lemon wedges, capers, & rosemary.  It was quite a large portion served over rice.  I only wish it would have come with a side of some veggies but I suppose I could have ordered a salad if I wasn't so stuffed.  Hubby got the wood fired chicken which he loved.  I'm sure their dessert, bakalva, was amazing but I just couldn't eat another bite.  Next time.  This is our new fave restaurant in the East Bay!
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,3/2/2014,42,218,6,10,8>I thought that a meal that consisted of fried catfish, barbecue ribs, fried chicken, jumbalaya, mac 'n cheese, potato salad, and hush puppies would certainly be a deadly combination, but after days of anticipation, I just couldn't control myself and went for it all.  Angeline's delivered. It was so good that afterward I think even my body was fell into a state of disbelief rather than a food coma of epic proportions.Everything was really really really good, but there had to be a winner. We went around the table and the natural pecking order came out to be something like this:1) Ribs2) Catfish3) Jumbalaya4) Fried ChickenThe top three were really close--maybe too close to have called--but honestly you can't go wrong with any of those entrees. They were also delivered in near picture-perfect plating, adding to the curb appeal.The sides: mac 'n cheese, brussel sprouts, hush puppies, potato salad, sweet potato mash, were all more than capable of standing on their own, helping to make everything quite harmoniously.And daaamnnn...those beignets were a great way to end it all. Can't forget those.  Almost had a Tony Montana moment with mountain of powdered sugar set before me.I had some leftovers three days later and several of the dishes held up remarkably well. That's gotta be a first.To wrap things up: the service was quite good and overall a couple of notches above what I expected coming into the restaurant. Parked over on a lot off Bancroft to beat trying to fight for street spots.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,3/1/2014,252,167,6,12,9>Easily my favorite coffee shop in Berkeley! Ambiance, delicious coffee and pastries, and apparently, also fantastic brunch and dinner plates--what else can you ask for? I live very near College, so I am able to frequent as much as my heart desires, which is really nice! The first time I went, I shared a mocha with a friend. We expected a simple mocha in a cup, but the experience is so much more than just ordering coffee! Let's start with the shop itself: Cute, quaint little place on the corner of the street with windows so you can people watch and allowing a little sunlight to come through during the day. Next, even though you come intending to just have some coffee, of course you're enticed by the abundance of pastries and treats available near the register (well done, elmwood). To drink, I've had the mocha, which comes out in these huge bowls that just give your coffee drinking experience a whole new dimension. The mochas are rich and chocolatey making you question whether it's coffee or just hot fudge inside--not complaining at all. But if you're looking for something a little less rich, their lattes are on point and even come with beautiful coffee art for those of us obsessed with that! To eat, I have tried the brownie and the warm biscuit with their jam--both off the charts and exceptionally tasty. I was extremely impressed by the biscuit- so flakey, soft, yet crisp where it needs to be all at the same time. And the jam and butter that come with the biscuit send you over the moon. Seriously. Heavenly with a latte. Finally, just when you think you've raved about this place enough, you realize you haven't. As you order, you get your name written on a cute little sign, instead of being given a number or having to give them your name to call out. Such a cute and personal touch, which is exactly what you need and love about  a coffee shop like this one! The baristas are always far too kind, always giving good suggestions and the crowd is always an interesting old: elderly individuals reading their morning papers, college students cranking out term papers or leisurely reading, and of course, the randoms who you can't quite place. The ambiance is eclectic and irresistible. I will most definitely be back! I want to try their breakfast dishes (pumpkin waffles, poached eggs, etc) and some of those delicious soups other Yelpers are raving about!
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2013,2/28/2014,330,444,7,12,11>Now that I've lived in Richmond for almost a year, and visited Salute E Vita a few times, I can create a mostly informed, somewhat thoughtful review.  I enjoy lunch here most, because I like seeing the water and checking out all of the boats in the Marina.   I like sitting at the bar too.  It's very bright, spacious, and always has an interesting crowd. This is a house converted into a restaurant, and it's got a great, open, bright feeling- I like sitting in the far back of the house, where the wall of windows are, so I can see the Marina. I obviously love being on the water. Although the parking lot could use a repaving, and the house itself needs paint, repairs and landscaping, it kind of works for the area.  Which is, a redevelopment of an old industrial waterfront that's got a lot of history, part of our military industrial complex- giant shipyards which are no more-now, new condos and stuff breathing new life into the area (or trying!!) Food wise it's kind of standard, not too spectacular Italian, with that Bay Area California twist. A little fresher than you might get elsewhere, thankfully. Yet, I have never been blown away, nor totally disappointed with the food, which is why it will stay at four stars- plus the service is always really nice and my man knows one of the bartenders!
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,2/27/2014,331,112,7,15,11>This is such a cute burger place! The ambiance is very laid back, modern, and slightly hipster with clean, open spaces. This is a great date place option as Eureka offers a wide array of beers and drinks, not to mention some excellent 'murican grub. I ordered the Jalapeno Egg Burger and was very pleasantly surprised. #1 most important thing in my personal burger checklist - the bottom bun is NOT soggy. Check! Already, I'm excited to bite into this burger. Patty was juicy and done to the perfect medium rare. The egg was done over easy, with the yolk oozing out in perfect compliment to the patty. Past burgers I've gotten with egg have never been done quite as well as Eureka's version. The  jalapenos added that extra oomph to my burger in that slightly spicy kick but not so much to overwhelm you if you're not typically a spicy food type. I exchanged my fries for onion rings, which came out to be 3 large pieces, but wasn't anything special. Meanwhile, my friend's Sweet Cinnamon Potato Fries were FANTASTIC. I wish I had gotten that instead.Our waiter was very nice, and even offered some delicious beer samples for us on top of giving my friend a nice birthday vanilla sundae when he found out we were celebrating a birthday. I'm not much of a burger person but I have tried a wide range from Barney's in Oakland (soggy bottom bun - thumbs down!!!) to Umami (still would rather have In n Out for the $$$). My friends and I enjoyed a lovely meal here and many of us would make a return here.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,2/26/2014,518,346,6,15,12>Alameda certainly needs more restaurants that are not overpriced with small portions. Lola's gives you both a great deal with a big serving - and customer service with a smile (a great rarity in many places today, it seems)!Their fried chicken sandwiches are large, with crispy and juicy chicken. You can also substitute the bread with a wrap, if you so wish (I recommend going with the bread though). Best of all - most sandwiches are $5-$7! The employees are pleasant and happy to acquiesce to any requests you may have.This is a great addition to park street!
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,2/25/2014,81,105,2,27,22>Martial Arts training at its best! My son has been training with Shifu Long for over 2 years now. Kungfu Dragon USA specializes in Chinese martial arts. This is authentic Shaolin Kung Fu. Discipline, focus, and a "can do" attitude is a requirement. It is amazing what these kids are capable of doing when they believe in themselves. Shifu Long is passionate about Kung Fu and really does give everything into each and every single class. My son is much more focused and his flexibility has come a long way. Success comes from hard work on the part of the student, parents, and teachers all working together. My son has entered tournaments and performances. He has learned proper form, self defense and also starting to learn how to perform and work as a team with other schoolmates. Besides Kung Fu, my son has learned a lot of social and life skills while training here.We are very happy with our experience.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,2/24/2014,188,138,7,18,11>I came here to celebrate my birthday with high expectations, considering the overwhelmingly positive reviews on Yelp. American Paintball Park did not disappoint! Securing a time slot for my private party was easy, and Clif was very responsive to my emails, even when he was out on vacation.Almost all of my friends and family who came were first-timers, and we were all a little nervous but nonetheless very excited to play. All necessary equipment was provided with the purchase of our package, including marker, hopper, air tank, paintballs, and mask. Since we got the package, we were able to play private games with our group on 5 different playing fields. The refs were clear on the rules, regulated and ensured fair play, and even gave us strategic tips on how to defeat the other team!Tips:-If you're inexperienced, get a group of newbies together and purchase a package! This way you won't get mixed in with the more experienced players and you'll stay in the game longer.-Keep your mask! It looks really cool and I plan on using it for when I go snowboarding!-Bring water and snacks for in between games. You will be tired!-Wear thick clothes and preferably something that covers your neck. I got hit in the collarbone a few times and it freakin hurt.Clif really made this a a great experience for all of us newbies. He was so friendly, and got everyone excited and pumped up to play. You can tell he really loves what he does. Everyone had such a great time and I was hearing comments all day about how much fun they all were having. I definitely will be returning. Thank you Clif and American Paintball Park for an awesome birthday!
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,2/23/2014,158,177,7,15,11>The moment you walk in to Masse's, you are welcomed by an exceptionally beautiful array of desserts behind the counter.  There are comfy pillows by a sun-drenched window to sit on, while fresh sunflowers adorn the tabletops of adjacent bistro tables.  There is a sweet scent in the air as you enter this lovely bakery.  My friend and I shared a marvelous orange chocolate mousse cake with a delectable solid chocolate ring around the edge.  Every bite of this tri-layer cake was like a taste of heaven on my fork.  The cake was moist and the mousse flavorful.  The orange layer was neither too sweet nor too tart - it perfectly accented the semi-sweetness of the chocolate cake and the extra sweetness of the mousse.  The cashier and bakers behind the counter are so personable and fun to talk to, too!  :)  I'll be back again.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,2/22/2014,284,258,5,10,12>I love me some Ruby Room.It's like SF's Elbo Room in the East Bay, only more punk rock/metal and even darker inside (it's practically pitch black in there). They take cards, have microbrews on tap, can whip up an awesome dark n stormy, and play a fantastic selection of punk and metal music, often by a dj. There is a healthy amount of bar seating and in the other room there's a pool table and larger round tables you can pop a squat at if you're grabbing drinks with a group of buddies. If you find yourself pissed off after commuting home from a bad day of work in the city, my advice to you is to go get lost in the dark depths of the Ruby Room and let Joy Division calm your soul.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,2/21/2014,3448,1617,9,14,14>Cafe Rouge has been one of our favorite "Go to" spots for date nights or oysters. Every day they have an Oyster Special, so it always feels like happy hour. It's usually $1 or $1.25 depending on the type, but always affordable. The raw bar has all kinds of delicious options like gulf prawns, fresh dungeness crab and a variety of oysters.We recently went there for dinner and just ordered a 1/2 crab ($15), couple oysters and gulf prawns. They have a good selection of beer, wine and cocktails. I had the Fortaleza Margarita, which was also fresh and from scratch. Besides the seafood, they have an excellent selection of cured meats and sausages, which they prepare in house. I love checking out the deli counter in the back, it's impressive.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,2/20/2014,363,125,6,12,9>For those who have been longtime readers or newbies starting out, this is a great place if you have any interest in anything comic book related. They have tons of comic books, graphic novels, posters, action figures, and lots of other neat things. The staff is very friendly and will ask you if you need any help finding anything. They're also readers too and it's cool that you can chat with them about anything comic book related.The store is pretty organized as well. The  sections for the major publishers, such as Marvel and DC, are up front while the more lesser known companies are towards the back. They also have helpful tabs that tell you what came out last week or new this week. When you buy your stuff, they'll ask you for your name and e-mail so you'll be in their system. You can ask them if you bought a certain issue which is helpful so you don't buy two of the same books twice. Bags and boards are also sold separately for $.25 each. Some special guests have shown up as well. The very popular Stan Lee (everything Marvel) and Jim Lee (comic book artist) have visited this location. It's pretty cool if you're in the area. However, there might be a certain fee to see them (depending on the guest) and the wait may be long. I had to get a friend of mine to get some books signed for me by Jim Lee because I had to go somewhere after waiting in line for a couple of hours. I like this store a lot and I think you will too! Great staff, lots of neat stuff, and friendly atmosphere makes this place great!
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,2/19/2014,206,268,7,13,12>My love affair with A Cote started years ago when a girlfriend brought me here for a GNO.  We discovered the most scrumptious mussels in creamy, savory broth and before we knew it, our manners were cast aside and we were soaking up loads of the broth with our garlic bread and stuffing it into our mouth.  Great wine list, although could do with more glass pricing since most are bottle purchase only.  I've been here multiple times and most recently for Oakland Restaurant week last night when I tried their scallops for the first time, so yummy!My favorite is still the mussels dish.  You just can't beat it.  Whenever I walk in I feel like my world is transformed because this place embodies romance with their cozy, European decor and antique lamps.  I really love this place and will return many more times:)
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,2/18/2014,245,193,7,12,9>I've been wanting to come here ever since the opening of the tasting room and finally got a chance to go after work (on a Saturday). My first trip out to Faction turned out to be a scouting trip to find it on a Sunday after work as it was a little difficult to find (It's between Rockwall Winery and Hangar One Distillery - Turn down the road with the old truck on the corner, towards Hangar One and instead of turning right at the end of the road towards Hangar One, turn left into Faction's parking lot) Once I finally found Faction, they were closed for tasting (my fault, I should have looked up their hours) but I caught an awesome sunset over the bay and San Francisco and vowed to come back to try some of their beers on tap.The following Saturday, I saw a post that Fists of Flower Pizza truck would be at Faction that afternoon. Score! There are no other food options nearby and there are few things I like better than pizza and beer. As soon as I could get off of work, I made a beeline to Alameda and to Faction Brewing.I made my way into their tasting room and there was a good sized line that reached all the way to the door and there were at least a couple dozen people spread out inside already enjoying their brews. Looks like word got out that Alameda has a new brewery in town! Once I finally made it to the front of the line I ordered a pint of their Winter IPA ($5) It was quite tasty and ranked up there with some of my favorite IPA's from Sierra, Stone and Drakes Brewing. I wanted to go take my beer outside and order up a slice of wood fired pizza, as it was a gorgeous afternoon, but alas, no beer was allowed outside. I found myself a barrel to set down my beer and headed out to order a slice and within a min or two my slice was ready (pizza cooks quick in a 800-900 degree oven!) and I headed back indoors to bring pizza and beer together at last. The pizza and the beer went quite well together.Some other beers they had on tap along with the beer I had (subject to change I'm sure):A-Town Pale 5.5% abv ($4.50 / 16oz)Faction Pale 5.2% abv ($4.50 / 16oz)Winter IPA 7.4% abv ($5.00 / 16oz)Faction Red 5.6% abv ($4.50 / 16oz)Defcon III Belgian Dubbel 6.9% abv ($4.50 / 13oz)Oatmeal Stout 6% abv ($4.50 / 16oz)5oz samples available Flight $12.50I will most definitely be back to try some of their other brews and seek them out when going to my local beer bar.I am a fan
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,2/17/2014,1310,187,8,18,13>Better than going to a Starbucks or Peets which are both down the street, Blue Danube Coffee House has a very local and cozy feel to it.The light music isn't distracting at all when trying to do some work, and its also spacious enough to not feel all constricted like I usually would if I brought my laptop to a Starbucks.It's also a lot quieter than other coffee shops which is a plus. Of course, the internet is important. It's fast wifi, but you need to buy something to get a code for your wifi. The code expires after 2 hours of activation. Then you would have to buy something again.There is a jar of oreos for 25 cents each on the counter, I bought that and got another code... ha. They don't really care, they like you being there. I love that they serve your tea to you on a platter giving you your own pot and cup. Refills of hot water is free. I'm a heavy tea drinker, so I usually get plenty of refills to my pot.The tea leaves can go through a good 4 refills of water in the tea pot before the taste really just goes away and it starts tasting like hot water. 4 refills is a goooood amount and it will probably send you to the bathroom to pee a good 3 times. The bathroom is spacious and clean, as a side note. 3 bucks for the tea. Jasmine and the kyoki tea are my favs. Sorry if I spelled it wrong.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,2/16/2014,437,224,8,10,9>This place makes me very self-conscious about my eating habits. One look at their menu the little voice inside my head screams "Eat healthier!"Organic this, free-range that. Even their waffles mix is a concoction of buckwheat & other not-so-delicious grains, topped with fresh fruit and probably some sort of fat-free no carb whip-cream.But don't worry, Guerilla Cafe made it all delicious. Real Talk.In addition, Guerilla Cafe have mastered the art of poached egg. How do they make the perfect poached egg, I don't know.  But that's not the point.My point is: GET.THE.WAFFLE.Trust.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,2/15/2014,370,470,3,11,7>After watching a lot of Japanese food documentaries, there's another kind of ramen that caught my interest. Tsukamen Ramen. Luckily, Yokohama lekei had just recently opened here in Union City and offered the ramen I was craving.If you've never had Tsukamen (su-kay-men) ramen, like myself, it's ramen soup you dip your noodles in. Unlike the traditional soup and noodles combined, this was something new to me. Upon my arrival, there was about a 10 minute wait. Once I was seated I already knew what I wanted to order. With my ramen order I also got an order of chicken karaage.It took awhile to get my food due to it being a busy night and being a fairly new business. I would have to say the wait was worth it. The chicken karaage was crispy and was served in a yuzu sauce topped with onions and a side of daikon. The sauce had tart and saltiness to it, but it went well with the chicken. As for the ramen, oh so good! I basically had two bowls. One with chewy noodles and nori. The second bowl filled with chu kara broth. Inside the dipping broth was a soft boiled egg, bamboo shoots, a slice of tender pork belly, and nori from what I could identify. It was spicy enough to make my nose run multiple 10k races. I'd recommend the entry level broth. As a spicy lover myself, it was HOT! This style of ramen has become one of my favorites!Although the service was slow, the staff were still very helpful. I was already expecting not the fastest of service anyway.If I'm not in the South Bay where my favorite ramen spots are, this place will suffice. One of my new top 3 ramen places.If you're from Union City, this place is located where the Soon Kee/Thai mortar Restaurant used to be.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,2/14/2014,341,458,5,11,12>We were looking for a place to brunch with the mutt in the San Leandro area, so I Yelped "breakfast patio".  Read a few of the great reviews and were excited to check it out.However, when we pulled into the parking lot, both small outdoor tables were occupied.  I decided I'd wait outside while the girls placed their order... and if no table opened up, we'd take it to go.  Lucky day, one group left shortly thereafter.  When the girls came out with their crepes, I was astonished.  They were so large and gorgeous.  I got a savory, as usual, with turkey, avocado, tomato, pesto and cheese.  The kids got fruit crepes...one blueberry and raspberry, and the other strawberry.  I never thought they would finish them, but they did quite well!  As if the huge crepes weren't enough, they came with a nice side dish.  We chose the fresh fruit which was excellent.  We were all pretty disappointed when our Hayward crepery closed down.  And today we were very happy to have found an alternative in Frodo Joe's!
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,2/13/2014,216,493,8,17,7>This is the coolest, most innovative, high tech hot pot restaurants I've ever been to.  If you choose AYCE, they seat you in front of the stainless steel conveyor belt where endless plates of food come out of a secret tunnel.   I SWEAR, Oompa Loompas work back there filling plates of food for you to eat.  This is truly the first step in turning a person into a spineless blob of fat floating on a lounge chair plugged into the internet while slurping big gulps of food and refreshments (visions of Wall-E pops into mind).  Because you NEVER EVER have to leave your seat for food.  Just sauce but never for food.First thing we did was order individual soup base for our hot pot meal.  Each of us selected what we wanted and the best part was NO SHARING!  Which also means no cootie contamination can be passed between family members and friends :).  I picked the popular herb soup recommended by the waiter and the others picked Taiwanese spicy and tom yong soup.  My bro also picked herb soup, he didn't really like it because it was too herbie and not stocky flavored enough.  But for me, it was fine because of the dipping sauce I made.Just call me the sauce mix master!  I whipped up some tasty dipping sauce to go with my hot pot meal!  At the sauce bar, I put together a concoction of a LOTTA minced garlic, a bit of ginger, soy sauce, sesame oil, 2 slices of jalapeño, sesame seeds, some sugar, and a bit of salt.  Use this recipe and you can thank me later.  However, I think the sauce bar concept can improve.  Not everyone knows how to make a tasty sauce, one wrong move can turn the entire hot pot experience into a negative rating.  They should definitely serve thoughtful chef prepared sauces for people to choose from.  Don't make the patrons dilly dally over what 'may' taste good together.It was a busy Saturday night and AYCE was $23.99 a person.  We arrived around 630pm and waited about 10-15 minute, not too bad.  I thought the service was impeccable, they were there when we needed them.  They came back several times to refill my soup base and diet coke and asked several times if I wanted more meat.  But since I kept eating all the other items, I didn't have room for more meat, except for my 1 platter.  WEAK!I lost count of how many platters of food I splashed into my self-temperature controlled hot pot but you will definitely be enjoying these things and MORE!Order this with the waiter:1) Premium Beef, or chicken, or pork, or lamb (I picked beef but you can pick more after you finish eating up your plate)Conveyor belt of endless food:2) Tofu - all types (fried, soft, big, small, etc)3) Fresh shrimp4) Fresh tilapia fish 5) Fish balls (all kinds, all sizes, all shapes)6) Claims7) Mussels for your muscles8) Veggies of all sorts (spinach, bok choy baby, napa cabbage, iceberg let-us, mixed greens, asparagus, etc)9) Different squashes (white one, yellow ones)10) Taro roots11) Corn on a cob12) Mushrooms (all kinds of mush-roomies froomies)13) Pig skin (so good!)14) Squid15) Noodles!! (Rice, vermicelli, egg, udon)16) Fake crabThere was more, I'm sure of it, but I can't remember them.  Yea, I ate everything I listed.  Maybe not the entire plate by myself because I threw some of it into my bro's pot too.  But you betcha I ate all this.  That's probably why I felt like a big blob of fat after I was done eating.  Though Hot Pot is the healthy alternative to eating fried food but over doing a good thing is still in the NO NO section of your diet goals.  Oh, and diet coke burping didn't help alleviate the pain of feeling like a stuffed turkey.The entire dining experience for me and my party was a positive one.  Even the decor was unlike anything I've ever seen.  It's a combination of urban, chic with modern conveyor belt themed hot pot.  Oh, the  chandeliers!!  They covered the ceilings and were dripping with sparkling crystal as they bling blinged everywhere.  The open pipes in the ceiling gave it a loft warehouse feel but it didn't feel cold like a Costco store, it was warm because of the green tea colors on the walls, which contrasted with the earthy brown on the ceilings.  Yea, this is MY KIND of decoration! I wouldn't mind styling my townhouse like this.  Love love love it, especially, the BLINGY!Now, there is one negative thing I have to mention.  After we all got our sauce acts together, upon returning to our seats, we noticed a 'funk' smell to the area.  Since pork and lamb can taste gamy to most, we thought maybe everyone around us was eating those meat selections.  But we smelled our lamb and dipped it into the pot and took a big'o SNIFF... no funk smell.  It was lingering in the air and we couldn't quite put our finger on it.  That's the only caveat I can share with you on this place.  Otherwise, everything else is great.  I would definitely dine here again.  But maybe would request to sit closer to the door.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,2/12/2014,1894,532,8,17,16>I came here for an impromptu late dinner after discovering that Yoshi's in JLS closes their kitchen an hour before the bar.. I was happy that we were able to find a spot that was open, and even more enthralled once we entered! Tucked in downtown Oakland, this beautiful gem serves up an eclectic mix of fare to suit the souls of many.. Their menu options included various salads, vegetarian small plates (slightly larger than a tapas), raw/seafood items, and main entrees.. Their drink menu is right alongside the delectables and boasts a long list of crafty concoctions to wet your palate.. Since I was being a responsible driver that night I opted for the virgin white peach mojito instead and it was every bit as tasty as it sounded.. Since we weren't particularly hungry we decided to order a few appetizers instead of separate meals..We tried their kale salad which comes with pickled red onions, parmesan cheese, pine nuts, and jicama.. This was my first time eating kale and I could only describe it as "the texture of seaweed with the taste of spinach".. It was a slightly mossy feel and not completely off-putting for a new experience.. I would eat it again but won't go as far as saying it's a new favorite.. We also ordered the barrata which is a vegetarian platter of zuchinni, grape tomatoes, orange bell pepper, portobello mushroom, and fresh mozzarella tossed in a balsamic and olive oil reduction with ribbons of basil sprinkled throughout.. This was definitely the highlight of my meal and I loved every bite of it! Other items we tried were the pork lettuce wrap and guac with chips.. Neither of these were particularly memorable but both tasted fine.The next time I come to MUA I would love to sit barside to enjoy their array of adult beverages :) The setup of their venue gives you the feeling of being outside while still in, with a strong LA vibe and an effortless flow of good-feeling music from the DJ upstairs.. This is a very urban yet romantic restaurant that I could see myself hanging out at regularly. Thank you for a lovely experience!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,2/11/2014,327,431,13,20,16>I often like to start out the new year with positive thoughts towards the coming year. That includes positive Yelp reviews for well deserving places. Last year it was Timeless Coffee in Oakland. This year it's the more obscure, yet no less impressive Mountain Grounds located in tiny Martinez.We came to Mountain Grounds because we like supporting small family run businesses as well as trying out new places. From the onset, I wasn't nearly as impressed as I was hoping to be. Our soy latte that we ordered was a little weak, with an absurd amount of dry foam that wasn't blended into the espresso at all. When the owner asked us if we liked it, my sweetie spoke her mind and said it wasn't very good. He promptly remade us a proper latte without even asking. He was training a new employee, and mentioned to her that soy is a little more difficult to foam properly. That's the kind of leadership you like to see, leading by example and doing it correctly yourself. The second latte, needless to say was much better. More along the lines of what you'll get at Peet's which is pretty good, just not the artisan latte art totin' brew you'll find at higher end coffee shops. Which in fact is probably the only thing that Mountain Grounds lacks. Although on our latest stop in here, John was practicing his latte art and it's lookin' pretty darn good.Normally the word "passionate" is thrown around so much that it loses it's luster. To see passion in action, see John behind the counter whipping up drinks on a whim just because he can. I don't think I've ever seen anyone so happy to be doing what they love. He is so excitedly hyper to make drinks that I suspect he is mainlining caffeine from the time he rolls outta bed in the morning, to the time he goes to bed, yet not necessarily to sleep.If you like finishing your drinks in record time, order the iced chai latte. I swear that's one of the easiest things to drink. It goes down so tasty smooth, you'll be finished with this before you even realize it. Don't bother with a small size, jump right up to the large or you'll regret it. Sure, it's just boxed chai tea but I've never been able to get mine to taste nearly as good.The Ethiopian Yirgacheffe pour over is maybe my favorite coffee I've had anywhere. It certainly ranks right up there with anything I've had from Ritual, Timeless, Blue Bottle, etc. The best part is it's a steal at $2.75 or so for a medium. Probably a full dollar cheaper than most places that do pour over. Make sure you get a frequent buyer card to redeem for a free drink once you have it all filled out. You're gonna need it! The enthusiasm, attention to customer happiness, and fair prices are a few of the reasons I'll make the short drive down to this little cafe rather than brew up a just as delicious Nespresso at home.Mountain Grounds always puts this girl into a happy mood... yelp.com/biz/mountain-gr…
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,2/10/2014,547,730,12,19,12>Is it wrong to cry while eating out at a restaurant? Because I was nearly reduced to tears by Miss Ollie's fried chicken.I'm not sure how she gets the fried chicken so freakin' perfect, but it really is perfect. The batter is crispy but not oily, achieving that nearly perfect state of fried nirvana. The inner coating of herbs is a welcome surprise, and I'm confused but happy about how she gets that inner coating so evenly distributed. The plantains here are also incredible - I love getting those caramelized bits on the well-cooked pieces, and the garlic oil on top of the plantains really make the dish sing.I also want to bathe - yes, you read that correctly - bathe in Miss Ollie's hot sauce. My mouth waters just thinking about it.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,2/9/2014,182,323,5,18,12>This is such a lovely library. There are plentiful tables with outlets connected to them for studying. I hate the feeling of being trapped in a dungeon when I study/work but the WC Public Library has large bay windows to let in ample sunshine. Yay Vitamin D!Other perks:+ Free wi-fi+ Kiddie corner with comfy couches and bean bag chairs+ Small Peet's Cafe on lower level for caffeine and snacks+ Large conference rooms upstairs can be rented out for meetings + Building is adjacent to a clean park if you want to study outside*Tip*Don't pay for library parking! Swing around the corner for free parking by the park.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,2/8/2014,346,364,11,20,13>My husband informed his family, who resides in Queens, that we were going to see The Drowsy Chaperone.  His aunt said "No you're not. I saw that when it was on Broadway and no way that you are going to see that in the hinterlands." Hinterlands: anywhere outside of the 5 boroughs. I was skeptical too.  When I moved to "Cow Town" I had no idea that I would have access to acts like this in such a beautiful theater.  But it's true, Bankhead books great shows, with talented casts, in their theater that looks and feels brand new.  For 1 hour and 45 minutes I sat in a gloriously comfortable seat watching the engaging Ron Lytle play the "man in the chair".  He dropped a needle on the record of his favorite musical and gave witty commentary as the storyline played out.   I have never met a musical that I didn't like and The Drowsy Chaperone was no exception.  The ushers and everyone who was working here went above and beyond to help and answer questions.  The 2014 lineup looks promising and I can't wait to come back.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,2/7/2014,297,409,10,24,12>Alright, fellow Yelpers, bear with me. I'm about to make a bold statement.... Veggie Today offers some of *THE BEST* Asian cuisine in all of Concord. I had a few extra dollars to burn through and some time to kill. I took BART and walked over to Todos Santos Plaza, which seems to offer tons of great dining destinations. I even saw a place that offers raw vegan food (what?!), so that's on my list for next weekend. ...but I digress. Back to V.T. They offer 100% vegetarian food with many vegan options. I ordered a Thai iced tea (with soy milk), the Lotus Salad as a starter, and the Ginger Chicken as my entree. The Thai iced tea was sweet and refreshing. I just wish there was more of it! I could drink about 3 of these in one sitting, but I think I would probably go into a sugar coma, haha. Despite wanting more, my beverage really hit the spot on this hot August afternoon. The Lotus salad was my favorite part! (OH BOY, you're thinking. Here we go, another vegan going on and on about salads...) In all seriousness, this thing is bomb. It's a mix of lotus, cabbage, carrots, shredded tofu, and a sweet & spicy vinaigrette, topped with jalapeños and served with crispy puffed rice crackers of some sort. It was SO yummy! The dressing definitely has a bit of heat, but I love that. I can never get enough spice in my life. The Ginger Chicken entree was tasty. I don't really eat many mock meats these days (unless you count tofu, tempeh, or seitan, all in their most basic forms). Even so, I really enjoyed it. The veggies were cooked to perfection: still a bit crunchy, not mushy at all.  I ordered a side of brown rice for a dollar extra, and it was perfect: warm and fluffy, just the way I like it. As you can tell, I probably over-ate a little bit. On my walk back to BART, I promised myself that I would start going to the gym again. Veggie Today is a wonderful addition to the Contra Costa County dining scene. And it's not just for vegetarians and vegans. I feel that omnivores could definitely get down with their food, too. The staff is so genuine and friendly, and the restaurant interior is clean and inviting. A++.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,2/6/2014,128,357,7,13,8>A relatively bold and unique addition to the Dubliln Ulferts plaza - Yakitori is basically grilled goodies on a stick done Japanese style.  We were curious about this place since there was no menu posted outside and the interior looked pretty cool.  The menu is about as exotic as it comes, offering things like monk fish liver, sea urchin over rice, beef tongue skewers, and then various chicken parts (heart, gizzard, tail, thigh, skin, wing, breast, neck).  So its definitely fun to be adventurous and try a few things!  They also offer sake, beer and wine.We ordered the following:1. Omakase - this is a chef's selection of five skewers for $15 - we got ground chicken, grilled pork, chicken thigh, a veggie skewer, and one mystery meat that tasted pretty good.2. Grilled Yellowtail Fish Cheeks - this was the special of the night and its fairly large order for two - you sort of have to dig out the meat from the curved cartilage.  They suggested squeezing lemon and then dipping in a mixture of ponzu sauce with daikon radish.3. Grilled rice patties - these come two to an order for $4, and was very good with a nice char-grilled flavor and hint of sesame.4. Fried chicken - the Japanese version is fried lightly, boneless, and has very soft and juicy dark meat.  They include a lemon and a chili-mayo for added kick.  Probably our favorite dish.5. Chicken Wing Skewer - they somehow flattened the wings - we got two pieces on a skewer and it was pretty good.6. Unagi rice bowl - similar to the nigiri sushi version.  The unagi was cooked well but I think they went overboard with the sauce here.7. Ika - basically a grilled giant squid - and you get the entire beast all sliced up.  It was cooked well and seasoned, but I think its missing that smoky, char-grilled flavor that you get if you were to order this at a street vendor at Asian night markets.Service was prompt and attentive, with lots of runners bringing out plates.  After 6PM, the place got packed really fast.  Food overall was pretty good and you have to order quite a few things I think to enjoy the experience.  Some indicate concerns over price-to-portion but its similar if you were to go to Spanish Tapas or other small plate restaurants.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,2/5/2014,732,444,7,14,13>I'm fairly sure that Drake's is the best - and, some might argue, the only - reason to make a special trip out to San Leandro. A big warehouse with an outdoor patio, Drake's serves up craft beer and a remarkably cozy atmosphere for such a huge, open space. Casks strung with Christmas lights line the walls, beer barrels stock the corners, and heaters glow merrily from the ceiling. Want to try four beers because you can't decide? Please do. Decide that you want to purchase all four as a flight because you love them all...? You can! My happy palate was torn between a whiskey-soaked beer called the Bourbon Barrel Drakonic (smelled like whiskey, tasted like a creamy stout) and their silver-medal-winning brew, Black Robusto Porter.The bartenders are beer experts, happily answering any and all beer questions; they even doled out advice about February's beer month: if you actually want to taste their beer, get in line at 6am or risk missing it when they sell out by 10am! A great local spot for a beer whether winter or summer... just don't come with an empty belly, they don't sell food.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,2/4/2014,16,247,7,16,13>Wowsa, and so close to home.  Simple decor with an elegant edge, fun large post modern paintings throughout, this could be a good date spot if watching your date slurping noodles does it for you.I tried the Tonkotsu ramen with mayu (black garlic oil)--all gone to the last drop.I also had a thai iced tea with mango boba--there was the option of lychee as well, but apparently no actually tapioca--it was fine, just not my thing.My companion had the vegan gluten free noodles in his veggie ramen.  Not a fantastic hit, it'd probably be ok in a meat dish, but there wasn't much to compensate for the undercooked taste, as if it were too floury.  I blame the glutenfree-ness of it, as my ordinary ramen was perfect, with just the right amount of bite to it, lending a chewiness to soak in the flavorful bone broth.On a late Sunday afternoon, there was only 2 other tables, so service was polite rapid and unobtrusive.I will for sure be back!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,2/3/2014,193,936,9,16,14>The rutted parking lot, crossing the busy railroad tracks on foot, and eating right on the water in a dining room that looks frozen in time somehow adds a lot of charm. I think the location is perfect. I'm not sure if a GPS unit will get you here. If it does, watch out for trains when you walk across the tracks. Both Amtrak and the Southern Pacific fly down these tracks regularly. I watched some people go around the crossing arm when the was train barreling down the tracks. It really isn't a good idea. I ordered the cioppino. The bowl was filled with crab and mussels along with an assortment of other seafood. The broth was well seasoned. It was not served with toast; I did not miss it as all. When we were seated they put complementary garlic bread on the table; it was warm and fresh. This bread was better than a piece toast. There was more than enough seafood goodness to take home. I though the cioppino I had recently in SF was good, but  this was much better, and worthy of five stars; a house green salad came with the dinner.  The service was very-very slow. I'm not sure if was the restaurants fault. I came with a large group of people after a photo-walk in Crockett.  Other than my two friends who came with me, we did not know each other. The restaurant clearly states on the menu that they do not make separate check. However, they did make an exception and we were all billed separately. Perhaps that's why it took so long between taking our drink orders and bringing them to the table and then more time to take our dinner orders. The server was pleasant and the company was good so it wasn't too bad. If Snooky and I had to wait we would not have been very happy
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,2/2/2014,188,238,10,18,14>Curse their darn complimentary chips. I know these are just fried carbs drenched in oil but I cannot resist. I always end up having a whole meal simply munching on these chips alone. They're so good and the salsa at Los Pericos is bomb! They have a great salsa bar with various sauces containing a fiery kick. The chips are thick, crunchy, warm, and FREE. What more can you ask for in life? I'm not a master of Mexican food but I am a master of putting excellent food in my mouth. At Los Pericos, you are definitely ingesting some excellence. I love their fish tacos. They load it up with a mountain of grilled flaky fish and chopped cilantro leaves and onions, topped with a spicy tomato salsa. Simple yet satisfying. The soft tortilla barely holds all of the fish and garnish together. For under $3, it is a steal! Furthermore, this taqueria doesn't skimp on the meat! Portions are very generous for the price you're paying. My brother always orders their regular burrito with chicken. These are packed with rice, beans and hearty meat. The regular is already quite big but they also make super burritos, which may cause bodily harm (AKA a heart attack) because these are massive! My boyfriend tried their special quesadilla which looks more like a huge, flat burrito. He didn't like it very much but probably because it was so thick, it didn't feel like a quesadilla. The employees are friendly and always smiling. When you order to dine-in, they give you a number sign that you place on your table and the waiters will bring you your food. The restaurant is clean and very spacious. There is free parking in the Pelton Center so you really have no excuse to not visit this place. Los Pericos offers authentic and fresh Mexican food that is super wallet-friendly!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,2/1/2014,2016,1122,12,23,15>Such an amazing burger! Definitely on the pricey side but so worth it if you order right. I started with a seasonal pumpkin spice milkshake with bruléed marshmallow that was so rich and creamy and just right. The milkshakes are a must as far as desserts go and the Blue Bottle coffee milkshake is up next for me. As for my burger I went big and ordered the Sunny Side Burger my way. Egg, Aged White Cheddar, Caramelized Onions, Greens, Tomato, Sweet Chili Sauce, Truffle Parmesan Fries and Applewood Smoked Bacon. This was an amazing burger and cooked to a medium rare perfection. I was in burger heaven. I will be back!!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,1/31/2014,558,487,16,22,19>In my experience, Sebastian and Simone (s+s) can do basically anything in the kitchen. Their pig roasts are legendary, but more recently, they've cooked up some of the most inventive paellas I've ever had. At a recent event I attended, they served up a paella topped with 48-hour short ribs, beef tongue, oxtails, and tendon, and it was served with horseradish aioli. It was one of the most delicious, complex, and addictive things I've ever put in my mouth, especially if you got some tendon. At this same event, they made a paella that featured both uni, Dungeness crab, and quail eggs, but I'd take the beefy paella over that any day.I know they've done a lot of weddings recently, and I only wish that I had been invited to those receptions because I'm confident that an s+s catered wedding is some of the best wedding food you'll ever have. Seriously, when was the last time you went to a wedding and raved about the food?Our wedding reception was an awesomely beefy event at Lawry's in Beverly Hills nearly 10 years ago, and everyone raved about the food and the experience. (Lawry's kills HoPR, IMHO) But if we were getting married today, I'd want s+s gastro grub to do a pig roast and paella instead. I can't think of a more ideal menu that would make us and our mostly Filipino guest list happy. Just don't ask for Mang Tomas...Simone's sweet and spicy rum bbq sauce is all you need.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,1/30/2014,1602,589,7,12,10>Such an interesting spot for delicious sugary drinks! ChaTime triples as a milk tea joint, a restaurant, and a karaoke lounge. Food and milk tea in the front, with the karaoke spots in the back.The place is pretty big - lots of tables, and lots to choose from on their menu. I've had their Green Tea Red Bean milk tea and their Taro milk tea w/ red bean. Yum!! The former can be a tad sweet when ordered regular, so tone down the sugar if you are a bit sensitive. The latter is perfect! A smooth taro texture, enhanced by the red bean!Granted, when ordering a drink with red bean, it can become a bit frustrating eating the beans once your drink has finished.  With all the ice in the cup, you're left sucking one bean at a time over the course of minutes...They have TVs in the front playing music videos with lyrics, so if you're sitting around waiting for your drinks and food, feel free to belt out the lyrics as loud as you want! Although upon my last visit, all they were playing were Chris Brown music videos. Needless to say, my IQ dropped as I listened to some of his songs. It was amusing watching a few families walking in for some boba, while pure debauchery was spewing from the TV speakers. Oh the age we live in...I'd definitely return for more milk tea! It isn't too expensive, and everything tastes great. Worth it!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,1/29/2014,382,382,20,26,23>How do you say I love you to your friends and family?  Well one way is to say "Ahhh-live (Olive) you" with the most amazing olive oil and vinegars and if you want to do that, Amphora Nueva is the place for you!Amphora Nueva is a cute little storefront right across from the Claremont, that houses the most incredible and interesting premium olive oils/vinegars. I am in LOVE with the Black Mission Fig vinegar; rich, thick liquidy gold that when mixed with a touch of olive oil makes dreary lettuce or boring vegetables into a work of culinary art.The staff is extremely knowledgeable and not to mention helpful. They helped me with my selection, introduced me to vinegar/oil combos I hadn't tried and even sent me off with tissue paper, ribbon and bags to make gifts out of what I bought.  For the most delicious olive oil/vinegar (trust me: Black Mission Fig is change-your-life vinegar), in a cute store, with the most helpful staff, Amphora Nueva is Woohoo! As good as it gets!Yelp 100 Challenge: 100/100 CHALLENGE COMPLETED, extra credit: 102/100
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,1/28/2014,76,363,7,12,6>A-freaking-mazing. I was taken here by Terri after she told me about the amazing turkey sandwich she had here. I didn't get the turkey sandwich but instead went for the hot pastrami. No offense to turkey but I lust for pastrami. The sandwich comes out on two thick slices of wheat bread, cut in half. The pastrami is piled high. Provolone cheese, and the usual sandwich goodies: mayo, mustard, lettuce and tomatoes. I'm not a huge fan of mayo, but with this sandwich it actually added some pretty good flavor to it. The pastrami though. This isn't your grocery store packaged pastrami, but actual deli high quality stuff. Thick not thin, and packed with so much flavor it was like I was floating on clouds as I was eating it. This sandwich was so packed with good stuff that you can bite down on one end, and it will gush out the other. So of course you have to eat the other end to even it out and it just goes back and forth until you're down to everything inside and no bread. Which is OK by me. So after I devoured my sandwich I finished the rest of Terri's roasted turkey sandwich. It's thanksgiving in a sandwich with the turkey and cranberry sauce. Then you get other goodies like sprouts, avocado, Swiss cheese, sunflower seeds, and lettuce. I love that they use cream cheese for spread. It adds a whole dimension of flavor that sounds strange but is unbelievable. The service was pretty good as a whole. There was only one employee who seemed lazy for lack of a better word. The rest of the staff were actually keeping busy doing things. They have a huge display case of cakes and cookies that will have you drooling on the glass. We didn't get anything from the cases, but we will be back for dessert ;).Over all I really really can't wait to go back :).
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,1/27/2014,279,212,10,14,12>St. George Spirits is tucked away in an old naval air station located on the West side of Alameda. The government decided to close and vacate the premise back in 1997 so the whole area looks like a ghost town, but it absolutely adds to the luster of St. George. Four of my buddies and I thought it would be cool to visit this famous distillery. It's only about a 20 minute walk from the Alameda ferry station. So if you're coming from the city (SF), that would be the best way to get there. Since I was coming from the Southeast portion of The Bay, I took the Bart and got off at the Lake Merritt station and took a 10 minute cab ride to St. George. Just make sure to have directions ready when you jump in a cab. The main lobby of St. George looks like, well, a bar. It has two long bars where patrons and booze connoisseurs gather at the end of their tours to taste spirits. The lobby is lined with big windows along the outside wall that provides an awesome view of The City. It's a very open space that makes you feel welcome the second you step foot in it. For $15 we each got an hour long guided tour of the distillery. We got to see the different contraptions they use to infuse and make vodka, gin, bourbon (they take Kentucky Bourbon and blend it with a whiskey they make on-site), absinthe and other spirits. I learned a lot about gin, which is my liquor of choice. I had no idea there were so many variations of it. Another thing I really enjoyed was the portion of the tour where our guide explained how different whiskeys are made and how distilleries treat the wood on their barrels to get different flavors - really interesting stuff. Our tour guide was a little quirky and to be honest, I'm sure our experience would have been a little more enjoyable if she wasn't trying so hard to be funny. She was spitting out a lot of interesting information about the history of the distillery and how they create their spirits, but a sense of discomfort came over us while she was talking. Nice girl, but a little off. We got to taste the following spirits at the end of our tour:*Straight St. George Vodka - Probably one of the best vodkas I've ever had. It coated my tongue with a slight warm feeling and went down damn smooth. *Terroir "Mt. Tam" Gin - Excellent gin with a piney note. This was the first time I've had gin straight and it didn't disappoint. *Dry Rye Gin - Absolutely disgusting. Pass. *B&E (Breaking & Entering) Bourbon - Tasted like any other whiskey I've had, and to be honest, they all taste the same to me. Some are just smoother than others. *Spiced Pear Liqueur - DELICIOUS. I loved it until I found out that it was only 20 proof. It really reminded me of Christmas. *Raspberry Liqueur - AMAZING. However, like the spiced pear, I was bummed to find out that it had a low alcohol content. But I think a splash of this would make a great addition to a Moscow Mule or a glass of champagne. *Absinthe Verte - I hate black licorice. I've always hated black licorice. This tasted like black licorice. Black licorice can die. Overall, St. George Spirits provided a great experience. The setting is awesome and I couldn't help but think this place would make an interesting place for a first date. For all you single dudes out there, keep this place in mind. The staff is really nice even though a little quirky.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,1/26/2014,272,451,5,17,11>Alameda, drop what you're doing right now. Seriously, just stop. An amazing restaurant has opened right in the middle of town and I don't think you all realize it. Don't let the completely foreign Lithuanian food culture dissuade you from trying this place out. Mama Papa Lithuania offers up some quite authentic and home styled eats that you'd be a fool to pass up.The food here tastes like something my grandmother would have cooked, if my grandmother was Lithuanian. You know that feeling you get when you bite into a homecooked meal? First bite of their potato pancake with meat filled me with those homesick pangs. You can tell that it was made from scratch. Imagine the potato pancake as basically a giant flat french fry filled with a well seasoned burger patty. Add in some sour cream on the side and yes, it does taste as good as it sounds.The meal went perfect with the Svyturio Alus beer that I had along with it. It's definitely a good winner for a reason. Very light and had a soft taste to it. Perfect for someone that doesn't like their beer having an intense flavor like me. This might be my new favorite beer, but I think I need to do more research on it. As in drink more of it. Soon.The decor here is pretty fantastic, and it definitely sets the mood for the meal. Wood and brick gives it a very rustic kind of feel, which is kind of what I'd imagine a Lithuanian restaurant to look like. The only drawback is that since their chairs are made out of such a thick wood, they are very heavy and cumbersome to move. Service is very nice and friendly and our waiter was definitely willing to give us suggestions on what to order. Food came out a bit slow, but when it comes out as good as it did, I don't mind at all.Seriously Alameda, check this place out. During my meal, I sat and watched as literally dozens of people walked by and checked out the menu, then walked away. You're all missing out on a great meal here. Definitely a 5 star restaurant for me, and I can't wait to come back.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,1/25/2014,457,309,12,14,9>(Said in movie trailer voice-over voice): From the owners of Top Dog (at the old Top Dog location in the North Asian ghetto) comes a pizza place so great it will have you saying: Pizzahhh!I had been eyeing Pizzahhh! for awhile once it turned up, but hadn't had a chance to check it out until the other day.  My friend and I decided to create our own pizza to split. For about $9, we created a masterpiece of Italian sausage, mozzarella, arugula, onions, and peppadews (a sweet type of yummy pepper -- highly recommended).  After about ten minutes while the pizza cooked, we had our pizza and it was great!  The ingredients tasted fresh and delicious, and my half a pizza was definitely filling.Sometimes I think they should cook their pizzas slightly more so that the pizza itself isn't floppy, but if you're eating there, you can definitely ask them to put it back in for a bit and they don't seem to mind at all.Definitely check out Pizzahhh! if you want some quality ingredients and a good-tasting pie. Either create your own pizza or slice or choose one of their always appetizing pizzas of the day.  Oh!  And if you love it as much as I do, make sure to pick up one of their frequent pizza cards! :)
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,1/24/2014,187,301,11,16,13>Rikyu is a serious breath of fresh air in this trendy, super Americanized sushi world we now live in. It's simple, clean, reasonably priced, and classic. Clean tasting fish, robata, low-key, and comfortable. No bells and whistles but everything will be on point--love it. Like I said, a serious breath of fresh air. I wouldn't come here for loud, sloppy-sake-bombing celebrations. You know the places--the ones where the majority of the sushi rolls are deep fried and covered in creamy sauces. Check 'em out if you want simple, delicious Japanese food in Rockridge.Sidenote: the bathroom is outside of the restaurant itself--you'll need a key--keep that in mind while downing those sakes and beers.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,1/23/2014,151,178,21,28,24>Newbie alertLocated directly across from Sobo Ramen on Franklin, Tian Jin Dumpling is not even a hole-in-the-wall, but a small kitchen behind about a 9' width of windows. 'Seating' consists of three small and colorful sidewalk stools to the side of the central window counter. A trio from work embarked on a little dumpling odyssey today. After visiting and sampling their fare, we're very glad we made the trip. TJD's offerings are limited, but what they serve, they serve very well. At extremely reasonable prices.We each got the pork bun (50 cents each) to munch on while our dumplings were prepared. Easily one of the better pork buns I've eaten, the outside was fluffy, while the inside was more savory vs. sweet, with just the right amounts of fat and moisture, and pork that was tender, flavorful and lightly seasoned. The biscuit (also 50 cents) was reminiscent of an American southern biscuit, but a bit denser, with the wheat in strata, yielding a pleasant texture upon breaking apart or biting down on.The dumplings: Anne and I got the pork & chive; James the pork & cabbage. Smaller in size by almost half compared to Shan Dong's similar offerings, each dumpling is an easy mouthful, a nice balance of delicate and substantial. Each was also delicious, though personally the cabbage version edged the chive one by a hairsbreath.Fifteen delectable dumplings, for $5.99 or $6.75.  Sweet deal indeed.As reported by other Yelpers, our customer service was a delight. While waiting for our third party's dumplings to be ready, we were each offered a chive dumpling on a little plate with a fork to tide us over. She reached out to take our plates as soon as we were done, then handed us napkins just as quickly.And also like Shan Dong, TJD sells frozen dumplings (here in quantities of 50 and with some varieties 20) to take home. What's curious at this stage is that they have at least two versions of dumplings (a beef/carrot- and a flounder/celery-based filling) that are only offered as frozen vs. fresh. Perhaps they're staggering introductions of some of their foods and/or testing their audience's preferences. I'd enjoy trying a sample of a dumpling before committing to buying fifty to cook at home. I predict this place will be popular kids, so may I suggest checking them out sooner than later. Enjoy!
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,1/22/2014,342,502,8,14,13>I'm honestly shocked there aren't more reviews for this business here. It sounds like they offer a variety of services, including fixing arcade machines and supplying games to other businesses. I used T Minus One to rent a Dance Dance Revolution machine for my wedding and it was an absolute hit! They were also able to throw in a foosball table and another smaller old school arcade game for free, which really touched me. Maybe it was just the craziness of the day, but seeing my guests old and young play the foosball table just brought me so much joy. There are really no words to describe that feeling.Although I never got to meet the owners in person, communicating with Michelle via e-mail was super super easy--she is efficient, responsive, and very thoughtful. Delivery, set-up, and clean-up was quick and painless. And most importantly, our guests loved the games! I wish I could load videos onto Yelp so that everyone can see my two bridesmaids having a DDR showdown in their fancy dresses! As with the foosball table, these are the kinds of memories I find priceless :)
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,1/21/2014,628,530,11,13,14>Hidden Gem of a Bar.  I don't remember it being so...cool.  Multi-level, multi-bar, multi-pool table, Mulit-cultural, and Multi-themed.  The entry level is a warm lodge with a fire place.  Outside it's a tiki-island theme.  Upstairs is like a Berkeley frat house.  I feel like Club Mallard is a true reflection of the diversity of east bay bar goers. This includes middle to upper middle class young professionals, a few gangsters, and more than a few posers.  The regulars mixed with the hipsters and geeks.  People pre-partying before the city, people just kickin' it with a few beers over pool.The drinks are average but the atmosphere is pretty fun and good no matter what mood you are in.If you want somewhere cool but unique to get a drink in the area, this is your spot.  I'd say make a night of it with Club Mallard,  Hotsy Totsy Club, and Ivy Room.  It will be good times.P.S. Only 3 more reviews until I've Yelped 100!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,1/20/2014,82,83,4,11,6>Dear Feel Good Bakery,I have only one thing to say to you.APRICOT PEAR TART!Honestly I still don't understand the macaroon craze (don't kill me!).. so I've never tried one from you (don't hurt me!)... but everything else you got... everybody say it with me NOM NOM. (translation: oh so delicious)Every person I've brought your pies to, loved it. It's so good. Your lemon tart is good too. Your other individual pastries are good.You are the perfect dessert to bring to a potluck, a gathering, or any situation to bring smiles to everyone's faces. "Where did you get this?!" "What is this?!" That's when I smile and go... let me tell you. It's feel good bakery.So for all you food lovers, and those who are dying for a review that talks about something other than those sweet discs of death (macaroons)... a big thumbs up. Go get some. And share with me. Getting Fat,Paulps. why is there no clear shot of the apricot pear tart! it's a tragedy!! I will take one next time!!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2013,1/19/2014,42,10,15,16,10>Cease your wanderings, hikers of the East Bay! This is THE place for outdoor adventures north of Yosemite, south of Tahoe and west of Mt. Diablo (full disclosure: geography is not my strong suit).Nestled between Pleasanton and Fremont, about 5 minutes off 680, Sunol Regional Wilderness is a paradise of untamed wonders. Seriously, if you're not a fan of trails artistically draped in poison oak with a side order of snakes, lizards, and other reptilian pals, then this place isn't for you.I've been coming to Sunol for about 15 years now, and it's still my favorite, despite unfortunate memories that include the aforementioned poison oak and a leaky raft misadventure. While the park itself is vast, sprawled out across 6,859-acres of land (yes, I looked this up to sound more official), I keep returning to the Canyon View Trail. It's a fairly short and easy hike, with several rolling hills and plenty of exposure to the sun, but the trip is really all about the destination. They call it Little Yosemite, and it's gorgeous -- if arguably unworthy of its prestigious moniker. Located about 1.5 miles up the Canyon View Trail and near the path's only porter potty, this semi-secret picnic spot is absolutely spectacular. Here, the park's creek runs through an elaborate network of large rocks and tree trunks, perfect for the adventurous boulderer and explorer. At the north end of Little Yosemite, there's a pool usually deep enough for swimming, and a handful of small caves line the opposite shore.  Pack up a picnic, bring your dog, take a few friends -- or go it alone. Just make sure you bring sunscreen and a swim suit. And whatever lotion it is that goes on poison oak rashes. Haha jk. (Not really.)
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,1/18/2014,273,246,4,14,7>I can't believe I never heard of this place! As a born, raised, and still living Oakland resident, I should be ashamed for not knowing of this All-You-Can-Soul Food!!!The layout of the restaurant is not like your typical buffet.  The food area is actually in a separate room with servers.  You don't grab your own food, which I think is smart for food control. On a Sunday my friend and I decided to go after 2pm for dinner because that's when they serve MAC 'N CHEESE!  It is absolutely cheesy but not too cheesy, it's also creamy an if they give you a scoop with the top, you're in luck for a layer of nothing but cheese topping!So for an All-You-Can-Eat Dinner, it's $20, not including drinks, for Adults.I also had:FRIED CHICKEN - very good! Crispy and and deliscous!MEAT LOAF - moist and you know I got the ends where there more of that sweet ketchup sauce!  TURKEY - You HAVE to see the size of those turkey legs and wings!! You'll probably get full off of one of them! It's ridiculous in size and taste--and I mean it in a good way! With all the works it's been cooked in, this turkey is moist and tasteful.CORNBREAD DRESSING - eh, I didn't care for this..it's pretty much large cornbread crumbs that tasted dry.FRIED CATFISH - tastes like any other catfish with that crispy dry outer layer as that moist catfish meat inside.  BBQ RIBS - it falls of the bone easy enough and is full of BBQ yummy sauce! It may not be the best I ver had, but it was definitely delicious! BANANA PUDDING - this yummy sweet pudding also came with vanilla wafers! I love pudding so I loved this one!LEMON JELLO CAKE - I couldn't guess what the name of this dessert was...7-up cake? Sock-It-To-Me Cake?  No, it's called lemon hello cake! Haha!  It pretty much tastes like a lemon flavored cake with a very nice icing...I loved it!!!  It's so simple yet so yummy!! I got seconds.  Okay, I got thirds.  But you would too!PEACH COBBLER - here's a top: grab the serving that has the top layer crust! It's so good! Crispy and flakey...THAT is what makes a yummy peach cobbler.  I really enjoyed this dessert even it's canned peaches and not fresh ones. I still got seconds :). Happy this was served warm.RED VELVET CAKE - perhaps my least favorite of the bunch. It was dry and the frosting wasn't really cream cheese.  It tasted almost like cool whip.GERMAN CHOCOLATE CAKE - yeah don't even bother.  Dry. I mean if you like coconut frosting then just grab a serving for the frosting.  You have better choices out of the bunch :)YELLOW CAKE W/CHOCOLATE FROSTING - it pretty much tastes like it sounds.  Cake wasn't moist enough but hey! Something chocolate that was somewhat good! Just get a Lemon Jello Cake. Yes, I tried all their desserts because I can! I'm at a buffet!  I'd say the place is definitely more known for their entrees and sides cuz it was mostly phenomenal!  At first I felt $20 was a lot but you know what, it was good.  The service was great and the staff were friendly.  They even have their own parking lot! I'd like to come back only next time, I will do their take out, which comes with 2 meats, 4 sides and a dessert. I mean, after being able to sample a lot of the selections, I can just order what I already like!Thank you Souls for a wonderful all-you-can-soul food experience :)
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,1/17/2014,129,164,5,10,7>Va de Vie, I am impressed with your exceptional service and beautifully-plated and delicious tapas. In all my visits here, I've never been disappointed (not even a little). You've, therefore, become my favorite east bay restaurant for a nice evening out! Reservations for dinner are strongly recommended.The food is always served promptly and artfully plated in a Food Network-esque presentation. Since this is a tapas, or "small plates", restaurant, depending on how hungry you are and how much you eat, the bill can add up quickly. It's a little more than $10 a plate and 4-5 plates were filling for a party of 2. Some notable mentions:- Lechon (crispy pork belly): tasty plate of flavors, if you don't mind how fatty it is- Roasted Alaskan Black Cod- Guittard Chocolate Soufflé: has a 15 minute wait but it's worth the warm chocolatey gooeyness- Pear-almond Bread Pudding- Vanilla Bean Gelato: for the vanilla lover- Explorateur cheese plate and the burrata cheese:  I cant get enough of their wild flower honey!If you've never had ice wine before, this is a good opportunity to try a glass as dessert. As someone who's not much of a wine drinker, this blew me away with how delicately sweet and pleasant it was. Just try it and thank me later. ;)The wine flights that they offer are a fun way to try out all the different kinds of wine and see what kinds of food they pair well with. They come 3 at a time and the list is very expansive, so there's something for everyone. Service is impeccable. They keep everything clean by wiping down the tables and swapping out dirty plates for new ones throughout the meal. Water glass is always kept full and the staff are warm and informative. Space is small so the tables are placed very close to each other. Your neighbor's conversations are easily within earshot. This is not a good place for large groups or to discuss confidential business matters. Outdoor seating next to the sounds of the soothing fountain, if you can get it, is ideal on a warm summer day. There's also a color-changing and mesmerizing bar for individual seating.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,1/16/2014,340,339,7,16,10>I had pupusas with my daughter while watching Spanish telenovela! Just being able to say that sentence is more than enough for me to become an instant fan of Restaurante Mi Salvador, but what would cement this love for them is their pupusa. We had the pork and cheese, chicken and cheese, and loroco. All are very delicious, but my favorite would be the loroco. It is subtle and just so yummy! I also love that they are perfectly sized for days when I only have a small hunger. And for only $2.25 a piece, they are irresistible!The restaurant is clean and the waitresses are friendly. I am not sure if they get super busy, but seating was a breeze (we came at 3 PM on a Monday). I will definitely be a regular!
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,1/15/2014,61,176,5,11,5>Happy Hour all night Mondays and every weekday from 5-7PMOne of my favorite tiki bars and I'm not just saying that because I only live a town away from it. Great decor, friendly staff, not too packed but packed enough, and a great zombie drink that does its job right. Forbidden Island also has some great events. You need to check out their international flight lounge if you go. Usually it's a once a month event and a great deal. Great live bands play tiki tunes for free. A great atmosphere all around but I think the locals are what make this place special. I must admit I may not have such an affection to this place if it were in the city.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,1/14/2014,151,211,6,9,12>Two words merit 5 stars alone: Beer menu. I have to admit, I had little expectations walking in to Hog's. The outside doesn't seem super flashy and until I walked in I wasn't sure what the draw was. I'm a fan of the space and big windows that allow breeze to flow in and out.  The beer menu and beer nuts and munchies will keep this hoggette happy and coming back to the trough. After a long week I was thoroughly impressed with the beer list! I was super pleased to see the Habanero Sculpin and another hard to find Ballast stout on the list. Harder to find beers do come with a slightly higher cost but it's well worth the pretty penny. I'll be checking out Hogs more often to discover some great new ipas like the Freshie I enjoyed! Our bartender was super duper friendly and even gave me my half of the habanero sculpin gratis when the tap ran out. Happy to see this bar/resto making Temescal an ever growing thriving restaurant community!
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,1/13/2014,100,210,4,7,6>This place is adorable, and the coffee is amazing. Today was my first time trying it out, and I got a small latte with housemade vanilla syrup added in upon recommendation from the barista. He was very friendly and even offered a 10% discount for working on 4th Street!My drink took a bit of time to prepare (probably since they're still settling in), but man, it was worth the wait. The latte was super smooth and the vanilla flavor was perfect--not overly sweet at all. Will definitely be coming back and hope to try their drip next time.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,1/12/2014,1017,341,4,14,11>This was, hands down, one of the best meals I've ever eaten. The 13th was my birthday and my parents wanted to treat me to a belated birthday dinner, so since I'd been wanting to try Yojimbo for a long time I suggested it and they were down.There was quite a line when we walked in, which would've been a deterrent had they not been working really hard and fast to get everyone a table. Plus, the wait wasn't that bad when you got to spend time admiring the amazing ink paintings covering every wall and watching Spirited Away on a nearby TV. We were seated after about ten minutes and were really surprised by how reasonable the pricing was for everything. All four of us ordered a bowl of ramen at $9.95 each, with my dad's seafood ramen being only a dollar more. We also got 3 orders of California Rolls and an order of gyoza. The bowls of ramen were huge, and the portions incredibly generous. This wasn't mediocre ramen either, by any means; I got the gyoza ramen with spicy broth, which was filled to the brim with noodles, gyoza, a hard boiled egg, carrot and seaweed. The broth was fragrant and flavorful, and it was the best ramen I've ever had. Everyone loved their bowls - my mom got the pork ramen which had huge cuts of pork in the broth, my brother got the chicken which had a large serving of meat, and my dad got the entire ocean of seafood in his bowl. The rolls were fresh and made well and the gyoza were deep-fried to perfection.I honestly didn't want dinner to end. Service was fast, the wait staff here is constantly bustling about tending to every table, and the food is out of this world. My dad and I noticed how great it smelled when we walked in and were waiting by the kitchen. This is a really tiny place so think twice before bringing more than four people, which is really the biggest amount of people I'd feel comfortable asking Yojimbo to accommodate. If I lived in Alameda I'd be ordering takeout multiple times a week. Officially a fan.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,1/11/2014,206,442,6,20,9>Where am I?  I am not in Livermore.  I can't be.  This swanky, cozy spot is straight out of Oakland or San Francisco.  Someone pinch me.First off, I love the decor.  Dimly-lit with furniture full of character.  Well done.Secondly, the attentive service just can't be beat.Food and drinks...awesome.  My mom and I enjoyed the Roasted Beet Salad, Chicken n' Waffle Sliders, Burger with Blue Cheese and some well-crafted cocktails.The Last Word is the perfect addition to our increasingly fabulous downtown.  Word.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,1/10/2014,313,779,3,10,5>I'm actually really appalled that I haven't written a review for this place, considering how often I rave about it to my friends not from the area. Come for the OXTAIL POUTINE. Oh yes. This knocked my previous favorite (short rib poutine at Salt House in SF) way out of the water. It's creamy, cheesy, salty and crunchy all in one and I should be more embarrassed to admit that left to my own devices I could probably finish one order all by myself. You may wait for a bit considering it's quite literally a neighborhood joint. It's worth it, I promise. Must come back for the brunch!
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,1/9/2014,356,481,6,19,12>Like everyone else, I loooove Burma Superstar, but hate the wait (although I've heard the wait is even worse in the city). Thankfully, Rangoon Super Stars has opened! Apparently the owner is the previous chef from Burma Superstar, and he brought all his tasty recipes along. Since it's still new, there's no wait! It's actually a pretty large space, and the staff is all very friendly. The owner even came by to check on us during dinner =] We ordered the tea leaf salad, samosa soup, lemon grass salmon, garlic noodles with duck, and fiery lamb. Everything was absolutely fantastic. If you've never tried Burmese food, you need to hurry up and do it because the flavors are off the charts. The lemon grass salmon was very spicy, and the owner commented we were the first to eat it without breaking a sweat haha. Garlic noodles with lamb are not too garlicky and the noodles are cooked perfectly. The fiery lamb was also spicy, but not as spicy as the lemongrass salmon. Oh, and those shrimp chips they give you in the beginning are amazing. Will definitely be back!
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,1/8/2014,179,235,8,18,14>This place just screams "Berkeley" to me. Open one day a week (Sunday) for 3 hours, cash only, difficult parking, amazing food.I am out of town on many  weekends so I have to remind myself to take advantage of a rare "local" weekend and get myself over to Wat M. for a Thai brunch (which translates into serving as all my meals for that day - after eating there, I bring stuff home and graze throughout the day). I go right at 10:00 a.m. and there are already lines for food and scarce parking. I can only imagine how crowded it gets closer to the lunch hour. If you are a South Berkeley local, I highly recommend riding your bike or walking. The process is to exchange your cash for tokens ($1 = 1 token). When you order, you drop the appropriate # of tokens in the dish proffered by the servers. My go-to dishes are the fried chicken ($7), papaya salad ($4?), and shrimp spring rolls (4 huge ones for $6!). The long lines are for the hot food selections (green curry, pad thai, etc). There are also vegetarian offerings.There are long communal tables for eating and it's a pleasant way to spend a leisurely Sunday morning on a nice day. I feel pretty lucky to live just a mile away from Wat M. Definitely a fun Berkeley experience and the food is very fresh and tasty!
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,1/7/2014,200,470,6,8,9>Sweet or savory, that is the only question as I walk through these doors! We have tried a couple of the "dinner pies", the Chicken Pot Pie and the Cider-Glazed Roast Pork and Apple Pie, pretty much the ultimate comfort food.  The crust has just the right amount of flake, very much like my own when I'm not too lazy to bake. Also sampled an apple and a pumpkin pie and they were equally perfect. I'm more of the savory lover while Mr. S can't resist sweets!Only thing I found that wasn't over the top was a mushroom empanada. It was ok but the filling was rather dull and could have been seasoned a bit more.Mr. S has always raved about my pastry and pie making ability but why would I take the time to bake a pie at home when I can pop right over here to purchase one of these very reasonably priced tasty morsels? Now that I've written this review I think I'll take a drive and see what I can procure for dinner!!
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2013,1/6/2014,246,234,11,16,12>Romantic Date night on a budget?  I would never think I would choose this spot as part of that category.  The ambiance here is quiet with a classy feel.  Candle light on each table with dim lighting.  We stumbled on this place not for the pizza but for the Vegan Mac and Cheese.  They created a "fancy" culinary creation and revamped the boring version.  Melted leeks, vegan cheese and seasoning made this one of the best East Bay Vegan Eats you must try, even if you're not vegan.We also ordered the Smiling Cow pizza: vegan sausage, red onion, garlic, tomato sauce, vegan mozzarella, vegan parmesan.  If you're a fan of thin crust then definitely try out this pizza.  I'm more of a deep dish kind of girl, but the flavoring of the sauce and topping was good.  I was surprised even the next day when reheated, it tasted even better.   All of the vegetarian pizzas here can be turned vegan by adding vegan mozzarella cheese.  Any date night dinner is not complete without dessert.  The chocolate cake was satisfactory.  I think if they added a scoop of soy ice cream, it would take this ordinary chocolate cake to another level.  The only item I was disappointed with was the Cappuccino.  It was more of a dry cappuccino (25% espresso and 75% milk foam).  It was like drinking dry air.As for service, I would say its standard.  Food arrived at a reasonable time.  The waitress we had was not very cheerful nor did she smile.  I always believe everyone has a bad day, so I'm hoping she was just having one of those days and maybe next time we visit it will be better.  Atleast she wasn't rude.So gentlemen, need to find a place to take your lady out or a meet up place where you can actually hear each other.  A place where you don't have to yell or here the clicking of laptops, espresso machines constantly going in the background, then head here. Sorry no pictures attached, I lost the pictures when I got my new iPhone and updated.  Lost it all :-( Only gives us a reason to come back.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,1/5/2014,663,262,18,12,12>True Story. By M.B.Came in one morning and ordered my soy latte. Small talk with cool and mellow dudes. Fixed my latte the way I like it. Out of the corner of my eye I spot a fellow who looks somewhat familiar. So I glanced over but just couldn't place him. He smiled, almost sheepishly. We made eye contact for about 3 seconds, I smiled back. I walked out of Haddon Hill Cafe- then my "AHA" moment hit me like a pound of coffee beans. He's a barista from lakeshore Peets. And he knew exactly who I was, being Duchess of Peets and all. Funny! He was being ba-ah-ah-ad!So the point of the story is- Haddon Hill Cafe is so good even for pro-baristas like....ahem..don't worry my dude, your secret is safe with me ;) Baristas know where to get good coffee.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,1/4/2014,91,181,10,11,8>First off, the timely information:  COME HERE TO GET YOUR SEASONAL PUMPKIN WAFFLE!And then proceed to come here all the neuken time for your Dutch waffle breakfast wet-dream.It wasn't even me who ordered the waffle, but the bit of my friend's breakfast that I had merits an ode.I got some hash brown slop (tasted like butter....seriously, they may have not even contained potatoes or salt in them), 2 sausage patties (which were surprisingly FANTASTIC and not-frozen...which would've been still acceptable for diner-breakfast), "dippy" (ya, I'm from Pittsburgh) eggs, and a beer (YES, they serve beer)!It was all fantastic. It was all less than $20 with tax and tip.5 minute or less wait for 3 counter seats on a Sunday at noon, for what it's worth.Also, they serve beer!Be sure to sit at the counter so that you can watch them make like 17,594 plates of food 3 feet in front of you while you sit.Also, they serve beer!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,1/3/2014,126,1452,14,21,17>Donuts have never been my thing.  I almost got fired from a job because I said I didn't like donuts.  Luckily there's laws protecting against that.Then I met the most delicious donut I've ever had.  In a tiny strip mall in Martinez California they make the best Cream Filled Donut topped with chocolate.  We get there early Sunday morning and they always let us know that they made the cream fresh.  It's like a decadent little cake, but better.I'll also let you know that their raspberry filled donut is quite tasty too.  My son gets the chocolate with red, white and blue sprinkles.  Which he then really only eats the top half with sprinkles.The coffee they serve is kind if light but does have nice flavor.They are always happy to see their customers and make for a doubly sweet morning.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2013,1/2/2014,277,382,6,9,10>A unique bar you have to experience. Hotsy Totsy is definitely one of my favorite bars in the East Bay. First off, there is a taco truck right outside the bar and you can bring food into the bar. The taco truck is pretty good, so check out that review:yelp.com/biz/tacos-el-au…The atmosphere at Hotsy Totsy is great. There are creepy paintings on the walls, a TV playing adult-rated films from the 70's, a crowd of stern regulars, and the owner's dog scurrying aroundDo not perceive the slight hostility of the bartenders as being unwelcome, they will take care of you, just be patient and polite.  You have to earn establish your street cred here first. You will be rewarded, the cocktails here are serious business. Not only do they use unique ingredients, they also have some flair (and flare!). Order the signature Hotsy Totsy if you are feeling a bit chilly. They also have a jukebox, a shuffleboard, and a games machine with some interesting games, such as 'best pair'. I'll let you figure out for yourself what that game is about. I saved the special spot of my 300th review for Hotsy Totsy. Come with an open mind and have a good time.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,1/1/2014,299,1732,3,16,11>It was an easy transition from O Chame to Iyasare, both Japanese, but Iyasare so much more transporting.  The food resonates the culture it represents, with a touch of CA. Other than the fresh green and white florals dotting the interior, not much has changed.  I would choose a bar seat or something away from the door in the colder months.  Warm and professional service.  Kitchen was accommodating of our requests.  The sashimi and nigiri come fixed.  We wanted to try the uni and the chef obliged.  Uni, sake and Hamachi nigiri for $9 for 3 pcs, reasonable, uni was our favorite, but others were above average and had slight vegetable and/or salt adornments.  Skipped sake and went for a glass of pinot noir, went wonderful with the meal.  Green tea was a little weak and favors the American custom, with fees attached, they will refill your pot with hot water through the evening without prompting.  MUST order:-Miso Eggplant, if you don't like the veg, you will after this.  Luscious.-Sushi, see above-Wagyu Tataki, generous marbled slices with beautifully julienned veg to counter the fat-Okonomiyaki, delicate, focused on quality ingredients like crab and veg, not flour filler-Cod with duxelle, so gorgeous, my favorite of the night, delicate buttery and earthyGood:-Bibb lettuce salad with crab, dressing is hidden at the bottom, I would suggest more tossing by the kitchen, we weren't aware of it till we got to the end of the course.Such an enjoyable meal.  Cleaned off EVERY morsel.  So excited Iyasare is here!!!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,12/31/2013,654,850,11,18,20>Cool bartenders. Strong drinks. Good but small tap beer selection. Great dive bar. But it's more than that.Lots of memorabilia everywhere. Not mere kitsch. Stuff compiled for over a century. Stuff with a real history. But it's more than that.An old shack assembled from the timbers of a whaling ship. An old shack in a modern & revitalized Jack London Square. But it's more than that.Jack London's old hangout. Jack London's college fund. Jack London's Muse. But it's more than that.An Oakland icon. But it's more than that.That crazy slanted floor. The Great Earthquake of 1906 damn near destroyed San Francisco, but this place still stands. A clear demonstration of how to bend but not break under terrific pressure.A symbol for Oakland's perseverance through all the tough times. Bend, but don't break, baby.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,12/30/2013,72,161,14,14,16>Economists created the Big Mag Index to measure purchasing power in different countries. I've created the John's Index to aid in all your food-related decision-making around Berkeley; it's just as scientific, I promise:For $1, would you rather have...- 4 chicken McNuggets, or a scoop of coffee toffee on a sugar cone from John's?- A KitKat bar from a vending machine, or a scoop of ume in a cup from John's?- 1/5 of a cinnamon bun from Cinnaholic, or a scoop of cinnamon streusel crunch in a sugar cone from John's?- Half a brownie from Caffe Strada, or a scoop of double fudge brownie in a cake cone from John's?If you've got a Washington in your pocket, the answer is John's, always John's.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,12/29/2013,999,361,3,7,5>If you love vietnamese sandwiches, this place is a MUST. I'm so sad that I didn't discover it until now, but so glad that I finally did.Every single bite of my #4 bbq pork sandwich surely did live up to all the 5 star reviews this place has gotten. I'm in love!I'm not even afraid of hyping this place up because it is damn delicious.The bun was toasted to perfection, crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside. The bbq pork was tender and flavorful. The vegetables were so fresh and crisp. And the best part? Only $3 flat for a sandwich. I would pay $5-6 for it!See you real soon, Cam Huong!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,12/28/2013,846,705,5,7,6>If you're in Fremont or anywhere nearby this area and looking for a good time filled with laughter, you should definitely check out Made Up Theatre. They have shows every Saturday night, and it's pretty dang funny! I've been to their shows twice, and all times I've found myself laughing to nearly tears. Haha... The cast consist of 5 ppl (4 dudes & 1 chick) and they're all pretty hilarious. It is improv comedy and there's a good bit of audience participation. So sometimes they get people on stage to act out something which is pretty funny to watch. The actual space of the place is very intimate with only about 50seats, I think. So everyone can experience the action very close. Lol.. But I did hear they're going to be expanding the theatre or remodeling it.. I think. They'll be revealing the new theatre space on NYE of this yr..Ticket prices are pretty low cost, and sometimes watch out for the Groupons!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2013,12/27/2013,142,274,6,7,8>Who would ever think to go sake tasting?  It's not exactly a family friendly activity, nor a particularly exciting activity, but somehow, through its novelty and chance, it's captured my heart.  And my tastebuds.  I don't like sake.  Let me rephrase.  Given the choice between the two usually crappy kinds of sake on a Japanese menu and beer... I'm going to pick beer.  But thanks to Takara Sake's tasting and surprising know-how of the sake-tasting-conductor-people, I might just give this whole sake thing a go!  Okay, okay, the flavored sakes are my favorite because I am, after all, a newb... but with the detailed and masterful education I have received through my midday sake adventures, I can make any sushi restaurant sake menu my bitch!  I understand more about what I like and don't like so I can make intelligent ordering choices rather than closing my eyes and pointing.  "Pfft, GINJO? Moving on!" They sell all the sake in bottles, as well as sake sets and other useful gadgets.  I always buy something.  Always.  My liquor cabinet has a bottle of vodka, a bottle of bourbon, and half a shelf of sake, the majority of which is sparkling because I'm still a newb and I still don't really like sake!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,12/26/2013,101,119,1,16,6>We had an awesome, welcoming dinner experience at this new downtown Hayward restaurant. There have been several eateries at this location over the years, but I have a feeling Acqua e' Farina will exceed expectations and flourish with such delicious food and warm hospitality. It seems plain from the outside, but the inside has painted walls of European storefronts and streets (This is from when the building housed a French restaurant. They have now "renamed" the signs by painting over them with Italian names). The entire staff were cheerful, attentive, and let us know that we could either order from the menu or request something else as long as they have the ingredients. I had spinach ravioli. The manager also brought us a plate of bruschetta, on the house! We truly enjoyed everything and we'll back to try the rest of their menu. I really wish them all the best, and you will too when you get acquainted!
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,12/25/2013,303,540,7,12,9>Living right off Monument offers an embarassment of taqueria riches, and El Molino is at the top of that culinary heap!  Based on the insanely high ratings we popped in for dinner on a Wednesday night.  To get a good tour of the menu we ordered carnitas nachos, a carne asada quesadilla and a chicken soft taco.  Adding two Mexican Cokes to that order, and it all came in for less than $20 and was far more than we could finish.  Deals abound here!   Though there are tables inside, they are few in number and since everything is open and people are working hard to create killer food and crank out tortillas, it isn't exactly a quiet dinner spot - consider making your order to go.  The chicken soft taco was wonderful, fresh and light - awesome grilled chicken, two fresh corn tortillas, and BOATLOADS of onion, cilantro and a scoop of green salsa on top.  So juicy and flavorful!  The super asada quesadilla was INSANITY - jam packed with seasoned steak, grilled perfectly and all kinds of goodies on the side to top it however you want.  And those nachos - oh em gee.  A HUGE portion, covered in their mindblowing carnitas, guac, sour cream, salsa, lettuce, beans, cheese, jalapenos & carrots, and somewhere under there were some killer homemade chips.  Any nachos that require a fork will change your life.  I told my BF, who knows I like to make nachos on Super Bowl Sunday, that I am never making nachos again, for I have been shamed and schooled by El Molino.  Can I place my takeout order for Game Day right now? :)  I can't wait to return, once the Bellyache of Overindulgence has passed, to try their tortas and pupusas!  Thanks for keeping it real, El Molino - really yummy!
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2013,12/24/2013,235,168,1,7,6>I heard B&B was the new "it" place to try in Rockridge and was dying to take my favorite foodie friend here. The ambiance is chic, tasteful and unpretentious; you also get a slight latin vibe, courtesy of the vibrant music. It set the mood for the rest of the meal. Definitely the kind that you can bob your head to. It was also neat to see Chef Munther and his sous chef peek out from the kitchen every once in a while to check on things and chat up the bartenders. The vibe seemed relaxed and friendly as a result. We made reservations for a Wednesday night and the place was surprisingly packed. The server told us the restaurant had only been open for one month but you could never tell by the looks of things; they operated like pros. I had already knew what I wanted to order (thanks to Yelp...) and started off with a cocktail, Argentina Nights, made with limoncello and sparkling rosé. It was too strong for my tolerance (I'm a wuss) but still very tasty. For small plates, we ordered the Lobster Bisque with Corn Flan (very, very salty if not for the saving grace of corn flan), Beef & Ham Stew to try some of their beef (also very salty -- we only finished half between the two of us) and the Crispy Kobe Pork Belly (cooked to perfection -- my favorite dish of the night). I was sad we could not try the mussels (they come in more than a dozen) but we simply could not finish all of that food by ourselves. For the main course/large plate, we split the Duck Confit with Rabbit and Wild Boar Sausage, which was interesting to say the least. The dish came with Peruvian white beans, carrots and onions, which added some nice flavor, but it was hard to tell which sausage was the rabbit and which was the wild boar. In fact, they both tasted exactly the same and even our server couldn't tell just based on appearance. Still, the dish was tasty and it made me like rabbit! When I had rabbit in the past, it was tough and gamey but this rabbit was tender, succulent and flavorful. Same with the wild boar since it tasted exactly the same! Haha. But in my opinion, duck confit tastes the best cooked traditionally French rather than Latin-influenced. A strong highlight of the meal was dessert. In an effort to try something bourbon-related on the menu, we ordered the Bourbon Brûlée Caramel Rice Pudding, which was utterly delicious. I've never tasted anything like it! I've tried fantastic rice pudding from Rice to Riches in New York and I've tried authentic crème brûlée from France but this was a true fusion of the two to create something truly original and unique. The caramel and bing cherry flavor is very subtle but tasty. I definitely recommend getting this, especially if your stomach is not game to try the many bottles of bourbon the restaurant has to offer, like me. All in all, a fantastic meal and I can't wait to bring more of my friends back! Also, the service was amazing and one of the gentlemen there was very attentive, I wish I had asked for his name. He wasn't our server but he just happened to be in our line of fire whenever we had a question or request so we sort of adopted him as our own, haha. Bourbon & Beef, I officially welcome you to the neighborhood. I will definitely be back!
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,12/23/2013,503,1251,10,15,12>HOW AWESOME IS THIS PLACE (!!)I really had no idea what to expect from this performance venue but any expectations I may have formed were met and more! This place is so awesome!!Showing up a little early for shows is common sense. Showing up a LOT early is only appropriate some of the time. Here is a time where you want to make sure you arrive a LOT early. Relax and chat with friends over some cheese and wine at a shady picnic table with a light breeze. Oh? You forgot to bring your bottle of wine with you? That's OK, they sell food and wine at reasonable prices! Enjoy. Your designated driver will find non-alcoholic beverages at the same concession bar.The seating is wonderful and I preferred being in the back of the audience - great spot. Our rented chairs ($3) were comfortable. It would have been more crowded for a sold-out show, but we had just enough room to move around and set our bag next to us. We brought one blanket and one pillow. Next time we will each bring our own blanket/pillow. It can get chilly in the evenings!The acoustics and lighting were fantastic. The one-act performance was great. Our tickets were gifted. The experience as a whole was all-around great. It was nice to be allowed to bring our own snacks and beverages. Don't get carried away though! I used the restroom before leaving and a woman ahead of me in line kept insisting the far stall was unoccupied. She was leaning down to look and eventually just fell over onto the bathroom floor. I try to limit my exposure to bathroom floors. (She was fine, and seemed to laugh it off. The stall was indeed occupied). I crossed my fingers that Ms. Too-Much-Fun wasn't driving, but made sure to get on the road before she did, just in case.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,12/22/2013,610,620,6,9,7>Bette's is a cozy little diner with ageless charm. German touches are present but not overwhelming. Look out, there's a giant piece of pie hanging from the ceiling! We were seated right away, although outside. It was a beautiful day, so that was A-Ok. Plus, I am a people watcher and a sidewalk in Berkeley is prime real estate. Our server was perfect. He was witty but not overly sarcastic or friendly. It felt like my brother, if I had one, was waiting on us. Our coffee was kept full and we had everything we needed.Being the rum lover I am, I couldn't resist trying the banana rum souffle pancake. I'm not sure where or how the rum is incorporated but I really couldn't identify it at all and that made me a little sad.  The pancake was ok, very light and fluffy but seemed more like an undercooked pancake than a delicacy. My daughter ordered the french toast and bacon. Woah, she had to fend off the rest of the table with that one. It looked and smelled delicious. Everyone that stole a bite said it was delicious. My husband ordered the scrapple and really enjoyed it.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,12/21/2013,166,289,1,9,6>I finally can remove the bookmark that I've had for Island Joe's!! Woo Hoo!So glad I was able to check this local eatery out. Easy to get to and plentiful parking. The wait staff for our Sunday morning breakfast jaunt was amazing! Friendly, bubbly and attentive. Coffee was black and strong! I enjoyed the Crab omelet with hollandaise sauce and hash browns. Needless to say I got the 'Clean Plate Sticker"! LOL The 3 egg omelet had fresh (I know because I asked) crab with green onions and cheese that combined was just heaven in my mouth. The Best part of my meal was the freshly in house made wheat bread. It was thick and hearty with loads of  the classic wheat bread flavor. Smothered with butter and a bit of strawberry jelly it was again amazing! I WILL order it at another breakfast visit. My Hubby got the Breakfast Enchiladas with sausage egg and cheese paired with Spanish rice and re fried beans. He enjoyed them, however he said it wasn't something he'd order again, but try something else.  He stresses it wasn't bad though, just nothing to brag about. They have only 2 choices to choose for on the kids menu for breakfast. My child had the fluffy pancakes. Very relaxing and homey open atmosphere with the sweet smell of baked breads and desserts. They do have a separate bar area for those that would like a cocktail for breakfast.Mad at myself for not dragging my family here sooner!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,12/20/2013,278,117,2,8,7>Totally in love with this place! I had an excellent breakfast experience from the service to the food. I came here with a friend on a Sunday morning and the place looked packed from the outside. We were able to snag a table and seat ourselves right away and immediately ordered two fresh scones (pear and I think blueberry?) and some Mexican breakfasts. I'm an avid consumer of scones as they're my top breakfast pastry of choice, and I was not disappointed when I took my first bite of my fresh, warm, crumbly confection. Our main dishes, which came in ample portions, were hearty and delicious. This place is super cute and the food ain't bad. An excellent choice for breakfast in the Berkeley area. And you can find their scones at Berkeley Bowl if you've got a hankering.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2013,12/19/2013,233,174,6,13,10>I really love Prizefighter. I come here pretty regularly and it's always a good time no matter what day of the week it is.The crowd is different every time I drop by. Some nights, it's almost all people in their 30's-40's. Other nights, there is a lot more young blood. I've never really seen this place at capacity but I definitely appreciate elbow room. The appearance of the bar is quite impressive and the cocktail selection is extensive. Think moscow mules or top shelf liquor, not Red Bull and mystery vodka. In this case, $9 per cocktail is a fair price because the bartenders actually know what they're doing. They do take their sweet time while making drinks but the outcome is superb. Typically, I am just a straight whiskey drinker but when I come here, I am a bit more adventurous. As of late, my favorites are the whiskey apple soda and the Tennessee rye ball.The interior is spacious. Plenty of seating and space to mingle. I definitely favor the patio seating. I pretty much flock to any bar that has an outdoor area. There are working heat lamps, a hipster friendly bike rack built inside of the fence, and you can smoke if you wish. Dogs are welcome, which is a huge plus. I've seen some really adorable pets here. The music ranges from ambient electronic to indie rock favorites. Definitely not a dance-y location, which thrills me to no end. If you care about shuffleboard, they have one and it looks like it's in pretty good condition. The bathroom is well maintained and there is plenty of parking around the block. Love love love.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,12/18/2013,214,154,4,6,5>Despite its location in a hotel, Plate and Vine did not imbue the "hotel restaurant" vibe. It was warm and friendly and had a nice decor. The menu items all looked good and items were generally sustainable and toted as locally sourced. (Salmon was, but the prawns were not.) We tried the cheese platter which was lovely. I had the salmon and my boyfriend had the pork belly. The pork belly was crisp and the addition of jalapeno slivers gave the dish a nice spice. The salmon was deliciously cooked and served over some smoked salmon, with tomatoes, roe and vegetables. The drink menu was enticing and there were many options, including an extensive wine list and wine flights. I enjoyed my berry mojito with fresh berries. Service was fine.They are very social media friendly with great yelp check in and online offers and discounts.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,12/17/2013,158,99,8,10,9>I'm not a big time carnivore but shiza these were the BEST RIBS I have ever had! They've got three levels of saucy BBQ spiciness: regular, spicy, and extra spicy. The extra spicy for me was an all-enveloping mouth burn that was fun to play with, but not something I'd smother my entire rack with. Man o h man the meat is so tender! Now I truly understand the meaning of meat that is practically falling off the bone. The plates allow you to choose any cut of meat that you want (tri-tip, brisket, ribs, etc) and get 2 sides and some slices of plain ole wheat bread. The mac & cheese came highly recommended and is made with a sharp cheddar that makes you think twice! I got collared greens too because I thought hey maybe it's a good idea to have some greens more than once a weekend but alas, they were flavorless and quite mush. Next time I'm going to try the cornbread to really round out the deal. The desserts are so lovely too. One of my dining companions described it best when she said that they're not throw-away after meal treats. The barbecue meat hangs heavy in your tummy (deliciously, of course) but you always have space for a bite of that chocolate pecan pie or strawberry cobbler! Originally my friend from out of town wanted to go to Phat Matt's on Friday for dinner but we called them around 6 pm and got an automated message saying that they had a sell-out day!  (So be sure to call ahead if you're going on a busy night!) Of course my friend insisted on making the trek back out to the East Bay from SF on Saturday just to eat at Phat Matt's and I'm glad he was so set on it because it was a delightful, de-lovely, delicious experience! (Cole Porter's Anything Goes reference there for any of you theatre lovers.)I will be back!
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2013,12/16/2013,119,95,8,16,8>Pro tip: 17% service charge is included in the bill whether you have a tab at the bar or the dining area. No reservations, 2 single-person restrooms with gender assignment, but no one seems to care who goes where. This place is loud! It's lively and energetic for people who don't mind loud acoustics while dining. Dish sizes are good for sharing, though items like the fried chicken come in one large piece with a sharp knife.It's clear that Penrose is a development from Charlie Hallowell's other restaurants, but it doesn't merely borrow from the other menus, for instance, the fried brussels sprouts here is punchier with more chutney flavor than the dish at Boot and Shoe. The flatbread fell flat, surprising since you'd assume this would be their specialty, it tasted fine, but I could have mistaken it for a generic warm pita with olive oil slathered on top (okay, the fire blistering made it a little more special). The fried chicken was excellent, crispy skin with plenty of texture, tender meat. Lamb tartare was impressively fresh. Lamb kefta (3 kabobs) was very tender and a standout dish. Scallop crudo was very memorable, tender with a hint of citrus; lots of layered flavors. Twenty whiskeys are available at the bar, but maybe a little description on the menu would help. I tried 4 and didn't find one that tickled my fancy. (not that my fancy needs constant attention). Service was well-intentioned but still a little jittery (I went on the 2nd day of opening after all). I think (hope) the lawn furniture seats are temporary because they're uncomfortable and don't jibe with the craftsmanship of the stools/tables (edit, the new furniture has arrived!). I definitely will go back, this is very welcome addition to the local food landscape.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,12/15/2013,321,553,8,10,10>I was in the neighborhood Sunday afternoon and decided to sneak a peek to see if Doughnut Dolly was open. Sure enough, they were! I decided to treat myself to one of their doughnuts. I just thought it was a regular doughnut shop, but I was wrong. They specialize in made to order filled doughnuts. I don't really recall all of the flavors they had, but I went for the Pluot Jam. I also didn't know that you had the option to choose a granulated sugar or powder sugar doughnut. I went with the powdered sugar. I watched in amazement when the girl behind the counter made my order. Each doughnut is $3, which I think is a good price for these little balls of love. The doughnut itself was so soft between my hands that I couldn't wait to try it. Yummy!!! So soft and light. It was exciting to get to the jam filled center, which had just the right amount of sweetness.I wish I had one right now while I was writing this :(
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,12/14/2013,406,300,6,9,9>What a great concept! The exact ingredients I want including fru fru options like roasted garlic and fresh basil. If you want a regular pizza like pepperoni and sausage you can have it. If you want a fancy gluten-free pizza with pesto, basil, olive oil, cherry tomatoes, and prosciutto, you can have that too!Our pizzas came out quickly. They were tasty and the crust was nice and crispy. They go great with their $3 root beer on tap. You can really taste the sarsaparilla in their root beer. Yum! Each pizza is a bit larger than a personal pizza. It could easily serve two especially if you also get an appetizer and dessert. Or, if you are my husband, who at one point was averaging 6,000 calories a day in the dorms, you could eat two pizzas by yourself. One personal confession to BUILD: I'm kind of a lazy person. I would've given you five stars, but when I am seated at a restaurant, I want to stay seated unless it's a buffet. I don't feel like getting up to tell the chef what I want by pointing at ingredients. This really threw off the hip style of the restaurant. I'd much rather be given a slip of paper with ingredients on them. I check them off, the waiter puts in the order, and comes back with a piping hot pizza. All with my butt firmly planted in the booth. I also didn't like getting up to get my own napkin. But, the waiter was very apologetic about forgetting napkins. Maybe it's too hard for the them to see if the black napkins are on the black tables!Looking forward to seeing this place get into a groove! A fun date night option.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,12/13/2013,273,298,2,11,6>Though it's on the pricier side, Kiku Sushi definitely gets all its stars for the quality of its fish! I took my boyfriend here for his 21st birthday dinner, and we tried a good assortment of things that were all really worth the money.The grilled hamachi collar is a must-try. It has a lot of meat on it, and the crispy skin on the outside was a great contrast to the buttery and flaky fish on the inside. We also tried the futomaki, which is supposedly a vegetarian roll, but it had unagi inside. I actually loved it like this, and they added a little more than what's traditionally in futomaki. Both the chirashi and sake don had huge pieces of sashimi on top of a bed of sushi rice. The rice was just right, and I liked the sesame seeds on top that added a little extra crunch and flavor. The fish was extremely fresh, and they definitely give you your money's worth. I'm also a huge fan of tamago, so I was glad that it was also done really well. At the end of the meal, they included a green tea tempura ice cream as a birthday special! It's a little out of the way and pricey, but its quality is comparable to Kirala and other high-end sushi places in SF. Stick with anything with fish, and it'll be so worth it!
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,12/12/2013,171,38,6,11,12>Marc 49 is a great local wine bar!   I'm treated like a regular every time I go in which makes it easy to want to go back! The wonderful men behind the bar always make the experience a blast!  Dezman is always working on a new concoction, and never hesitates to help you with you drink selections.  I'm a bit picky when it comes to my wine, and Dezman has been able to make selections that make me and my wine  happy!Dezman and Chris are the best!There is a back patio that's a great spot for dates!  They now have a TV which shows old movies (no sound) so you can make up your own stories :)They are in the process of changing their menu, i just want them to bring the BACON back!!! Check them out for taco Tuesday!!
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,12/11/2013,139,240,1,8,6>This place is so awesome! I've only been once but it was such a fun experience because you get to try all these really cool Indian street foods. When you walk in, there are menus with photos (so helpful) and also a description and story about each item. They also indicate which items on the menu are vegetarian, gluten-free and vegan (A+ for that). In addition to the items on the photo menu, there are daily specials you can order which arrive as combo meals. I came with a huge group of people (probably more than 20 people) for lunch on a Wednesday and despite it being busy, our food came relatively fast and we were able to sit at one really long table. Because we had a huge group, we ordered almost everything on the menu. Favorites included the samosas and dosas.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,12/10/2013,248,124,6,11,10>Spectacular Local Theater!I've seen numerous shows at Berkeley Rep, including "Three Sisters," "Pericles," "Dear Elizabeth," and "The Pianist at Willesden Lane." The theater-goers are a mixture of couples on dates, the early bird crowd, and theater geeks (like me!) All the seats have great views of the thrusted stage, so no matter what you're paying, you will feel completely immersed in each scene!The new bar is pretty nice. Last week, my friend and fellow Yelp Elite, Bonnie Z., and I went to watch "The Pianist at Willesden Lane," and the bar didn't have much to make cocktails...no orange juice, no pineapple juice. The saving grace was the hibiscus grapefruit cocktail, which was perfect for a sweet tooth like me. Food and drinks are overpriced, but that is to be expected. I definitely enjoyed the truffles and seeing cupcakes from Love at First Bite--one of my favorite cupcake places in the East Bay.  The courtyard that separates their two theaters is absolutely gorgeous, especially at night. Imagine sipping wine and sitting under a beautiful tree strung with twinkle lights and the buzz of people eagerly anticipating an almost guaranteed excellent play. So no matter what play you are watching, no matter how serious, funny, or abstract, the people at Berkeley Rep give it their all, and you are sure to enjoy your night.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,12/9/2013,132,188,6,12,10>Super Cue Cafe is one of the best Boba places in Fremont. I love this place. I always get the Super Size Taro Milk Tea with pearls and less sugar, however, it appears I'll be adding hot Toffee Milk Tea into my routine. The Taro Milk Tea that is made here is phenomenal, I even got my friends who never drink Boba drinks to start because of their Taro Milk Tea. The Toffee Milk Tea came highly recommended and it did not disappoint.I love the convenient location right in Auto Mall as it's near where I spend a lot of my time, and the music is always on point. The workers are absolutely wonderful and I've never had any issues.The only possible gripe one might have about this place is that they take longer than usual to make your drink. Quite frankly, I'm not sure why but I have no issues with waiting a few additional minutes for something good. Sometimes it's good to slow down and take time to smell the roses.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,12/8/2013,201,268,3,8,6>Hello Happy Hour!!! Recently I'm on a look-out for inexpensive fun, and $3 Blue Moon pints definitely qualify. The 3-6pm HH menu in the bar is definitely a great reason to get cozy in the bay window and enjoy the view.Lunch and dinner are a different story. I've been here for business lunches at least a dozen times. The view never fails to impress, and convince clients that yes, there is a nice part of Richmond. However, the food is a little pricey, and while tasty, is fairly simple. No pork-belly or other trendy food fads here, just simple, delicious traditional Italian. The veal shank, lasagna or cioppino are my go-to recommendations. There was a ravioli dish that once left me hungry... It was only 4 slightly larger raviolis and I expected more from an entree, but the lasagna and veal shank are guaranteed to satisfy.The food is good, but it's a tad overpriced. You come here for the view - and the $3 HH Blue Moons!!! Woo hoo!!
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,12/7/2013,2243,356,7,14,11>The pressure of my Italian family in town and wanting to go out for good Italian food is intense.  12 of us "mangia mi virgins" arrived Saturday night to a crowded small space and dove into the warm bread.  We ordered meatballs, cheese pizza and salads for the kids and gnocchi, lasagna, chicken parmesan and meat ravioli's for the adults.  Everything was DELICIOUS--everything.  My mother said the sauce was as good as hers--a huge statement.   My brother-in-law said the gnocchi (which came in an Alfredo cream sauce) was extraordinary.  The cheese pizza was my personal favorite.  And my father, who calls every restaurant, "marginal at best," said the meat ravioli's were fantastic...and he NEVER says that!  There was not a single scrap left and we left full and happy and needing a workout.  Thank you, Mangia Mi!  We will be back!
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,12/6/2013,291,487,5,11,8>I'm a sucker for a good veggie burger, an No No Burger makes one of the best I've ever had!  I was so glad to see some new food vendors at the Thursday Concord Farmers Market this year.  No No is a great alternative to the fried, greasy, fatty food booths nearby.  They serve up some huge veggie burgers piled high with toppings (my fave is the roasted chile with pepper jack cheese) & delicious sweet potato fries.  The price is around $10, but I would gladly pay that amount in a restaurant so no issue there.I love that they lend out beach mats so you can sit on the grass, enjoy your veggie burger, & listen to the live music.  What a great Thursday in Concord!
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2013,12/5/2013,637,423,13,15,12>Korea House, I'm sorry, but I cheated on you!  I was hungry for Korean, and ended up at Seoul Jung.  It had to be the AYCE menu!  I know your food is good, but I had to give this place a try.  We were promptly greeted, and seated.  Our server gave us water and we ordered the All You Can Eat for $20.99.  You basically get the choice of four meats from the list.  The list being:  Beef Brisket, Angus Beef, Pork Belly, BBQ Beef, BBQ spicy Pork, BBQ Chicken, Pork Rib, Marinated Sirloin, Large Intestine, Calf Intestine, Shrimp, Vegetables, Deep Fried Shrimp & Vegetables, Deep Fried Pot Stickers, BBQ Short Ribs, Pork Neck, and Beef Tongue.  We chose: ~ Beef Brisket and BBQ Beef - A good sized portion for two.  Quick to cook and delicious!  ~ BBQ Spicy Pork - GET THIS!!!  I can order this alone next time.~ BBQ Short Ribs - Get this TOO!!!  Loved it!!!~ Shrimp (sampled) - Simply cook for short time, peel, and enjoy! All of this served with two bowls of rice, soft tofu and steamed egg in a hot pot, and a pancake.  As well as the banchan of potato, rice jelly, kim chi, daikon, seaweed, fishcake (the ran out), and I think potato salad.  All of them were OK, I just wish they had more variety the way Korea House does.We received great service, and they even replaced our grill once after the first batch of cooking.  Not my All-time favorite KBBQ place, but definitely worth it!  An even better sign is when you see that all of the seats are filled.  I think I gained 5 pounds too, btw!!!!  Ugggh, I might be pregnant!!!  haha!!!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,12/4/2013,333,495,11,15,15>The deep dish pizza God has answered my prayers when The Star on Grand opened. I no longer have to settle on mediocre so called "Chicago style" deep dish made by people that have no idea how to do it right. No more driving out of the area to fulfill a deep dish quest. Had a lunch date with Hubs on a Saturday. It was dead when we walked in at noon but quickly after it got busy. We shared a large house salad ($9.) which was just mixed greens with balsamic dressing. It was fresh nothing exciting to tell. We both ordered personal deep dish pizzas since we couldn't agree. I love this option, everybody wins. I tried the Gold Coast ($9.) and Hubs tried the Telegraph ($9.) Pizza took about 20-25 mins. Mine had chicken, artichoke hearts, red peppers, green olives and feta. It was the perfect size cut into 4 slices. The ingredients went together, it was loaded with toppings and had that oh so good crust cornmeal crust that can't be duplicated. Terri Ann was our waitress. She was friendly and took great care of us. She also mentioned she is the daytime waitress and said the place gets hopping at night. I like the industrial feel of the wood and brick used and large windows. The place is spacious and open with a lot of space. Nice bar area and window seating. Menu has salads, apps, thin and deep dish pizzas and sandwiches. They also serve hard alcohol, beer and wine. For being open only their 2nd week I wouldn't have known by our experience. I can't wait to come back.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,12/3/2013,158,177,13,13,14>Once upon a time, three little piggies went to town.  Le Petit Cochon welcomed them in with warm, soft lights and a little stone pig at the foot of the door.  All three piggies ordered tarte flambée (French pizza) from the extra cheerful folks behind the counter.Maggie W. ordered the traditional Alsacienne flambée, which was topped with onions, smoked bacon, and Emmenthal cheese.Sharon Y. ordered the canard tarte flambée, a mixture of duck confit, caramelized shallots, Gruyère cheese, toasted hazelnuts & arugula.Brittany N. ordered the tarte du jour, a seasonal vegetarian tart with roasted butternut squash, shiitake mushrooms, and kale.After all photographs were taken of their pizza tarts, the piggies dove right in and tried their respective dishes.  There was much merriment and laughter among the piggies as they shared slices.  Each piggy enjoyed her pizza tart very much.  The shiitake mushrooms from the tarte du jour added an earthy texture and depth to every bite while the squash added just the right amount of sweet spiciness.  The bacon on the Alsacienne was meaty and flavorful, but the three piggies agreed that the caramelized onions could have been browned a bit more. The canard tart flambée was the most oily of the three pizza tarts, but the three piggies agreed that the rich duck confit flavor was sublime.With full tummies and leftover pizza tart to save for lunch the next day, the three little piggies left Le Petit Cochon with happy spirits.  They lived happily ever after!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,12/2/2013,327,431,7,13,10>The more I visit Layonna, the more I appreciate what this local business means to the Vegan community. Layonna Market is billed as a "health food market". I wouldn't exactly call it that since they don't really sell fruits and veggies. They're more like a Vegan butcher shop without the stench of death. While it certainly doesn't look like much from the outside or inside, (it's about the size of a bedroom) you'll find they are stocked with a whole host of items. Just be sure to check the ingredients as I'm not 100% sure if everything is completely Vegan. They have the English labels slapped on as an afterthought as most of these products are made in Taiwan or elsewhere overseas.They sell an entire line of mock meats that run the gamut from your average "chick-non", to abstract items such as "Abalone-non", along more obscure things you wouldn't dream of recreating. In fact, if you've had faux meat from any of the local Bay Area restaurants, chances are it came from Layonna as they supply many of the local restaurants.While you shouldn't be doing your regular weekly grocery shopping here, it's a great place to stock up on some accouterments to compliment your main dish of veggies. I love their drumsticks with the sugar cane "bone". Glaze 'em up 'n bake those bad boys and you have gourmet appetizers at home. Better yet, drop 'em in the deep fryer for an unhealthy, yet oh so yummy splurge. I also get their "pork chunks" that my babygirl transforms into the most amazing Adobo & Pancit you'll ever eat! Lately we've been getting their steamed buns. Throw these in a steamer basket and BOOM! you have something you can't even get at most restaurants. All at $3.49 for a pack of six. While I wish they had more flavor, they have a great texture. Nothing a little banana sauce or Sriracha can't remedy...The ladies that run the shop are all very friendly and helpful, even with limited English. The prices are pretty fair. You won't find it elsewhere for much less. They also stock a few other must-haves for all of your Asian cooking needs such as fish-less sauce, noodles, wrappers, ramen, and more such as huge bulk containers of MSG if that's your thing. Being located a few blocks from 12th street BART means I can hop off, grab a few items, then hop back on to head home where my babgygirl will create magic in the kitchen utilizing their ingredients.To see a few of the dazzling dishes my honey has made utilizing Layonna foods, check this out: yelp.com/biz/layonna-veg…
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,12/1/2013,284,258,14,16,11>Every time I write a review for a bar in Oakland, I start it with something like "This is my new favorite bar in Oakland!" ... I am like Eva Longoria trying to decide between those creepy new Lays chips-- CommonWealth is my NEW FAVORITE.First off, the ambiance is faintly reminiscent of one of those little shops in Disney's Beauty and the Beast. Rad.First bartender: adorable + Irish accent.Second bartender: adorable + made my bloody mary really strong.Their menu is amazing and extensive. You can get anything from a fish sandwich to vegan curry all for under $10. They really give you a good amount of food too.Local microbrews on tap! The bartenders know a lot about em and are friendly about helping you decide between them.They attract a good crowd here too. You know when you go to a very "new Oakland" place and you're like, "Where did all these assholes come from?" Those people aren't at CommonWealth. There is an overall lack of Lululemon-clad women, thank goodness.This place is the best of Oakland.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,11/30/2013,185,95,5,8,6>Came here for my KFC fix, Korean Fried Chicken that is.  I think it's a cool concept.  After all, who doesn't like fried chicken, especially with an Asian twist.Here is a secret that I'm going to share.  My health inspector friend once mention that she likes eating here, which means a whole lot to me since her job is solely to rate the cleanliness of all Bay Area Restaurants.Here is where it gets fun.  The chickens come with 4 different sauces, Sweet & Hot, Hot, Soy Garlic, and Honey Mustard.  You can ask them to either cook the chicken with the sauce of your choice or have it come original and dip the sauce yourself.  I think my favorite is the Soy Garlic and it's better if they cook it with the chicken.  Other than fried chicken, they also offer the usual Korean BBQ items such as the spicy pork and BBQ beef.  These dishes come with rice and cabbage.  You are also allowed a trip to the salad bar, nothing special, but at least it's some veggie to go with all the proteins.When you pay, be sure to ask for a stamp card.  Like a lot of the Boba joints, the tenth stamp will get a medium order of chicken.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,11/29/2013,36,224,1,7,4>My new yoga home! After my 6 month yoga hiatus, my wonderful husband surprised me with a membership after weeks of hinting. I'm so glad I have a daily yoga practice again. It's amazing the calm and happiness that is felt after a 90 minute practice.The studio is upstairs in Forrester's Hall above a pilates studio. It's surrounded by large windows that stream sunlight in the morning. I like that the cubbies are inside the room so you aren't worried about your stuff. Props are all provided and plentiful. There isn't a designated parking lot. Street parking is usually easy in the mornings. I haven't been for an evening class yet. I love all of the teachers and each bring their own unique talents to your practice. They are encouraging and quick to provide modifications when needed. Starting up again while being pregnant has been a challange for me. I cannot push myself as much as I used to and usually modify a few poses. Pregnancy changes your body to the point that you aren't sure whose body this is anymore. But, every teacher has been accomodating and helpful in my journey.I'm happy that yoga is back in my life and I encourage everyone to think about adding it to theirs!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,11/28/2013,182,323,7,10,11>After catching a play at The Berkeley Rep, it was still rather early on a Friday night. I popped into here with Joanna S. to grab a couple more drinks together. The bar was abuzz with customers but we managed to squeeze into a couple of seats front and center. Our DRINKS of choice? Devil to Pay cocktail (get it if you're a rum fan like me) and sangria (very fruity but packs a decent punch). We also ordered hand-cut french fries to munch on -- loved the rich and tangy blue cheese aioli sauce for dipping. SERVICE was absolutely attentive despite the large crowds. The bartenders were prompt in making our drinks, open to explaining the ingredients and taste of different cocktails/beers, and always kept our water glasses full. I recommend sitting at the long bar because it's actually quite fun to watch the bartenders make your drinks. And the feminist in me was pretty impressed by the smooth operation of the all-female bar staff. Girl power! I am also in love with the ATMOSPHERE of this venue. The lighting is dimmed for ambiance, but not too dark like in Thalassa. This is not your typical college bar filled with students and I noticed patrons here were more on the older, mature side. And you won't catch Top 40 hits here; instead sit back and enjoy some jazzy tunes. Revival also has a retro 1920s / flapper vibe...it makes me want to wear a fedora (or maybe it was because of all the bartenders' cool hats?).Alright Downtown Berkeley, you've definitely classed it up since I've moved away a couple years ago. Or maybe I haven't frequented this part of Addison St. before. Regardless, this bar/restaurant is a perfect cozy, yet classy place to visit on this side of Berkeley. I'll be coming back for you, Revival!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,11/27/2013,135,216,6,16,9>Oh Patty!! You have filled a void in my soul that has been left open since graduating from Concord High a decade ago. That void has temporarily been filled by visiting my mom at work (she's a secretary at Mt Diablo HS), and more recently by Tasty Zombie at the Concord Farmer's Market. While delicious, I could only enjoy Tasty's for lunch on Tuesdays, or dinner on Thursdays. However, last week, my brother called and told me about Patty. Patty's is open from 6 am to 5 pm most days (I think there may be a day they're closed, but I was too excited about a shop selling zombies to bother with the hours sign). Cheese and Ham & Cheese zombies are sold all day. From 6 am to sell out, there are breakfast zombies - think eggs and sausage. From 11 am to close, there are other flavors of zombies - pepperoni pizza, ones reminiscent of a "melt," etc.Because I'm old school, I ordered the plain cheese. Cost, $2.75 (prices for the fancier zombies are a little more - I don't think any of them cost more than $4). The zombie was hot and fresh, and just how I remember them. The top layer wasn't quite as crispy as they were in school, but that's not what a zombie is about. There was a nice cheese to bread ratio, and the middle was ooey, gooey. I eat around the edges first to save the middle for last. Some of the reviews say that Patty's doesn't take credit cards - they do now. $5 minimum, but that's just 2 zombies! They also have a variety of other pastries, but let's face it, zombies are the show stealers. There is a drink fridge (anyone else feel the need for a chocolate milk when they eat a zombie??) - but *hint, hint* there's also a drive-through Starbucks nearby.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,11/26/2013,216,493,14,10,11>I think our waiter gave us our cow's resume!The 3 minute speech...  It was our first time, so, he educated us on where the name Umami came from, what fresh organic ingredients they use, how many spices are mixed into their ketchup, what makes them diff from other burger joints, how to order our burgers (order it like you order your steaks - medium rare), and I think I heard him tell us what the name of our cow was... okay, maybe not, but he did give us a lot of information.  First thing you see is this contemporary mural with colors of black, red, whites of Koi fish swimming along the wall.  Very cool.  Very modern.  Very contemporary.  It really sets the tone of this place. We ended up ordering the following:! - Original burger - the twist to this burger was it had a wicked Parmesan crisp cheese with grilled shitake mushrooms and my all time favorite caramelized onions.  It was juicy beyond juicy and all the drippings on my plate showed for it!! -  Manly burger - my bro-in-law ate this one and I got a nibble of it, the bacon that they put in it tastes very familiar to me...it was very Chinesey.   I can't explain it any further if your not Chinese.! -  Truffle fries with cheese - the truffle oil really shined and you can taste the earthiness.  Hmmm... not a fan of earth flavors but if you are, then you have to eat this!! - Cheesy tatter tots - this is not on the menu and is spread by word of mouth.  There you go... you heard it, now go order it.  It's cheesey texture crunch on the outside and soft warm potatoes on the inside.  But you only get 6 jumbo pieces to eat, so, make sure you order enough for your group.! - Diet coke in the original sexy curvy bottle.  Refreshing drink to go with your burger but @ $2.50 a pop, it was not enough to get a burp outta me.With all this fattiness going through my stomach, I was expecting a big tummy ache.  But I managed to make it out without any pain for the day!  NOTES:  Parking is nuts!  Meter parking and its kinda pricy for O-town!  Good luck finding parking.  Since it's Uptown O-Town, expect to see bums of all sorts asking for donations.  The location is funky, just keep your eyes peeled for a trendy orange banner.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,11/25/2013,742,648,10,11,9>First off, how cute is Albany? Seriously Im going to start looking at properties over there. What an amazing street! Shops, restaurants, families, couples holding hands, it was so romantic. Plus there's ample street parking along Solano Ave. Could it get any more perfect? Yes it can.I was pretty much blown away by Little Star on so many levels. Service was incredibly friendly, outgoing without being over the top. Our server was able to help us with our beer selections and she knew what she was talking about. So with that being said while the beer selection is really small, it's sort of the best of the best. I ordered up a bottle of Firestone Double Jack Double IPA, smooth, smokey and rich. If its on the menu when you visit, do yourself a favor and order it. I had a heady buzz in no time flat. Onto the food.Garlic Bread - When I think of restaurant style garlic bread, I always remember a tin foil packet filled with greasy oil soaked sponges that weren't particularly good. Nothing like that here at LS. A half loaf of beautifully chewy bread served with two bowls, one with soft butter and the other with perfectly spreadable caramelized garlic cloves. I love being in charge of my own garlicky fate. Goddess Salad - Their creamy pesto dressing should be bottled and sold for me to drink, yes that good. Deep Dish Classic - Be warned, this is a cornmeal crust deep dish recipe they use. While in general Im not a fan of cornmeal crusts, I loved the LS version. The heft of the crust easily held up the layers of cheese, veggies and sausage while still remaining toothsome and well, delightful. Thin Crust Special - For me this was just alright. The toppings were great, green olives, arugula, cheese, eggs plus we added sausage. The problem for me is that the crust was overcooked and was really crunchy. It was so crunchy that when you took a bite of the outer crust it literally shattered. My dining mates didn't seem to think this was a problem as they pretty much gobbled the entire pie. So there you have it, Little Star pizza pretty much rocks. The cherry on top of this visit, having the leftover deep dish for breakfast.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,11/24/2013,216,172,7,5,5>"Have it your way" should be Barney's motto rather than Burger King's. Being able to customize your burger EXACTLY the way you want it puts Barney's at the top of the list for burger spots in Berkeley. (Also, comparing Barney's burgers to those served at a fast food joint is like comparing caviar to scrambled eggs. Not even remotely on the same level.) Not only are there 24 specialty burgers to select from, you can change anything you want on any burger! I ended up going with a Baja burger with a ground beef patty cooked medium-rare, and my friend ordered a Sunshine burger with a Gardenburger patty. They came out exactly the way we wanted and we couldn't be happier. It's definitely large enough to share with another person, especially if you're going to order a full order of fries and a shake too.As other reviewers have mentioned: yes, the bun does get soggy from the sauces if you're not a champion at food competitions and used to inhaling food in a few seconds flat. But this is a problem for burgers anywhere, not just the ones at Barney's. For a patty to not soggify (yes, that's my new word) the bun, it would have to be as dry as cardboard - a problem that's infinitely worse than a soggy bun, IMO. I, for one, am very glad that Barney's patties are all very moist and flavorful.We also ordered a full order of spicy curly fries and a Turkish coffee milkshake to share between us. For those who aren't fry-lovers (the horror!), they will be converted into one. More seriously though, the fries come in smaller portion sizes, if you just want an individual side. But every fry was as delicious as we imagined! You really can't come to Barney's without ordering a side of their fries. Their milkshakes are made with an old-fashioned shaker (which means enough for 2!), but I didn't think there was anything extraordinary about the flavor. The portion sizes at Barney's makes it a perfect date night for two burger lovers. Verdict: as Schwarzenegger says, "I'll be back!"
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,11/23/2013,188,138,7,11,8>Cecil's is hidden in plain sight. I've been living in Hayward for 15 years and never gave this place a second glance. This area is definitely sketchy so at 9pm when I found out on the interweb that it was National Cheeseburger Day and decided on trying Cecil's, I made sure I brought my big, intimidating-looking boyfriend. Despite its appearance and somewhat shady location, this place pumps out some delicious burgers. My quarter-pound burger was nicely assembled (I hate it when places hastily and sloppily throw your food together) and the patty was nice and juicy. I got mine with grilled mushrooms which was a great addition. Boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed his half-pound double cheeseburger with bacon. The french fries were thin, crispy, and reminded me of McDonald's fries, which was freakin delightful since I begrudgingly gave up McD's glorious fries after seeing those crazy experiments where they don't rot when left in a jar for like 5 years. Same delicious, all-American, full-fat flavor, but hopefully a bit easier on your digestive system than McDonalds' golden chemical sticks.Give Cecil's a try when you're craving a good burger and polite, prompt service. If you get there come nightfall, don't forget your bodyguard and/or pepper spray. Just in case.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2013,11/22/2013,186,96,4,7,6>Wait, this place is so good. So good that I actually went twice in one day. TWICE.I haven't been to Joshu-Ya's in about 3 years, so this was my first time coming here since it turned into a brasserie. I remember it being more focused on sushi and sashimi the last time we went. I came for a work lunch meeting and it was so delicious. I ordered the Spicy Crunch roll and the Spider roll. Both were reaaaallly good - the Spicy Roll was very interesting. I usually don't like cream cheese in my rolls, but they put the perfect amount so that it wasn't overwhelming. Super unique flavors and I really enjoyed it. The Spider roll was pretty standard, but I liked it as well.Later during the day, my boyfriend received some awesome news and we decided to celebrate it with a nice dinner. We originally wanted to go to Kirala,but when we got there, there was a 45 minute wait. No thanks. Called Joshu-Ya's and the wait was only 10 minutes! I felt pretty ashamed going there after only about 6-7 hours, but whatevs. No regrets because the meal was awesome.Our server, Yuri, told us the specials for the day and we decided to trust her recommendations. We went with the white tuna nigiri, yazu (?) nigiri, Black Mussels con Chorizo, and a Joshu-Ya roll.The Yazu was pretty good, but the white tuna was DELICIOUS. Soooo buttery and soft, and you can definitely tell that it was a quality cut. My boyfriend and I were absolutely amazed. The black mussels dish was really splendid - the sauce was hearty and the garlic bread was peeerfect. The Joshu-Ya roll was also really tasty, especially if you love unagi.Our server was really great and friendly. She checked on us several times during the meal and made sure we had everything we needed. The food was decently priced - our dinner was about $40, which is much less than I've spent at other Japanese restaurants. Highly, highly recommend Joshu-Ya's, and I'll definitely be frequenting this place a lot more now.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2013,11/21/2013,156,139,2,7,6>Heeeeelllllllllooooooo new favorite bar.Easy Lounge is great  for a few hours of drunken conversations with a friend and even a bite to eat. Don't be afraid... find the door and walk through the looking glass.If we lived down the block, we would be here everyday. My girlfriend and I have a favorite bartender here, unfortunately I can't recall her name at the moment but she'll be the one creating eight different cocktails at once while dancing behind the bar. When we first arrived she asked what we wanted to drink and my girlfriend said something with tequila... sour and tart... and within minutes a sour blueberry/pomegranate cocktail in a tulip glass was produced. It's a frequently reordered drink from the mrs.I no longer even look at the menu, I trust in our bartenders and I all I request is something with Gin or Bourbon with rocks and sour. FYI: That gets me in trouble in other places because when I recently visited Chicago.. that line at the bartender got me this response: " So.. you want a bourbon sour?" .. which was fine but not a cocktail from Easy Lounge. :)Make sure to stop by Easy Lounge!
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,11/20/2013,216,408,4,8,6>$1 tacos, hell yes. I'm so excited about this taqueria that I went to on "Taco Thursday" with my co-worker who told me all about Rancho Grande.We ordered three small taco plate with comes with 3 mini-steak tacos for $3! You can't go wrong with that. The tacos were piled high with meat, salsa, and cilantro and were simple and enjoyable beyond measure.Add on an horchata!Their line went fast, the menu is HUGE, and the tables were not full for it being such a popular place.It is located in a San Ramon strip mall.The burritos look amazing and I can't wait to come back again and get my money's worth.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,11/19/2013,188,238,7,11,8>For my elusive 100th review (Yelp 100 Challenge), I pick the equally elusive Wally's Cafe! I've been itching to try Wally's Cafe for the longest time but never had the chance to...until now!First, Wally's Cafe is incredibly cheap.Second, Wally's Cafe is incredibly delicious. Third, Wally's Cafe is incredibly challenging to find.Fourth, Wally's Cafe is cash only! (I couldn't think of a clever way to sneak "incredibly" in there.)Don't worry, the food and price make up for the confusing location. And who wouldn't want to wander up and down the streets of San Pablo Ave, anyway?To prevent you from getting lost and baffled, you can enter Wally's through the gate that is right next to the Bank Club Cafe. Literally, it is to the right of the bar (I don't know why this bar is called a cafe...). Or try option 2: enter through the Bank Club Cafe and head straight back to Wally's.Once you step into Wally's, it's like an old diner. The decor is simple and minimal but who cares because the food is ridiculously tasty. I came with my friend during lunch and we ordered the Chicken Pomegranate Plate with a side order of falafels (3 pieces). Right after being seated, we were served two steaming bowls of lentil soup. It was amazing and FREE! It had a good amount of lentils and it was bursting with cumin flavor. What an excellent start to a meal! The portions at Wally's are ginormous so you are receiving your money's worth. My friend and I shared the Chicken Pomegranate Plate and we were stuffed. We were both starving too. The plate comes with pieces of tangy and tender chicken over rice and a side of salad. The zesty chicken went well with the rice. The salad was fresh and also nicely seasoned. We were so full with our chicken plate that we couldn't eat the falafels. However, being the dedicated Yelper that I am, I performed some stomach clearing exercises (not really) and managed to eat one falafel. Best decision of my life! It was crunchy and not too dry. It comes with an addicting tahini sauce. Our whole meal cost only $19! That's $10 a person (excluding tips). What a steal! Plus, the quality and quantity of food are top-notch.Best of all, Wally's Cafe offers free baklava at the end of your meal! WOOHOO! It was one of the best baklavas I've had. Flaky and densely packed with sweet buttery goodness (and I don't even like butter), it was a perfect way to end our lunch. Free goodies before AND after your meal? I'll definitely return to Wally's!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,11/18/2013,63,343,2,9,9>I love Ramen. My fiance and I were looking for a place to eat lunch in the Chinatown area, when we stumbled upon Sobo Ramen. My fiance is a vegetarian so it's difficult for us to find a ramen place that satisfies my carnivore nature and his herbivore nature (his broth has to be vegetarian based!). Thankfully, when we walked into the restaurant and asked if they had a vegetarian broth, we were told that they had miso broth and even vegan noodles! I ordered the Chicken Shio Ramen and he ordered the Vegan Soy Coconut Ramen. We were both pretty happy with our food - the ramen was well made and quite tasty. Will definitely be returning again for more ramen!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,11/17/2013,331,587,6,7,9>I've been feeling like Captain Ahab from Moby Dick with Stag's. It assumed white whale status when I realized that I was never in this area during their business hours. I never wanted to be a maniacal and tyrannical sea captain, nor did I want to kill Stag's-I just wanted to eat it!Last Saturday my boyfriend and I were strolling down the street and I saw the door to Stag's wide open and a few happy faces inside. He's had the same monomaniacal desire to eat there as well, probably even more so, because it's in his neighborhood. We were told that they just recently opened on Saturdays but were worried about the light foot traffic. Go there! Keep it open! For Moby's sake (and ours).We weren't very hungry, but felt that we must seize this providential encounter. The reuben-get it! Eat it! I'm not good at describing meat, but it's peppery, salted just so, and delicious. The bread was divine-seemed atypical for a reuben but I'm no reuben expert. Just get it, or something else and tell me what it is and why I should skip the reuben next time.Very cool hunting lodge interior, way better food than you normally get in a lodge, and now open for people who don't work in the area. Harpoon me happy.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,11/16/2013,168,242,12,11,10>Occasionally, I have a day when I decide that I'm going to have a lunch of mass destruction. By this, I of course mean that I go out with the intention of eating a type of cuisine or quantity of food that will render me helpless against my biologically mandated siesta when I return to work. Yesterday was such a day.Down on the inexplicable part of Telegraph between Dwight and Ashby, you'll find Pasta Bene. You'll treat it like any other place in that stretch, not knowing whether you're about to walk into Kiraku or a Joshu-Ya (Kiraku being good and Joshu-Ya being a confusing embarrassment). It's somewhere between the two, but still pretty good!Dollars to donuts that the two older people there are married and own the place. Don't be afraid though, they're the friendly kind of probably married people. They will offer you a selection not unlike Gypsy's, though Pasta Bene is a fair bit better in quality and ambiance. I had the gnocchi with sausage and peas in a tomato cream sauce, and I would definitely repeat offend for $10. This dish, I believe, was also directly responsible for my heavy eyelids an hour later. Consider yourself warned.They also do lunch specials for $6, which seems awesome, but I really wanted to try the gnocchi. Furthermore, there is signage for a 3-6 P HH featuring $3.50 pints of draughts (Sierra Nevada, Boont Amber, Black Diamond) and bottles, which appeals to the latent alcoholic inside of me, and perhaps you.I'll be back, but not today; too much work to get done.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,11/15/2013,193,290,13,12,13>On a street with a nail salon every block, Grand Nails is THE nail salon of Grand Avenue. They are fully deserving of their territory-claiming name.I have been here twice for pedicures. The foot baths are warm, the massage is good, and the scrubbing is transformative. The main advantage that this salon has over every other is the hand held callous chainsaw. This whirring disk will blast away your dead skin and smooth out all the edges in a matter of seconds. I also enjoy the raunchy conversations I've overheard among the clientele that comes here, but I can't divulge any details: beauty code states that what is said in nail salons stays secret. Still, good to know that the ladies are having fun and keepin' it classy with those pretty nails.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,11/14/2013,382,382,8,9,9>Welcome to the neighborhood Fieldhouse Sports Grill & Tavern.  This is just what Blackhawk Plaza needed: a casual sports bar with easy non-pretentious food, a great wine/beer list and a decent happy hour.Kristie Y. and I checked out Fieldhouse the other night.  We sat in the bar at a low four top and had a pretty lovely dinner.  We shared the knockout nachos that had a white cheese sauce (so good), braised chicken (deliciously seasoned), and other accoutrements to even include guacamole (side note: we were kind of impressed that the guac wasn't extra).  They were so good that when our server tried to take the plate away, I just had to stop him because I didn't know if maybe I would go back in...and I did!  We also each had a glass of SB on tap, which I "heart" because it makes me feel like I'm being more green (less waste from the bottles/corks) and since we had to balance out the nachos with some greens, we ordered a Sunburst salad.  The Sunburst Salad is a spinach salad with strawberries, mango, blueberries and avocado.  When it came out it was sans avocado, however when we mentioned that to the server he quickly brought us out some (although it was 5 tiny slices, which is funny to me if that's what you get for a $10 salad: see pic).This place does have some kinks to work out (we sat at the table not sure if we were supposed to go up to the bar to order for about 15 minutes), and the pricing is kind of high for what you get (I suppose $11 nachos are ok b/c they are special, but a dinky spinach salad with a tiny bit of avocado/fruit seems excessive)....however I'm glad to have another option when I'm dining at Blackhawk Plaza.  While I won't likely be there 1-2 times a week like I was at Laurus (remember that amazing restaurant before this was Roti8, before this was Fieldhouse?), I'll be back for happy hour and since this place is so new, I'm rounding up a slightly better than A-OK experience to Yay! I'm a Fan!Yelp 100 Challenge: 68/100, pictures #68-71/100
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,11/13/2013,3617,1853,12,16,17>This place has been open about a year and it is the Spark After Dark, the Late Night Place to Be, for sleepy Alameda! Their Happy Hours are all Hours the place is open, which means 5pm till 2am. And for Happy Hour you can get $4 appetizers, like the fried Tofu cubes which was HUGE, and $6 drinks, like Coconut Mojitos, and more! There are 4 large flatscreens on the left wall, the bar is halfway down on the left. There are stool tables up front by the window, tables for 4 on the left side, and larger tables for 6 - 8 or more on the right side. There are funky beats piping in, and if you want to fantasize a semi-club feel, you can get bottle service. And no, sailor, that doesn't mean beer in a bottle! There is a huge mural on the right wall, featuring our Monkey King!There were about 40 people in here, a diverse crowd of mostly 30 somethings, in here at 11pm on a Wed night ! Couples, groups, buddies...blacks, asians, whites, the whole spectrum. My buddy and I had a Ginger Mojito ($8, not on HH menu) and a Coconut Mojito ($6 on the HH menu) and two appetizers, the aforementioned Tofu cubes deep fried, served with an abundance of shrimp chips, and touched up with minced garlic, green onions, salt, and sliced peppers; and the Pork Potstickers, which were 4 oversized plump puppies. Both dishes were on the HH menu, for only $4 each! Are you kidding me? $8 for the two? So wether you are a retired Squid or a struggling COA student, this place can get you over in style, but with a tab that won't drain your already thin wallet.Only issue was, that night service was slow for the food out of the kitchen. But the prices and mojitos made up for it.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2013,11/12/2013,100,383,2,6,4>BUSY on a Sunday! Why wouldn't it be? This place is delicious! Get the oxtail, it's slow cooked and comes with 3 sides + cornbread. SLORP!I love the collard greens, yams, and macaroni. The oxtail was definitely my favorite and tasted much better the second time we went. The sweet potato fries are crispy and yummalicious. There's ketchup and hot sauce on the table.I like that the plates are hodge-podgey -- you never know what plate your food is going to be served on. Service was great, I came with the fam bam twice and service was pretty consistent.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,11/11/2013,127,236,5,7,6>5 stars! yes, you read it right, FIVE STARS!I know Bear's Ramen House is not a 5-star place overall, but it wins my heart with one of the best KIMCHI FRIED RICE!!!!!If you went to cal, I assumed everyone knew this place. I still remembered how I always went there for kimchi fried rice when I was in cal. I'm not a big fan of kimchi, but this is the place that got me into kimchi fried rice. After graduating for X years, I finally got to go back for some good kimchi fried rice today, and it is still great! Beautiful fried egg on top of a pretty huge portion of kimchi fried rice, not too spicy, but flavorful with spam = heaven~I would not recommend the ramen. It was relatively plain and bland. Basically this place is only good for kimchi fried rice. So if you are a big fan of kimchi fried rice, go bear's!
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,11/10/2013,202,466,1,4,8>I can appreciate architecture and buildings, but I'm not usually wowed by them.Grand Lake Theatre wowed me. I've been to historical theaters before, but Grand Lake Theatre really is grand. Literally, I stepped inside and my brain exploded. Not what I expected at all. Just gorgeous.All that old school glamour, that unique theater-going experience, and it's CHEAPER than AMC and Regal? Sweet!
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,11/9/2013,53,142,7,7,5>Not sure how I've gone this long without reviewing Encuentro. This spot has become my favorite place to treat myself whenever warranted (or simply desired). It's small, they don't take reservations for small parties, and the staff are some of the best I've encountered.With incredible & creative vegan/gluten-free/raw offerings, Encuentro serves up flavors I've never tasted in my time as a vegan, and it's been a few years now! I cannot recommend this place enough. Great for a date or a party - their community table seats 8 or so - just fantastic all around.Look up your directions on Mapquest, print that sh*t out, and drive over there! When you get lost, because you used Mapquest, just ask one of the friendly Oaklandians where that delicious, meat-free smell is coming from. You'll get there.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,11/8/2013,334,415,7,11,10>Coming from NYC, I'm pretty much conditioned to skepticism toward any establishment that self-proclaims "best of" anything. Along comes Sunrise, easy to miss when ducking through the Bancroft traffic undergrads and unsavory types. It's nondescript except for the signs that proclaim "Best Falafel in Town". Can you handle the truth?It is the best falafel in many towns! The crispy pillows of goodness, fresh out of the fryer with just the right hint of spice, cannot be beat. I could see how these might get greasy if eaten cold or stale, but fortunately in my charmed life, I've only had these fresh and hot. But perfectly hot, never too hot so it burns my tongue. They seem to fry one batch at a time, so there's always a fresh turnover of falafel. The drawback of course is that you may have to wait several minutes for your food to be ready, since everything is made to order. The eat-in space is pretty cramped and the opposite of "best in town", but serves its purpose for a loner "eating on the go", or a space for a holding pattern waiting for pickup order. As with any house made hummus, it is highly subject to personal taste. The hummus here tends to be thinner and citrusy. Chicken and lamb shawarma are averagely good.But the falafel! Destination worthy. Simply delicious, crispy pillows of goodness.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,11/7/2013,370,470,4,4,4>Did you say Chicarron (pork rinds) in my tacos? YES PLEASE!Another hidden taco truck gem of the East Bay! My bro in law asked if I've ever tasted a chicarron taco. I replied, no but I'm interested in trying it. We came here on a Saturday afternoon, no lines what so ever. The menu had reasonable pricing and a wide variety of food choices. I got all giddy and wanted to order everything off the menu, but I know that my stomach wouldn't be able to handle it. So, I order some for now and some for later. I got the following:- 2 Chicarron tacos- 1 Al pastor taco- 1 Carne asada taco- 1 Carne asada quesadilla- 1 Chicarron super burritoThe chicarron in the tacos and burrito were crunchy and freshly cooked. The carne asada and al pastor meats were tender and full of flavor! All the meats were very tasty. The tacos, quesadilla, and burrito could have been devoured without the meats in them as well. The meats just complimented these dishes to a whole other level.I guess this place is no "Secret" anymore. Oh yeah, ***CASH ONLY***
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,11/6/2013,272,451,7,15,10>Is it strange to call ones visit to a restaurant life changing? Cause my life has been made forever better now that I know Sue's Kitchen is less than a 5 minute drive away from my house. This restaurant has a perfect score here on Yelp, and for damn good reason.I took the recommendation of my fellow yelpers and ordered the Nam Kao. Now with this dish, they fry their rice to the point where it becomes slightly crunchy. It's the best thing ever. No seriously, it is. The rice mixed with the sweet pork mixed with all the herbs and spices all wrapped up in lettuce leaf and oh gosh I can't even finish this my mouth is drooling too much. And you know what, the Nam Kao wasn't even my favorite part of the meal.That title belongs to the FBI. Fried banana ice cream what up!!! They offer the option of halo-halo flavored ice cream, and that's the only way to go. If you've never had halo-halo before, then imagine a cup filled with every single kind of delicious Filipino fruit (jackfruit, coconut, sugar palm, etc...) and evaporated milk, and then putting that mix of flavors in ice cream form. That combined with the actual fried banana had me and my friends fighting over each and every bite. I nearly licked the bowl clean. UghhLocation wise it's in a pretty secluded spot. It's the definition of a hole in the wall place. Far corner of some random uphill plaza, in El Sobrante of all cities. Like seriously, good eats here? Really? Yeah. Service is super super nice and friendly, and the price is just right. There was 3 of us there and we all got dinner plates, I got myself a Thai Tea, and we also ordered a dessert, and the bill still came out below 30 dollars. Is that budget friendly or what?I'll definitely be back here. You can guarantee that. And I'm ordering my own FBI next time, thank you.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,11/5/2013,483,154,2,8,3>Bladium is a hidden community of real work out fanatics! Old and young!I get so inspired coming here, from the soccer moms playing the soccer, the old women doing handstand pushups, the boxer guys that go hard in the ring, the little kids being active, and the moms doing the intense body zone workouts! Everywhere you look, you see SERIOUS exercising, unlike popular gyms like 24Hr Fitness. No one that 'hits' on you, no one that just lounges around the gym hogging up equipment. Not only is there an incredible 180 view of a giant ship docked with the backdrop of the hazy bay area peninsula, but there are TONS to do here:- At least 3 indoor soccer fields- Boxing ring- Rock climbing- Separate sauna and steam room (yay for naked!)- Basketball court (although the flooring is bad)- A full gym upstairs- Fitness/dance type classes- Quiet areas and corners for personal working out- Volleyball court- A sports bar upstairs- Kids daycare- Active programs for children- Lounges with TV's in the locker rooms- Gym-wide wifiI haven't had the chance to explore the areas outside, but it seems like more soccer fields and maybe one more gym area.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,11/4/2013,128,357,2,7,3>Interesting seafood restaurant featuring mostly New Orleans-style cuisine, with the exception of their lobster roll.  The restaurant opened a few days ago so we decided to give it a shot - I actually saw their ad in a local newspaper and saw the words "seafood boil" and "lobster roll."We started out with their gumbo, which arrived in a large bowl with saltine crackers on the side.  It was a reddish, tomato-based gumbo, but still had that strong kick with Andouille sausage, chicken, and okra.  Would have gave this five stars if they just added some rice like so many other places - still very tasty soup.I ordered their full lobster roll, which came in two pieces of gigantic toasted and buttered French bread, a side of slaw, and yes French Fries! (The menu said Lay's potato chips so they must be reading Yelp for feedback).  Lobster portions were generous - two full claws and the bread was amazing - freshly baked, chewy insides, toasty outside. Wife ordered 1-lb crawfish and 1-lb shrimp boils, using original Cajun seasoning and medium spice level.  Flavors were there, although we should have ordered high spice level since that's how New Orleans seafood should be enjoyed I think.  They provide you with bibs, plastic gloves, paper tablecloths, and wet towlettes so don't worry about the mess!We ended dessert with their bread pudding, which was generous enough for two - it had a semi-firm texture almost like a sponge with raisins, a nice sweet sauce at the bottom, and a dollop of whipped cream.  It was surprisingly balanced and not overly sweet.Overall, we liked this place quite a bit - there seems to be something on the menu for everyone. They are offering a limited-time discount of 15% off the bill for dinner if you eat-in.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,11/3/2013,206,658,2,5,4>Anyone who wants to explore their inner creative side needs to get over to Canvas & Cabernet ASAP.  The owner and her husband take such pride in the business and it clearly shows in all the detail they put in to the registration for classes, check in process and organization of the event. Everyone in their group is arranged to sit near each other,  and canvases, paint, paint brushes and apron are all provided to you upon sign in. It was great to hear the story of how they came up with the idea for this business and how their goal is to help people not only learn some basic painting skills but to reawaken any long forgotten creativity.My friends and I had a blast painting Starry Paris and the instruction as spot on with some great music played in the background. Everything was well put together, tons of fun and for $45 you walk away with not only the experience but a fun painting to boot. If you get a chance, stop in to see some of their canvas art displayed (each class seems to feature a different piece and you can scope it online in advance to see what's coming up). Canvas and Cabernet also features gorgeous handmade gift items, such as lotions, soaps, jewelry and hair accessories. Keep this in mind for special "girlie" gifts.It's obvious the pride and love that went in to this business and everyone in our Friday evening class had an obviously wonderful time. Come support this amazing local business, discover skills you never knew you had and spend some quality time with friends! Can't wait to come back again and I've recommended to my coworkers we schedule some time here for an office "bonding" event.5++ Stars all the way. Thank you! I feel inspired to get back to some of the things I used to love doing creatively but have forgotten to make time for :)
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,11/2/2013,457,309,,7,3>I've only been here a couple times, but everything I've had has been wonderful.The first time I got the graham cracker crusted French toast.  I love the idea of using graham cracker in French toast and although I'm not usually a French toast girl, this was pretty good.  I also got the Oaxacan slow-roasted pork.  Slow-roasted is one of those buzz words for me and this dish did not disappoint!  I also got a hazelnut hot chocolate.  For the hazelnut, they use one of those Torani syrups which I'm not a fan of, so I would skip this.The second time around I tried the lemon ricotta pancakes -- light, sweet, and delicious, and the Latin breakfast -- a nice little set of breakfast tacos.  Again, I liked it, and this time we sat in the back patio area.  It was sunny and relaxing and lovely.Solid brunch place.  Will return :)
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,11/1/2013,1027,1954,3,11,11>If you're familiar with Burmese food in the Bay Area, Kyain Kyain is not like Burma Superstar.  It's not trendy and there are no entrees where you can share family style. This is a casual, lunch style restaurant with mostly dry and soup noodle bowls.  It's somewhat closer in resemblance to Yamo in SF.I ate here two days in a row and the reason being that all the food tastes like it's made by your Burmese mama.  It really took me back.Mo hinh ga (catfish soup) is available only on the weekends (Fri-Sun) but I HIGHLY recommend that you get it.  It's listed under Appetizers for $6 but it is actually a normal person's meal size.  I used to watch my mom spend hours preparing this dish so to have it for $6 is a freaking steal.  They do not have as many condiments as I've seen it served with but it's enough.  They even have the fried bean (beh jo... I don't know what it is in english) that I think they make there because they also sell it in bags.I also tried M4, the dry pork noodle soup with thin noodles.  Most of the dishes come in either the thin or wide flat noodle.  The pork meatballs (more like meat chunks of random shapes) are so delicious.  I taste a little MSG but there's nothing wrong with that.  Everything tasted really fresh, even the two table side garlic condiments.Another must get is the Samosa Thote (salad).  They basically cut up samosas and mix it with cucumbers, onions, and a sweet and spicy chili sauce.  It's a different way to eat samosas but I like how multi-dimensionl the flavors are: you get the savoriness of the potatoes, the spicy from the sauce, and the acidity from the pickled vegetables.  That's really what Burmese food is about... tingling all parts of your palette.All the workers there are terrific.  Both times I went, they gave complimentary Capri Suns to all the kids that were with us.  They even gave our group an extra bowl of the Mo hinh ga (just the soup) because that's typically what you do at home.  Drink a fresh bowl of the soup after your meal.  Cash only but the prices are cheap.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,10/31/2013,297,409,8,12,12>I never know the proper etiquette for eating a samosa. Do you just go in for the grab and hoist it to your mouth like an oversized hors d'ouvere, or do you cut it with a fork and knife? Since the restaurant was pretty popular today, I decided to (try to) be dainty and go for the silverware routine. The samosas are HEAVENLY. I am no expert, but these were without a doubt the greatest I've had thus far. The tamarind sauce was a perfect accompaniment. I ordered the Himalayan Yogi Tarkari. On the menu, it's described as being "assorted mixed vegetables cooked in onion and tomato based Himalayan Flavors sauce". I ordered mine medium. I'm half Korean, so I can take some serious heat. The sauce was perfectly spiced, with a great mix of veggies that were still a bit crisp (which I love): bell peppers, cauliflower, potato, green beans, peas, carrots. It was perfect with the Basmati rice and the roti that I ordered. I thought the lentil soup was perfect. Mild, sure... but isn't that the point of a starter? You don't want your taste buds overpowered right from the beginning. Consider this soup the foreplay before a delicious meal.The service was very kind. Both waitresses seemed very earnest and sincere. I can tell that all of the food is made and served with a lot of love. I am also completely enamored with the fact that they clearly mark which veggie items are also vegan (just look for the little green leaf).I would go back just for the samosas, as those were the best part of the meal. Shout-out to Foursquare user Eugene. He saw me checked in and said hello. :)
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,10/30/2013,342,502,8,12,12>I came here on a whim with my friends and it's one of the strangest yet most fun activities I've gotten myself into awhile. I'm not what you'd call an athlete, as the only exercise I really do is running (low maintenance and gives you a good high). For some reason, I thought fencing may be an interesting way to cross-train...except that it'll leave your body very asymmetrical. My right quad, left calf, left hip flexor, and right bicep are currently all super sore right now after last night's lesson. So far, I've received instruction primarily from Marty and she's really, really great. I adore her. When you see her demonstrate some moves, she has such amazing grace and control, I can only imagine that in a real-time fencing situation, she'd kick so much butt! Elana is the other instructor (I'm not sure if there are more?) and I believe she teaches beginners and kids. They're both really funny/sarcastic, very clear in their explanations, very patient, and fantastic at teaching. The staff in general here is also really cool and the regulars are all nice and don't judge you (and by the general you, I mean me) for sucking. Everyone is realllllly nice and that inviting atmosphere makes a huge difference. There's also usually free food (pizza, beer, Marty's guacamole, etc) at the end of class too.I seriously can't recommend West Berkeley Fencing Club enough, especially for locals with kids who want to get them to do something fun and different. Or college students (you get a kickass discount if you have valid college ID)! Just...be sure to practice the exercises on your non-dominant side too :)
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,10/29/2013,129,164,4,7,6>Be adventurous and try some unique flavors of organic ice cream and sorbet! Herb flavored, tea or spice flavored, or vegetable flavored, you have to try everything once. The upbeat staff will give you samples of as many flavors as you choose (and offered with a tiny ecofriendly metal spoon)! A baby cup of 1-2 (petite!) scoops of ice cream will be $2. This price runs high for me, but let's look at the positives: no stabilizers/ emulsifiers/ big words I can't pronounce, lower sugar content and fat, all natural ingredients, and no over-eating! The flavors change often and some on a seasonal basis, which keeps me coming back to try them all. Check out their current shop flavors on their website and remember to keep an open mind. If you're looking for the boring flavors of plain vanilla, chocolate, or strawberry, this is not the place for you.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,10/28/2013,587,317,9,9,8>WOW~!  Homestead is the truth~Just had dinner there with my wife and had a great first experience.  Really nice location in Piedmont - across from Piedmont Grocery.  It's got a clean, farmhouse like decor and a low counter so everyone can see into the open kitchen and the wood fire pit.  And a nice private room for 8-10 in the back.Had an 8:15 and got there and we were immediately seated.  (I love it when restaurants are on point with the rezzie)  Sat in the middle with a great view of the action.  (Ie: the chefs and the fire pit)Nice beer and wine selection.  Bread was good....as bread goes, with a nice soft butter with some salt on it.  (Nice touch)  We started with the Manilla clams which we split.  A nice delicate broth, delicious bits of sausage, and a nice acidic bite with meyer lemon.Wifey had the rib eye and a side of potatoes.  Also came with some charred greens (via fire pit) which were fantastic.  Meat cooked perfectly, and a reasonable portion without being steakhouse heavy.I had the slow cooked pork.  This was a thing of beauty...  (I have to drift off to think about it for a sec)  It was basically pork loin + pork shoulder? or belly? - I dunno... a fatty piece.  The fattier piece was super savory and awesome.  Then I had the pork loin which had a totally different flavor profile.  It was savory, but with an acidic kick to it - which felt totally new to me...and I LOVED it.  It also came with some delicious tomatoes, and this creamy sweet corn that played off the acidic flavor beautifully.  This pork dish is straight RIDONKULOUS.  (Don't f*ck around...someone in your group has to get it so you can at least try it.)Dessert was a concord grape pie with a peanut butter swirl ice cream - off the hook.Service was super attentive and friendly, food was excellent, environment was nice.  (Save for an annoying ass couple being stupid next to us.)Great experience here.  The only question we had was whether we were going to make a follow up reservation for Friday night or Sat night next week.  =P
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,10/27/2013,628,530,8,9,11>What the frazzle is a Lungomare?  Some internal organ I missed when taking physiology?  A really lazy female horse?  The newest fitness trend?  A viral YouTube video?  Google informs me that it is "a leisurely walk in a public place.  Or the waterfront of a seaside town."  Ok, sure, why not?Potential Potential Potential!  No longer a restaurant with weird Nick-Knacks embedded in the bar, sub-par food, and questionable service--Lungomare reinvents this great space with a modern vibe.Saturday afternoon boasted a happy hour that kicked butt.  Cocktails and wines ranging from $5-8.  I had the sangria which was was smooth and rich.  It almost tasted like there was a creamy/vanilla note to it.  Very good.  My man couldn't get his typical vodka cran because they had to make their own cranberry using puree.  No Ocean Spray here.  Our GIANT bowl of house marinated olives was only $5 and contained an exiting range of olives spruced up by orange zest, spices, and high quality olive oil.  How many times have I paid $5 for olives in a soy sauce dish?  Too many.  I aaaaalmost couldn't even finish the bowl.  If the olives and cocktails were any indication, the food is probably worth a try.Our bartender--Gwyn..Gwen...anyway, awesome lady,  was really great and on top of not only the bar, but lounging guests as well.  She was also really knowledgeable about the house made mixers and wide selection of artisan alcoholic offerings.  She was really nice, ensuring that my man liked his drink and offered to make another if it wasn't to his liking.  Very sweet.The whole joint is set up for outdoor lounging by the fire pit with outdoor bar seating as well.  The inside also has a lounge area with tons of TV's comfy seating, and ample bar space.  The lounge is well separated from the restaurant area (which has the best view).  The decor is full of warm woods, black metal accents, and autumn toned textiles.  It is a space that is full of potential for the bar lovers of Oakland to make it the new hot spot.  Give me some live music or a DJ and I'd be sold.However, I can't give Lungomare full stars because, to be honest...it was pretty dead.  Not many people here, and the patrons who were there were mainly from the adjacent hotel.  I'd really love to see this place come to life.  Heck, I'd love to see all of Jack London Square become more trendy again.  The Grand Lake area is hoppin', Old Oakland is jammin', Uptown is buzzin',  but Jack London....er...needs some help.  I'm hoping that Lungomare can get some crowd drawing events going, do some better promoting, and bring the waterfront alive again.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,10/26/2013,1948,4780,11,13,14>We have a Birthday Club at Work and the person of honour gets their choice of dessert for the celebration. After marking my recent Birthday with Black Forest Cake (yes cherries and chocolate are a killer combination), it was my turn to provide the sweets for the next person mourning the passing of his youth. Paul's choice was pie and something tart in the form of Lemon or Key Lime. I was initially at a loss of where to go for a good pie. Marie Callenders is long gone and after the fact it didn't occur to me that Nation's, Mimi's, or even Whole Foods offered such pies or tarts. Lois the Pie Queen and even Fat Apples were just too far, and Alpine or Sweet Affair didn't seem to offer this option. By luck of an Internet search, I ended up calling Emil Villas Hickory Pit to pre-order a couple Lemon Meringue pies. I'm not sure why I haven't previously set foot in this place. This Original Hickory Pit has been around for a long time and it has that casual and friendly Midwest feel that I love. Note to Gayle - We will be having breakfast, lunch, or dinner here in the near future. The pies were delicious and easily passed muster among a few co-workers who claim to be picky dessert mavens. The Lemon Meringue got high marks for flavor, good body, and a great crust. It also didn't hurt that ice cream and whipped cream were also provided for this Birthday Extravaganza. The even better news is that there are left overs in the fridge for tomorrow!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,10/25/2013,287,1009,2,5,4>The fact that a Top Chef alumna has decided to cross the bay and open up shop in Oakland is reason enough to check out Juhu Beach Club. The hot pink walls give the space a lively, welcoming feel. The theme of the meal was: spicy! I love and have a high tolerance for spice and this meal left me clamoring for water. Our table ordered a bunch of dishes, so we had a sampling of quite a few dishes. The samosas came to the table piping hot and full of flavor. The Desi Jacks snack was a nice combo of sweet, salty and spicy popcorn along with peanuts and pistachios. It proved to be a great way to whet the appetite. Mistry's Pavs slider size sandwiches served on Starter Bakery buns were tasty. Hints of chile chutney, turmeric upped the spice factor. The holy cow with cardamom braised short rib was a standout. The vada pav featured a potato fritter, topped with pickled onions and chile chutney.Who knew a salad could be spicy? I have now experienced the spiciest salad of my life. The Navi Mumbai Chicken Salad features ingredients that you wouldn't expect to pack a punch; seasonal greens, roasted root vegetables, samosa strips and grilled chicken. Everything we tried was packed full of flavor and spice. It's a nice departure from the typical Indian food that permeates the Bay Area.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,10/24/2013,187,234,2,10,4>TIP #1: Sit inside--at the bar, at tables, or upstairs--or outside when the weather's nice. TIP #2: They have an interesting cocktail menu and a diverse, local beer and wine menu. Good variety of options for everyone!East Bay Spice Co. gets a precise 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up to 4. I do not recommend coming here if you are craving Indian food--there are so many better options nearby that will satisfy your curry-tooth. But do come here if you are looking for a laid-back place to imbibe, and eat some Indian food on the side. I was mistaken in thinking that they were an Indian restaurant: they are, first and foremost, a cocktail bar. Which isn't a bad thing. I'm glad to say that their kitchen does an excellent job cooking up Indian food. Their chicken tikka masala--the dish by which I judge most Indian restaurants--was well-spiced and the chicken was very, very tender. It comes in a cup on a plate with two small pieces of naan and a scoop of rice. The tandoori mint chicken was, likewise, extremely tender, with a hint of mint that wasn't overpowering. The naan--not the fluffiest naan I've ever had--came with a refreshing yogurt sauce. I finally realized the emphasis on drinks (though I should have known when the first thing the waitress pointed out was the list of cocktails, prominently on the first page of the menu) when I saw the portion size of each dish. These are meant to be bar bites. Despite the small size of the meal, I left satisfied. Perhaps this is a comment on the supersize portions of other Indian restaurants... perhaps I will go back for a drink sometime soon, but the food is worth going back for--even if only for a snack.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,10/22/2013,370,289,7,14,8>Taco tuesday is great, but TIKI TUESDAY is EVEN BETTER!After grabbing some tacos with friends to kick off our tuesday evening we kept the night going by starting something new, TIKI TUESDAY! This place offers a wonderful variety of drinks to hold or to share in giant bowls and very long straws.Its a quiet place, simple sign on the door, but when you get in... you are transported to somewhere else! The walls are lined with hawaiian themed decor, there are nice booths for folks to sit and catch up at, a bar with dollar bills and drink umbrellas covering the ceiling, and to keep it going there is a backyard patio.I can't say much about the food but we tried a couple of the highly recommended drinks and we concur. The scorpion bowl which comes ablaze is a great starter for a group. Just watch your straws while you are posting the pic you just took to tell everyone else that you are out for #tikituesday. We had a couple of melted accidents. We followed it up with a couple of off the menu drinks. Basically ask for a bowl and tell them to fill it in a general tasty direction and they will deliver!Next time you go out for taco tuesday, keep the night going and make it a tiki tuesday. Until next timeCheers
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2013,10/21/2013,100,210,4,8,6>I was super impressed with this place, and am so glad it's finally open! It's a really beautiful open space, which I think is good for 40th Street. I'm a sucker for root beer, and they have one on tap. SO DELICIOUS, although it comes in too teensy of a cup for $4. I also had a few sips of my boyfriend's porter (I think it was called the Flashover), and that was also awesome.We ended up splitting a chicken-pork sausage that came with a fig and jam spread, lard-soaked chips, and pickled peppers. For $14, I was expecting a lot. I was not in any way disappointed. It was surprisingly hearty and filling, and everything was so flavorful without being overly heavy. Also, they use really good buns, hon.We weren't planning on getting dessert here, but when we saw the strawberry creme fraiche ice cream sandwich, we knew we weren't done. The ice cream was creamy and tart, and full of whole strawberries. The cookies were incredible--chocolatey and crispy, so they held the sandwich together really well.I can't wait to come back!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,10/20/2013,200,82,5,7,9>Ohhhh, that Farrington's. I have yet to wake up post-Farrington's without a hilarious story to tell.It's an excellent place to bring friends. Plenty of seating at the bar and at the booths. I feel like there's something to suit every taste here. Farrington's has dart boards and pool tables, karaoke nights for the musically-inclined, and a D.J. for those who wanna get their twerk on. Casey is an excellent bartender and is sure to make your night even more enjoyable!Definitely make this place your go-to bar in Pleasant Hill. See you there!
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,10/19/2013,151,178,18,22,18>I've come to realize that the notion of who makes the "best pho" can be a rather subjective and personal experience. And, that entering a discussion on the subject is as delicate a task as performing spinal surgery. Or debating who has the prettier mother. So, to all my Pho Anh Dao-loving friends ... let me honor your love by saying that it's no small compliment to say it's my *second* favorite place in the East Bay to grab a bowl of pho.The pho bo broth is good. As with most every pho joint, its consistency can flutter ... sometimes sweeter, sometimes saltier. All in all, satisfying. The noodles are decent. The meats for the #12 (rare steak and brisket) aren't exactly ample or special. But still fine and adequate.Beyond the pho, I've had the Imperial rolls twice. More memorable the first round, but good on both occasions. They hit a pet peeve nerve by serving token scraps of lettuce with them. I love me the lettuce roll-up!Big TV screens, a casket-sized fish tank of a small populace of fish, are two memorable hooks for a visit. The service is unobtrusive but actually rather sweet and warm, as you get the sense that they know and appreciate their regulars. Also sweet is the generally good street parking and the absence of that crowded feeling like trying to find a seat on a rush hour subway one can encounter at my 'other' pho joint.Besides the hefty endorsements by Yelpers whose opinions I hold in regard, Pho An Dao is listed in this year's SF Chronicle's "100 Cheap Eats" for the Bay Area.  So really, who am I to argue with this riptide of devotion?One tip:  the Pho comes in a few sizes. But unless you're hungry, and I mean inhumanly hungry, don't order the extra-large Pho. I've seen backyard pools that were smaller. It should come with an on-duty lifeguard for the kiddies at your table.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2013,10/18/2013,96,143,7,11,4>Alcohol, greasy food, loud music, crazy friends. Yes, please.Now mind you, I could probably get all of this at home, but Dan Sung Sa, or as it is also known as, the Porno Bar, allows me to write on their walls and have a great time without the clean up, has me thinking otherwise.I'll first talk about the most vital element of any restaurant, the food & drinks.  My table ordered a couple of their well-known flavored soju drink, yogurt & strawberry, plain soju & Korean beers.  The soju drinks come in a variety of flavors, so that's always fun. But I find that when you buy them in the big pitchers, the soju ratio to juice/yogurt ratio is quite low to that of the smaller bottles, so less punch for your buck.  I find that the price for just the soju and beers are pretty fair though.  Food can be a hit or a miss, depending on who you are.  But I never really go wrong when it comes to the chicken! I especially go for the garlic and soy sauce chicken! A bit pricey though, around $13 a plate.  And the other usuals are the spicy rice cakes, kimchi fried rice and cheese corn (I'm actually not a fan of the cheese corn, but my amigos seemed to have enjoyed them quite a bit. But what doesn't taste good when you're three bottles in.).  All of which I find pretty tasty.  The way to describe the atmosphere here is. Loud. Not the place for an intimate time with friends.  Music is blasted here, from hip-hop to Kpop.  And the decor is pretty cool, many Korean movie posters on the walls decorated with the artwork/initials/words of wisdom from past diners. Be sure to bring in your own sharpie!  There are big open tables and smaller cubby-like tables, so depending on what mood you're in, this place seems to be able to accommodate to that, but you will not escape the loud music.The service was fantastic here, an understatement when it came to serving our group.  When you mix college students together with an atmosphere encouraging drinking, you already know what you're getting yourself into, and the staff here definitely understood that.  But they were ready for everything that came to them.  They were always around to pick up empty plates, glasses and bottles; efficiently clearing our area as fun times kept coming, as well as bringing us extra chairs, glasses and more food as our party grew.  And as with big groups, paying can be a hassle, but again, they were great when it came to our check of multiple credit cards.The location is right in Oakland's Korea-town, not the most appealing place to be, especially when it's 10PM (the time when most people start rolling in), especially when you're not from the area.  And the outside definitely does not do this place justice.  But just brave the streets for ten seconds (street parking though!), find your way to this place and try it out!
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,10/17/2013,91,181,3,6,7>There's a good chance that McNally's Irish Pub is older than your mom.Seriously, as of this year, they are celebrating their 80th Anniversary--pretty great for a business in the Rockridge district!Snarky, witty, insane bartenders really set the scene-- and there's always a fair mix of alcoholics, party-girls, depressed people trying to forget their lives, stuttering intellectuals, and new friends!Bathrooms are less-terrifying than one would think.The Back-room is on and poppin' for private events, if you so wish.  This large, wooden, smallish-barn-enclosure is decked out with posters throughout the past 80 years of McNally's purveyance of alcohol (essentially since the end of prohibition!!)Oh, did I forget to mention the smoking alley-carport area out back that boasts outdoor furniture and a working TV? Ya, smoke on smokers!
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,10/16/2013,311,112,17,25,17>I've been to the other EB regional parks (a few times each) that have a swimming area, and Cull Canyon is still by far my favorite one.One, it's the most central of all the other choices and is really easy to get to from the freeway. No long ass drives into the middle of nowhere. Two, while parking can be limited, it's free and the street option isn't too far from the entrance. Three, it's the closest thing to having sand, not painful, stupid gravel like many of the other ones and is totally free from bird poop, yeah, I'm looking at you Quarry Lakes, ugh. Four, it never feels overcrowded even though there are always a sh*t ton of little kids (mine included) always running around. Five, the water has different depths and never feels too cold.The ONLY complaint is really towards EB park mgmt, not so much Cull Canyon. And that is: why the hell do you guys close in September, when you guys know fully well it's still freaking hot until October?!! arghhh.... I'd pay more during the summer if it meant we could go to the lagoons earlier in April and later until October. *crosses fingers that management will take this request into consideration*
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2013,10/15/2013,732,444,5,8,7>Cole is a great neighborhood cafe with quality coffee, squishy red chairs, & outdoor seating. While saying this may be a faux pax (since I'm sure they want you to buy THEIR scones), it doesn't hurt that they're less than a block from La Farine! Saturday mornings here are lovely. You can sit outside and watch the hustle and bustle of College Ave, or, even better, pick a table along 63rd street for some shady peace and quiet. There are actually two establishments here unified by their name and location; the cafe on College has individual, custom-dripped cups of coffee and a wider menu selection (pastries, yogurt & granola, eggs, a few sandwiches), while the cafe on 63rd - which has a separate entrance and is not physically connected - has ready brewed pots that are better for the To Go crowd. I've been to both and both are good. In fact, you can get a custom drip cup for the requisite $2.50 if you've got time to spare, and go 'round back for a ready-made $1.00 refill to go. It's a good gig. Viva la weekend!!
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,10/14/2013,340,339,9,17,11>Wow! An unexpectedly classy joint in Downtown Concord? I was instantly smitten, especially since this was my Valentine's dinner date with the daughter. The setting was just perfect! The food was delicious. The daughter loved the French onion soup and finished her côtelettes de porc à la polenta aka pork chop plate  -- a very interesting yet pleasing phenomenon for her mother since she is not exactly an adventurous eater, and this was her first foray into French food  (aside from French fries, which she insists is French food since "it is called FRENCH fries, mom. Duh!").  I had the pétoncles poêlés (pan-seared scallops), and the scallops were cooked perfectly. For a small-looking plate, it was very filling! For dessert, I had the apple and blueberry rissoles, and the daughter had coffee, and chocolate with almond gelato. Those were all we needed to glue our big smiles to our faces until we got home. The service was fairly good, but a little halting. We had about five minutes of break in between courses, which is not very fun if you were with your hungry daughter who most certainly was not interested into looking into your eyes (I swear, that girl has not one romantic bone in her body... And since she is nearing the boy-crazed stage...Yay for me!). However, I am willing to chalk that up to the fact that (a) they were still fairly new and may still be working out the kinks (hopefully they are better by now); and (b) it was Valentine's Day and the room was full. Besides, they kept the yummy bread with their amazing dip coming so I should not really complain too much.Our visit overall was c'est magnifique. An elegant setting (although weirdly loud) with delicous and reasonably-priced French food in Todos Santos Plaza? I am most definitely a fan of La Sen.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,10/13/2013,156,215,5,11,11>I discovered the lure of cafes during my boarding school days in NC - Rainbow Cafe and undergrad days in NY - Cafe Mozart, Cafe Pertutti, the Cafe near the church on Amsterdam Ave where I spent so many hours studying organic chemistry and eating oversized hamentashen and drinking cappuccinos with whipped cream....Haddon Hill has captured a place in my heart among my top cafes. Discriminating food, coffee, tea, clean bathroom, updated interior. I actually look forward to occasions where I can simply "hang out" and drink tea or stop by after our Lakeshore Stroll outings. I can chat with other patrons or be online. It's the neighborhood "Cheers".Isaac and Danny take coffee and food seriously, as evidenced by their offerings. J gets his Four Barrel grounds from here and as far as one yelper grousing that it took 10 min for his coffee - try waiting an HOUR (seriously) at Four Barrel in the Mission. During the August "Night Out", Isaac and Danny set up 2 long tables for the potluck and were grilling corn and hot dogs (meat & veggie) on the sidewalk. There were many people gathered there and folks (including J and I) enjoyed themselves.They had Pepples' vegan doughnuts one weekend and served them hot - oh soo good. Would like to see more vegan offerings.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,10/12/2013,31,94,1,8,6>I'm in love with this hole in the wall diner, located near campus on University. A very sweet Korean couple runs this place and you can either dine at the counter or at the tables (I prefer the counter). Usually the place is quiet with diners eating alone. One of the reasons I love this place so much is that they serve grits!! (Grits aren't a hard thing to make but it's still nice to know they're being served somewhere). Their grits are perfectly buttery and piping hot. I like getting the eggs with sourdough toast (already buttered for you) and bacon. They also give you a side of homemade kimchi that gives the perfect kick to the carb-heavy meal. I've also heard great things about the bulgogi and breakfast sandwiches. Overall I'd recommend this place for a very hearty breakfast meal with zero pretentious vibes.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2013,10/11/2013,654,850,10,15,12>The girlfriend was craving noodles, particularly ramen. Apparently, it's well known to the foodie common consciousness that the East Bay is not such a great place to indulge noodle cravings. The South Bay is where it's at according to those in the know.But there's gotta be some place closer than San Mateo to get a really great bowl of noodles. At least that was the hope, or the theory. Perhaps that's the rationale behind the name Noodle Theory. The idea, the hypothesis that really great noodles can exist in the East Bay.We put the theory to the test on a warm Summer evening. Inside, Noodle Theory's seating area is a line of tables along their street front windows. I'm guessing there's no a/c as the door was wide open & it was uncomfortably warm. Service was prompt & friendly.For a starter, we ordered the Chinese Five Spice Sweet Potato Fries w/ Thai Green Curry Aioli. For noodles, I got the Grilled Niman Ranch Beef Udon in Coconut Lime Curry Broth & the girlfriend got the Grilled Niman Ranch Spicy Pork Loin Ramen in Peanut Lime Cilantro Broth.The fries showed up 1st & that alone was worth coming for. Noodle Theory has a decent selection of bottled beers, but these fries are begging to be served in a taproom. Hmmm, how far away is Trappist Provisions? Anyhow, I had a Green Flash IPA here & it was all goodNext came our noodles. Serving size was just about right, not too big, not too small. I loved the savory flavor of the Coconut Lime Curry Broth. The Grilled Niman Ranch Beef was good & tender. But I wasn't into the Udon. It was prepared OK, I just feel like it was the wrong type of noodle for the dish.The girlfriend said her order was OK, but liked the broth in my bowl better. Altogether, it was some very good, some just good & some not quite as good. Picking an overall rating is a tough call between 3.49 stars & 3.50 stars. I guess I'll go with 3.50 & round up since it was good enough that I would go back.Ultimately, however, the search is still on for that really great bowl of noodles in the East Bay. As of now, it looks like it'll still take a drive to the South Bay. San Mateo, here we come...
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,10/10/2013,101,119,3,7,6>Snappy's Cafe is that place in Hayward that everyone knew was missing.It has very quickly become a staple of downtown, reflecting the community through the art on its walls, local information, honey from community beekeepers, pastries from down the street, and even live music.  The peaceful atmosphere encourages conversation and reflection. There are book shelves with the freedom to take and leave literature as you please. On any given day you'll encounter locals, students, and business types on the go. April, the owner, is resourceful and kind, and the impact that she is making on the community with her ambitious little coffee house is admirable.Not to mention, the cappuccinos are downright tasty.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,10/9/2013,200,470,6,10,7>I'm ashamed to admit that I've heard so much about this spot that I thought it was over hyped. I couldn't figure out how someone could get excited over a pot pie. Both family and friends are big fans - and now so am I!When I think of pot pies, I think of that frozen chicken pie that my mom used to feed me when she had nothing else in the house; oh, how I hated those. I must admit that my childhood memory tainted my opinion of pot pies and I'd never drive out of my way to try one. I've even seen these at local farmer's markets and I wasn't tempted try it.Today we were hungry and I realized that this spot was less then a mile from where Mr. S. parks his bus. No better time for him to get his pot pie fix and I figured I'd find something else off the menu that would fill me up. First off - the service was awesome. We received a warm welcome along with food suggestions. I opted for the special of the day, no pie, just bockwurst, red cabbage and potatoes. Can't go wrong with that! All was prepared properly and the cooked red cabbage reminded me of the same that I'd eaten in Ireland. Mr. S ordered the Lamb Shepherd's Pie. I snubbed my nose up at it, particularly since it contained the dreaded peas UNTIL it was served. WOW, one bite and I was a fan! I ended up sharing my meal just so I could eat part of his pie and was looking for more! It was like a traditional shepherd's pie but also had mint in it. I didn't even bother picking out the peas since they were cooked right and weren't offensive. It was so good that I was looking around for more when we'd finished the last morsel.As many reviewers have mentioned, this is a real gem, a great find in the industrial area of Hayward. I will put it on my list to frequent when I'm hungry and can't decide what to eat. There is something for everyone and these menu items are sure to please!
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,10/8/2013,399,264,8,7,8>BEST CHOCOLATE COVERED BACON I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!Yes, it is that serious, that I had to write it in caps.  Normally the chocolate covered bacon I have eaten is crunchy, but the this one was semi-soft and tasted soo perfect.  The chocolate is lathered on, doesn't break apart, and so creamy.  While I love crunchy breakfast bacon, I wouldn't call this bacon soggy, but it's just soft and the perfect texture.  I know I already said that, but that's the best I can describe it without getting tempted to go to the mall to buy more! $2.50 each, $6 for 3 pieces.This place is located where Coldstone used to be and now the only reason to go to Newpark Mall.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,10/7/2013,1310,187,9,15,13>Rockin Crawfish is a gem, an absolute diamond.Feeling like seafood? Don't want to drive super far to get to boiling crab? Look no further. The Rockin' Crawfish is a young, hip, live, and delicious experience that will tickle your senses when you step into the restaurant. Your nostrils will be tempted by the aroma, your eyes will run wild at all the "artwork" on the walls, and your tastebuds will be smothered in satisfying and flavorful wonders. They offer a variety of seafoods, ranging from crawfish, shrimp, clams, dungess crab, blue crab, king crab, to oysters. FYI Oysters are $1 per, on Tuesdays and Wednesdays all day. The oysters are a one bite wonder. As in, each bite will leave you wanting more and more.1lb of shrimp goes for 13.99, and the clams are 9.99 per pound.Crabs can be had as a whole and ranges from 30 - 40 bucks per crab. They have many flavors for you to choose from, such as butter, garlic, rocking combo, and a couple others. There are also spice levels you can choose when you order! The "medium spicy" is just right if you like a kick but don't want to cry. Along with the seafoods by the pound, there are also a bunch of other sides you can order.Corn (only 75 cents), rice, potatoes and sausages all can be had!Waffle cut fries, garlic fries, fish and chips, gumbo, and a bunch of other sides are also worthwhile. If you pass by Oakland, this spot is a must-eat. It's only a block from the beautiful lake merit. Parking lot can fit maybe 12 cars and is usually full, but there is plenty of street parking. They don't take reservations, they can split bills, and they do have excellent service. Thank me later when you have a food coma!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,10/6/2013,110,127,5,7,6>I have tried all kinds of ethnic cuisines: Ethiopian, Thai, Cambodian, Puerto Rican, Cuban, Afghani, Indian, Korean, Vietnamese, Tibetan etc.. But it wasn't until recently that I discovered suya(West African shish kebab) and Jamaican jerk spiced foods. Thanks to my good friend David Z., I was introduced to Suya African Caribbean Grill and blown away by yet another great Berkeley restaurant. The beauty of Suya African Caribbean Grill is that its a simple yet delicious meal that is both affordable and filling. Like its name, the food is heavily influenced by West African and Caribbean styles of cooking. Shish kebabs of beef, chicken, fish or vegetables are served on a plate of your choice that can include either grilled plantains, roasted potatoes, grilled corn, sweet potato chips, rice, steamed vegetables or mixed green salad. The food can be made spicy or mild(its not an inferno, but even with the mild I could tell this stuff gets hot!). I ordered the chicken skewers with rice and grilled plantains. It hit the spot! The chicken was extra fresh and had been grilled to perfection. The rice was sweet and the grilled plantains were excellent. All this food only cost me $7-9(sorry I can't remember what it was officially after tax). The service was really friendly. The owner(I think?) asked everyone how their meal was and if this was their first time there. I had a great experience here and will probably return soon with my family and friends.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,10/5/2013,456,631,5,8,9>I work a few block away and found this to be my go-to place for my cheat meals or hearty hangover days. Their cheeseburger is usually the number one meal that my coworkers are jealous of or inspired to get one of their own when I bring it back, its caloric breeze wafting through our cubicles. 2 out of the 3 times I've ordered it, it has been amazing, although the last time it was a bit burnt :(. You get fries and a drink and all for under $6. Come on!I've seen their salads and am definitely tempted to get one next -- that or a philly cheese steak! It gets pretty crowded and busy during the lunch hour, but they seem to be on point with the line and production of orders. I think it's a fantastic price point for the food and quality, especially in downtown Oak.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,10/4/2013,142,274,7,12,8>Skip the La Note crowd and come here instead.  There may not be a fancy patio, but there's homemade English muffins!  It may not sound like much, but you don't know what you're missing until you have one.  Throw in some extra-homey home fries, a right on raunchy Bloody Mary, and some exposed brick to boot and BAM!! you're the coolest kid on the block. It's an intimate (read: small) space but with a big-space attitude.  It's cool and smart, but cozy and retro enough to avoid intimidation.  The staff fits in perfectly; if I saw them at a party, I'd be way too scared to talk to them, but then I'd have a couple drinks and see that they're actually super nice and welcoming and I was nervous for nothing.  If they make mistakes, they fix them, if they take too long, they apologize -- these guys can read my mind and take action before I ever have to feel like a bitch for asking.  First Jupiter, now Venus; I'm having good planetary alignment.  Open up more planet spots, Berkeley!  And don't forget Pluto!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,10/3/2013,278,117,3,5,6>I'm a huge fan of ultra thin crust pizza, and was thoroughly impressed with this place. It's fairly small and their was a dauntingly long line already formed when we entered, but service was super quick. They had an array of pre-made pizzas on display behind the counters that you can choose from, and you can either get individual slices or a whole pie. Once you order they grab your slice and pop it into an oven behind the register and it's hot and ready within what felt like under a minute to me. A lot of their non-Alcoholic beverages come in glass bottles, which is always fun, and there was a small selection of dessert items that included cupcakes and gluten free treats from Mariposa Bakery. There's a big bowl of bottle caps right next to the register where they collect caps, which some kids in front of me dove into and made a big scene about during my entire meal (slightly annoying but not their fault-probably a good idea to not tempt kids with small shiny round objects though). I got to try about five slices, and my own was all veggie and was delectable and tasted fresh. So happy there's a good thin crust place in this neighborhood now. I'm a fan.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2013,10/2/2013,138,217,7,10,9>Rave, Rave, Rave review for The Fat Lady. First off, ambiance is fat. Think dimly lit, intimate and cozy. It would be great for a date night and near the front they have a swanky little spot for two. The bar generously pours delightful cocktails and the staff is always on point and crazy friendly. I'm a regular for weekend brunch and each time I've left super pleased. My first visit was after a fun 5k at the lake. Me 'n my group of friends were famished and happened across the Fat Lady on Yelp. My sis made reservations for 10 and a toddler. When we arrived, we were seated towards the back and fitted with a high chair for our little one. Little plates of muffins, cornbread and other treats were waiting for us and promptly devoured! Breakfast dishes were had all around; delicious Grand Marnier French Toast and detectable eggs benedict here! Must try: the mimosas, bellinis and the terribly tasty blood mary! Our group was so pleased and the staff was amazingly accommodating to our little guy. I've been back since with other groups of 7+ (some with children) and each time my friends are super impressed and well taken care of. What more could you ask for!? Great for couples, and groups small and large. I've had a fabulous birthday brunch here and I've seen the Fat Lady host baby showers and the like. And they've got a banquet room too. Awesome! Check out this old Oakland gem already!
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2013,10/1/2013,303,540,7,8,7>Bagel Street Cafe won my business in a recent 'Support the Local Guys' whim when the line at Starbucks on a Saturday morning was waaaaaaaaaaaay too long for me.  A quick stroll across the parking lot and there I was, happy to be in a small privately owned business with many other patrons that were obviously regulars.  Multiple signs posted around the line state they take cash only, which is disappointing in this day and age and is costing them 1 star, but at least customers receive fair warning.  I got their cinnamon raisin bagel toasted with strawberry cream cheese, and a bottle of sparkling water from a drink fridge, and within 3 minutes and $4.50 later, I was enjoying a really great breakfast for the price of my usual Starbucks drink order.  The bagel is toasted perfectly, and the cream cheese awesome - pretty sure there were chunks of strawberry in there, which was a first for me!  I will happily return, cash in hand, when in the area and needing a bagel fix!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,9/30/2013,90,39,10,13,13>Best burger I've eaten in years. No joke. This is my new go-to burger joint. (I still love you almost every other burger spot I frequent, but there is something extra special about Scolari's.)Beauty. Deliciousness. The burger is like 6inches tall, yet somehow stays together. The perfect bun doesn't fall apart or get soggy. Amazing.The garlic fries were super greasy - as they should be - and packed with flavor. They hit them with a hint of extra spice which really takes them to the next level. Next up to try is the Buffalo Fries. It's a small spot, with only a couple indoor seats, and a few small tables outside. So don't plan on bringing a huge group, unless you're taking your food elsewhere. Seriously though: burger perfection.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,9/29/2013,1107,488,10,6,7>Shockingly cheap (fresh) produce.See, I don't cook. I just know I like specific ingredients, but I never know how to put it all together. That's why I eat out as much as I do.Since we moved to the Oakland Hills a few months ago, the convenience and availability of delivery that we had when we lived in Pac Heights has disappeared. (Can you believe there isn't even a Pizza Hut or Domino's that'll deliver here? Yah, we were *that* desperate.)So, we've started attempting to cook. (Key word: attempting) So far I've noticed that at least one of the following three things occur when I cook:               1.) Something melts.               2.) Something burns.               3.) Something tastes off.Anyway. I had purchased enoki mushrooms from the Richmond New May Wah Supermarket at San Francisco. Then I waited a really long time to gather the courage to cook them. By the time we were ready 2 months later, and were done with a majority of the prep work, we realized the enoki mushroom were no longer viable. I trusted Yelp, made a call, and within less than 5 minutes my dearest raced out the door towards Koreana Plaza.He came home with enoki mushrooms and a bunch of sweet ladyfinger bananas for less than $3.50. At least now there's a grocery store that makes me feel slightly less bad about (literally) burning my money in a pan.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2013,9/28/2013,158,99,4,10,10>YES. Just yes. You can get double mimosas which have double the champagne just to start off your saturday afternoon right (or if you're a lightweight like me, to get good and tipsy). The eggs benedict (of several varieties) are spot-on, especially with their thinly sliced, crispy breakfast potatoes. Milan scramble was funky fresh but skip the pancakes. They're sorta dry and too dense (this goes for the buckwheat and buttermilk). The wait on a Saturday late morning was only about 20 minutes and you can spend that time popping across the street to prime your appetite pump with the feisty samples over at the Pasta Shop. Easily accessible parking right around the corner. A winner in my book. I'm still glowing from that lovely brunch with my best ladies, but maybe that fact alone prejudices the experience. Alas, there is no lovely dining without lovely dining companions!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,9/27/2013,121,1332,9,8,9>OMFG. Excuse my language while I roll my tongue back inside my mouth.It's been hanging out ever since we walked in the door. First of all, this is a truly legit palateria AND fruiteria. There is one up in Concord, but location of this one is much better AND they have more flavors/items to choose from on the menu. 43 different flavors of ice cream/sorbets. Enough said. You will find any Mexican flavor. Any that your little heart desires. Plus others you didn't know existed. Fruit bars, ice cream bars, milk shakes, smoothies, escamochas, bionicos, chamayodas, fruity tooties (ok I made the last one up). ANY Mexican treat that is ice cream/sorbet or fruit based, they will make for you. Spicy flavors, creamy flavors, fruity flavors... Overwhelmed yet? We were! It took us 20 minutes to figure out what we wanted and then I to pick between five items I wanted equally as much. Good for them. Means many repeat visits...So my  husband went healthy and ordered an escamocha, which we had never had. Absolutely delicious. Large cup full of fresh fruit in chili powder flavored orange juice. Just try it and thank me afterwards... I had the nassberry paleta (so freaking good). Kids were disappointing (of course) and went with bubblegum and marshmallow and strawberry ice cream. We ordered the sugar free version of the latter for my daughter and were pleasantly surprised to find out that sugar free really means reduced sugar. It was significantly less sweet than normal ice cream (and still so creamy and good). Of course that meant my daughter didn't want it after she had a taste of my paleta, but I was happy enough to finish it off for her. I love the texture of Mexican ice cream (thicker and chewier than American) and these did not disappoint.Prices are amazing for the quality. Walking out, my husband commented that this was now his favorite dessert place. I couldn't help but agree. I only worry that this location will not do well considering the exotic flavors, menu items and well ahem...the general population of the Walnut Creek suburbs. The neighboring Jamba Juice was far more busy.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,9/26/2013,1205,283,5,12,11>Have you ever heard of Sunday Funday?  Then you must have read the definition is Cana.  Definitely the little hot spot that temporarily makes you feel like your in Miami, but of course no half naked ladies.  Plenty of Mojitos, Dos Equis, and Margaritas to make you feel like your in the midst of a summer Latin fiesta.  The speakers are playing all the shake your hips Salsa beats and everyone is literally on the dance floor.  To say it's crowded would be an understatement, do not wear your Louboutins here, you will be guaranteed a "stepped on" moment.  The crowd is definitely a trail mix of everything, and everyone getting along.  Big props to the bartenders who hustle hard, and get all the drinks out in a timely manner even though there are a bunch of people just lingering in front of the bar.This definitely isn't the spot to come and expect library voices, which who wants to whisper on Sunday.  Cana is packed with fun times.  Also, even though it is Latin music please do not think this is the Latin hot-spot it's definitely for everyone.  Get away from the typical and feel tropical for a few.  Put those linens on you only pack for vacay and get away at Cana.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,9/25/2013,273,246,7,10,10>It was love at first site when I laid eyes on these beautiful mini cupcakes.  By just looking at them, you can tell that each and every one of these mini cupcakes were made with a lot of TLC.  My first unforgettable "cupcaking" experience with James and the Giant Cupcake (sorry I just had to say that, haha) was at a party where they had catered the desserts there.  We were on a magical first date :PAnd of course how could I only have one?  Heck yeah I'll try one of each..okay okay maybe I had 5 of each by the end of the event...but after reading this review you cant blame me for doing so! :PHere's what I had:COCOA CRAZY!Chocolate cupcakes topped with fudgy chocolate frosting.  This is like the generic flavor you just cant go wrong with...like having chocolate ice cream; simple yet classic and although may be over looked by other elaborate flavor, this flavor will forever be on top!  Its chocolatey-ness was not overwhelming and I absolutely adored the glittery and shimmery blue sprinkles on each and every one of them!LEMON!Light lemon cupcakes topped with a tart lemon buttercream frosting and pink sprinkles.  I love the spring colors that are used on this (white, yellow, and pink accents).Lots of sweet lemon flavor!  If you love lemon desserts like I do, then this will probably become a definite favorite!MOCHAChocolate cupcakes with a coffee flavored mascarpone frosting, topped with a chocolate covered espresso bean.The coffee taste was only in the frosting which gave it in overall subtle mocha flavor, but more chocolate.  I enjoyed it and the chocolate covered espresso bean on top!  You can tell immediately what flavor this is :)JAWSChocolate cupcakes with vanilla bean buttercream frosting, dipped in turquoise sprinkles and topped with a mint Milano cookie "fin".Okay, I had no idea this was called "Jaws" and now I totally see it!  How cute and creative is THAT!?!  I just thought, oh cool there is a milano cookie on top! I love milanos!  And WOW those are some awesome bright blue sprinkles...all on top of a chocolate cupcake!  Overall tasty...but now that I learned the name...I am just filled with rainbows and fuzziness. :)CHIQUITABanana cupcakes with Banana's Foster, topped with buttercream frosting.The absolute best thing about this one is that real bananas are being used...none of that artificial falvouring, no way!  Just the right amount of bananas fosters...so it has that gooey-ness going on.  In taste, this was perhaps my favorite out of everything here.Overall I must say what I really appreciate about these cupcakes is the presentation.  Taste is a huge factor for me of course and there has been many cases where its either only yummy in taste, or just pretty in looks.  James and the Giant Cupcake cupcakes is BOTH delicious and beautiful.  These mini-cupcakes come at $1.25 each...which is a great deal for those reasons!  I believe regular sized cupcakes are $2.50.  I think its a great deal for something that is amazingly wonderful for both taste and presentation.  Mmm..hmmm...Each and every cupcake that I had was moist and sweet, but not overwhelmingly sweet.  They did not skimp on the frosting so it was the perfect amount of frosting to cake.  They are so creative with their cupcake designs and ideas!  Again, presentation is important, and my sis and I have spoken about having these cupcakes for her wedding!  How wonderful would that be!?!  Thank you James and the Giant Cupcake for giving me such a wonderful cupcaking experience ;) I am so proud to learn that you are in Oakland as well.  Much Kudos to you!  *Applause*
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,9/24/2013,48,173,,23,7>This place is absolutely fantastic. They serve contemporary Japanese ramen, but we'll get back to that. There are no reservations here, so be prepared to wait. But, the silver lining is that you may enjoy cocktails, beers and wines while waiting at the bar where they have special seating and ample area to mingle around before getting seated. I really enjoyed how the Ramen Shop incorporated the bar so well into the restaurant. We ended up waiting half an hour on a Thursday night for a table for two. As you are seated, the decor gradually becomes traditional and homely, as if you were really at a ramen bar in Japan. I had the spicy miso with ground pork belly and the lady had the meyer lemon shoyu. Both were very interesting in flavor. I can definitely taste the distinct flavors the chef had intended. But their broths lack the complexity and layers that traditional ramen has because their rotate their flavors so often, leaving a more crisp and distinctive taste. The egg topping was perfectly cooked and the veggies incorporated interesting contemporary selections. The BEST part of the meal was actually being able to see them make it in front of your eyes if you sit at the bar. The traits that other chefs at other restaurants might find a burden, these people find the most important. And the Ramen Shop chefs are right. The night I went, The executive chef was preparing the ramen from uncrating them, loosening them, and boiling them. He taste tests each batch before letting them touch the bowls while another chef individually prepares each bowl of soup and tasting each batch for quality assurance as well. Other chefs were preparing garnish and meats, all their work resulting in a very fine bowl of ramen. The meticulous attention to detail and taste is unseen in the majority of restaurants I've dined in. And it really shows in the bowl. I enjoyed the transparency and streamlined kitchen. If you want the best traditional ramen in Northern California, I suggest Shoki II in Sacramento. The distinction between the two would be light and refreshing (Ramen Shop) compared to deep and earthy (Shoki II).For dessert we tried the melon bar popsicle. Not as creamy and rich (like a Melona bar) as I anticipated. That was a tiny disappointment, but a very nice touch with the accompanying sugar coated jelly digestivs. Next time, we'll be sure to try the black sesame ice cream sandwich. One thing, can you guys serve cold water? Cheers indeed!
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,9/23/2013,218,309,6,12,6>The owners must've loved Yogurtland/Jamba Juice so much that they decided to serve up their Korean food in CUPS! CUPS I TELL YOU! This takes "eating on the go" to a whole new level. Cup Story is entirely deserving of its fast food label as I got my order less than a minute after I ordered. That means everything on the menu has been made previously and are all sitting on warmers. Your food will be fast, but does it mean it's still customizable? You won't be able to get any meatless kimchi fried rice, but you can easily add Korean chili sauce (go chu jang), ketchup, and even teriyaki sauce to your cup.The kimchi fried rice utterly surprised me when it was served in a cup and was surprisingly tasty! There was a fair amount of spam, veggies, and egg, and the kimchi was evenly distributed across the cup of rice. If you like Korean food and listening to kpop while you eat, come check this place out!
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,9/22/2013,777,1202,3,12,11>I always wondered what would happen to the place with the "Ming's Kitchen" sign - and now Easy Creole has taken over with red walls and kitschy art - a chalk board with Cajun, Creole and even Cuban/Caribbean inspired recipes - always a selection of vegan recipes (one vegetarian because of butter) in addition to their meat dishes.  Everything is sort of stew based, served with rice - and all very delicious.  The prices are reasonable and you can split a dish - get two different items on rice, for a little bit more.  You can also get brown rice instead of white rice.  Your dish will come with a nice chunk of warm crusty toasted baguette dressed with herbs & olive oil (instead of butter!).I got a tofu version of Ropa Vieja - a nice medium body sauce, chunky with olives, capers and onions, and the Spinach Mushroom Etouffee -- I'm glad I got both because both were delicious and made me want to eat more even though the portion was JUST right!The guys who work there are all super friendly, and I look forward to going back and trying more items. They've only been open 3 weeks - so go and show some love!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,9/21/2013,151,211,5,7,6>Need an East Bay bar with an outdoor patio but feeling just a little too grown up for Heart and Stagger and unwilling to deal with crowd at Beer Rev? Portal is the solution.I'm positively peachy about Portal's spacious patio, stellar beer selection and bites. It's recently become a favorite place to check out with the girlfriends post-Lake run. Their happy hour special is pretty phenom with a "mini" (perfectly proportioned) burger, fries and a PBR or an iced tea to wash it down. The quinoa salad that everyone is raving about is also deserving of accolades. Portal's a good place to catch up with a friend or enjoy some sunshine with a great view of the lake. They also have live music on the weekends so I'll be checking that out for sure as the weather gets warmer!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,9/20/2013,291,487,5,6,7>Fresh n' tasty!If you want quality, delicious organic food in WC look no further.  This semi-new spot is in a great corner location & should get plenty of new patrons, if the prices don't scare people away.Now, I'm not complaining about the prices.  I don't mind paying for quality food.  I just think they don't emphasize the local, organic aspect of their food.  It should be listed on their menu & on their website (which isn't really active yet).  I think that a great majority of folks are willing to pay a little extra for organic food.Anyway, I ordered the grilled salmon skewers which were placed over some greens & fresh, thick pita-type bread.  On the side was a sampling of 3 different salads:  potato (slightly tangy with lots of dill - yum!), cabbage (also tangy & delicious), & tomatoes with cucumbers (amazingly fresh veggies).  The salmon was heavenly!  I made up a little pita bread sandwich roll with the salmon & side salads & they all complimented each other beautifully.  All this with an amazing glass of Flora Springs Chardonnay, and quite a generous pour I must say (ahem, Tender Greens)!I found the flow of the restaurant to be a bit awkward.  The owner is so happy to tell you about the food & proudly explain all the dishes that the line quickly backs up.  As much as I appreciated this information I felt bad for the people lining up behind us.  There were quite a few other staff members working behind the counter but it didn't seem like they were allowed to take orders at the register.  We tried to place our drink orders with one of them & he couldn't help us until the order was in the system.  Not a big deal I just felt bad for the guy since he was so nice & helpful.  Once we placed our order we chose a seat (outdoor seating is a huge plus!) and they brought us our drinks, water, & yummy citrus cucumber spears.  So simple but so delicious!  Our waiter was very kind & kept our water glasses filled.There seem to be thousands of restaurants to choose from in downtown WC so I hope this one sticks around a while.  I'm dreaming about that salmon!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,9/19/2013,388,772,3,5,5>Hardcore gamers need not fear: High Scores is the real deal.Those thinking that they can get the same experience at home are simply deluded (or just young). Part of the joy of gaming comes with playing with others, and High Scores offers a stellar environment to meet your fellow gamer. Plus, unique machines like the pinball/video game hybrid Baby Pac-Man and the Aerosmith light gun shooter Revolution X (really) give this place serious geek cred.It's an experience you just can't get on the 360 or PS3, something easily worth five stars.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,9/18/2013,158,177,4,9,6>One loop around the mirror-like lagoon is a little under three miles (rough estimate).  There are boat and bike rentals near the entrance of the park (Addison St.), as well as a cute waterside cafe.  Further along the trail, you'll find an adorable playground, dubbed Dreamland for Kids, with imaginative wooden structures and swings!Ornithologists will rejoice the presence of several ducks, geese, and other waterfowl that I do not know the names of.  The Aquatic Park is also next to an animal shelter for those interested in adopting a kitty! :PThe park connects to the Berkeley Marina via the pedestrian bridge, which crosses I-80. Tip:  If you are running from Shattuck Ave. near downtown Berkeley, you'll be running about 2.5 miles before you get to the Aquatic Park.  In combination with the loop around the lagoon, this is a solid workout.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,9/17/2013,333,495,10,18,19>If you like to customize your pie this is your place. Calling all picky people this is your place. Came in for dinner at 6PM on a Sunday night with another couple. The hostess seated us immediately in the pizzeria portion of the restaurant. She asked for our names to write them down on tags along with the table number. When you are ready to order bring it along to the ordering line (don't forget the menu it helps).The employees were friendly taking the order for the pie and salad. I ordered the rosso base (tomato sauce) shredded mozzarella cheese, chicken, artichoke hearts and calabrese peppers ($11.95). Hubs ordered pesto base, pulled mozzarella, Italian sausage, pine nuts, jalapeños and an egg ($11.95). We shared a side salad ($3.50). After ordering you pay the cashier and return to your table. The food is delivered when ready. Our food took around 10-15 mins. The pies were served on silver metal pans. I loved mine. The ingredients were fresh, the crust was crispy and I have to pat myself on the back since my custom combination was pretty darn tasty. There is staff to flag down to ask for condiments and to go boxes. Soft drinks and water is self serve from the soda machines. On the opposite side of the pizza bar is the alcoholic bar to order and pick up adult bevies. The decor is casual and a bit industrial. Lots of wood, beams and high ceilings. Menus are already on the table along with balsamic vinaigrette and olive oils, silverware and napkins. Misc. info: gluten free dough is available, pizzas are one size and it is more of a dine in restaurant. Pies are ready super quick compared to other places. Pineapple is not an option for a topping :( and where are the dessert pizzas??
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,9/16/2013,284,258,8,9,10>Make Westing now has to share its throne with Bar Three-Fifty Five for the best bar in Oakland, as far as I am concerned. I stumbled upon this place last Friday night and was {{not}} disappointed.355 has everything you could want in a bar. For starters, not a lot of people know about it, so it's never too crowded. They have gilded wallpaper and golden mirrors on the walls, creating an old-timey feel. The bartenders are the babliest of men. Grab a seat at the bar and... you know, just stare at them, nothing creepy about that. They make their own ginger syrup, which is absolutely divine, and whip up the best cocktails I've had in the East Bay.If you're planning a night of drinks in Oakland, make Bar Three-Fifty-Five your plan-a. This place is sucha gem.Tip: try the "Dark & Stormy." It is completely delightful.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,9/15/2013,139,240,2,4,3>My favorite bar in the UC Berkeley area (there aren't many). Not to mention conveniently walking distance from my apartment and a chill, older-than-undergrad crowd. This is a really fun place to go to watch a big Bay Area game (I came a lot when the Giants were in the playoffs last year) and a good place to hangout with friends. It does get packed though and loud (especially on Thursday) so if you want a table come early.For beer: you gotta come on Thursday night for Monkey Head. But other than that I like the IPAX.Food: all the finger food is delicious (fries, buffalo wings) and so are the burgers (I like the A.B.S). I think their mac n cheese is also good (definitely not the best I've had but it's enjoyable to eat and gets the job done). As for sandwhiches, one of my friends swears by the Rueben Rock and he's eaten enough of those in his lifetime for me to trust his judgement.This is also a good place to get dinner with a group. You can call ahead of time and reserve a table on the upper patio level and they're really attentive and accommodating.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,9/14/2013,92,166,6,3,5>this place is AMAZING.  i don't care how much the doughnuts costs, they are WORTH it.  DOUGHNUT DOLLY IS A FOOD EXPERIENCE.the location is adorable.  it's like a cute tiny little doll house, all bright and cheery.  and everyone is waiting on line so happy to get their awesome doughnuts.  everyone was talking and laughing.  and the staff is so nice.  it was like an old fashioned birthday party.and the doughnuts are SOOO GOOD!  SOO GOOD!  i bought some naughty cream (vanilla bean) and mexican chocolate doughnuts.  oh! you know what i loved about them?  when you have the last couple bites of the doughnut, and you can taste the doughnut oil, it's all light and sublime and has the very subtle doughnut flavors in it.  and it just coats your throat and stomach in lovin doughnut magic.i could eat 20.  (that's a lie, i can only eat 3)i got some jam too.  it's very nice.  i picked raspberry, that's my favorite.  but i noticed they had some other nice flavors too but i can't remember what they are.my only 2 suggestions for doughnut dolly:1.  make wheat free doughnuts.  i brought them over my friends house and i had no idea they were off wheat.  so i had to eat their doughnuts for them.2.  sell that awesome filling by the JAR FULL!  because you know we all want more.  that way we wont have to knock you over and stick our head in the filling bucket the next time we show up for some doughnuts.oh yeah, and i think there should also be tshirts and travel mugs.  doughnut tshirts and travel mugs are the best, aren't they?
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,9/13/2013,207,242,3,15,10>After discovering this place; I do not order sashimi any more. It is so easy to prepare it yourself and it will not break your wallet. The hours are a bit inconvenient and it closes at 6p on most days; so I save these Tokyo Fish Market trips for the weekend. App bar: Seaweed salad: Get the one that does not have the green food coloring added. It's the same salad and taste without the artificial coloring. Marinated baby octopus: It's marinated in sesame oil and it's fully cooked. It's really chewy but has a lot of flavorSalmon roe: fresh and it shipped every few days. These do not have any artificial coloring as well. Sashmi: Hamachi: is by far my favorite. I always ask if they have the belly cut because it has a little bit more fat and it's so delicious. Ask for the back if you want something leaner. Toro: is about ~$35 per lb which is a bit pricy but I always get a quarter-half a pound to just up the value of the meal a bit. Plus a quarter lb can get you about 8-10 pieces depending on how you cut it. Tuna: Not a huge fan to eat for Sashmi. I would use the tuna you purchase here for tuna tartar or maybe grill. They have so many japanese food items that you can think of; miso soup, rice, soy sauce etc.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,9/12/2013,166,252,4,5,5>I'm in love with Stella. These Hot Italian pizzas are DELIZIOSO! Perfectly done thin crust with a nice crunch to it. Plenty of gooey cheeses, mushrooms & prosciutto. MMm. And yes, pass me that chili oil for a spicy kick..First time here dining here. One of our friend wanted to eat here for dinner last night. My husband & I were thinking, 'pizza for dinner?' Doesn't sound interesting but Ok. As it turned out, we actually like this place. Our friend owns a Ducati and this was a meetup place for the bike club. Lots of cool bikes and nice men in leather to look at ;) We started off with the Stella pizza and our friend ordered the Borriello pizza. Love the Stella. We finished it before we can take a picture of it. As for the Borriello, it was good but I must say, there was a lot of tomato sauce. Made the crust soggy. The sauce & mozarella was dripping off the pizza slice. Took a fork and scooped it up. However, we still like it. I can definitely taste the fresh quality ingredients. Love the cheese's too.The restaurant has an artsy, urban, modern, hip, unique look to it. Huge space with floor to ceiling windows. High lofty ceilings. TV sport projected on the wall, as well as bicycles. The only downside is that the tables are cafeteria style with long tables. You shared tables with other people. I don't mind. I'm more used to having your own table for a more intimate lunch or dinner with your own group. As for prices, we're used to the prices being around 15 bucks per pizza. Every other italian pizza joint (Forge in JLS is one of them) are around these prices. No small, medium or large. Just one size. I think these are around 12 inch pizza's. Service was great. Friendly people. Will definitely be back. Can't wait to try the Belluci & others and the Gelatos.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,9/11/2013,3448,1617,12,22,16>Oh you yelpers, you post these things like $1 Happy Hour Oyster Wednesdays and make a girl come running. Now that I've been here twice, it's time to pass on my review to you. Every day is a new deal, but this girl loves oysters so Wednesdays are the day I go. I love sitting out on the patio and having drinks and bites out there. It's nice. The Happy Hours are 5-7pm AND 10-Close Monday-Friday. The Deals are $2 Taco Tuesday, $1 Oyster Wednesday and Sangria Sunday. Happy Hour is Monday-Friday 5-7PM 10-Close, full menu of specials marc49.com/?page_id=1026I've had several of their cocktails, the Drink of the Day doesn't equal Deal of the Day, so it's full price. FYI.The Cheese Plate is Great for $10. Nice selection of quality cheese and crackers. The ceviche is pretty good and so are the crudities. Marc 49 is s fun spot for Happy Hour, to meet friends or a date.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,9/10/2013,201,268,6,11,10>I think I'm falling in love with Grazzy Burgers and Albany Taproom. I could indulge myself here multiple times per week if budget allowed. There are amazing beers on tap. I'm talking edgy, eccentric, rare, hard-to-find or you haven't heard of beers. There are enough Belgiums to satisfy the Belgium/wheat lover (complete with Chimay  triple on tap, hellooooo!), several IPA's, Scottish Ales and sours. If by chance, there isn't a beer on the menu that tickles your fancy, the tap rotates and there's a bottle selection! If you don't know too much about beer, or know what you like, but have never seen half the brews listed, they offer samples.The Tap Room is connected to Grazzy Burgers. Most of the time, I'll sit in the Taproom and order from Grazzy Burgers. These burgers are delicious! The meat is just so good, nice and juicy. Top of list - the Lamb Merguez burger and the Mushroom Marsala burger.The milkshakes are also tempting. They are made from my favorite ice cream (Strauss!!) and have the Brown Sugar Banana flavor. The first one I had was a little runny, but the second and third and fourth have been spot-on. Then there's the potato chips made in a kettle style. So crispy and good. The beet salad is also excellent, and there's onion rings. The bar fries (different from the Grazzy Burger fries) have Persian inspired dipping sauces - harissa ketchup, a yogurt based one, and a sumak aioli. These fries are just a vehicle to get these sauces to my mouth, and actually the potato chips work even better. They also have house-made pickles which I think I'll try tonight ;) The kale chips are good for those wanting a lighter snack, but I'll stick with potato chips and harissa ketchup.Not all of the food is the best that it could be - the fries could be a little crispier, and out of 5 salads, only one (the Beet Salad) really appeals to me, but I can forgive these because everything else is awesome, and the Albany Taproom/Grazzy Burgers definitely filled a void in the Albany and El Cerrito area.Despite all of the awesome points above, the most outstanding feature is the owners. More often than not, I'll see one or the other here keeping an eye on everything and not pausing to step in and help serve when needed. This personalized touch seals the deal for me.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,9/9/2013,518,346,6,14,9>How have I not discovered this place before?!As a macaron fiend, I must, must try all macarons whenever possible. I've heard excellent things about Feel Good Bakery's macarons, so I paid a visit one weekend. One word: HEAVEN. I had the Vanilla Whiskey macaron and OH. MY. GOODNESS. It was orgasmic. It was out of this world. it was the best macaroon I have ever had! Including Bottega Louie in LA, including Bouchon in Vegas, including Miette in San Francisco.It is a tad expensive at $2 a pop, but you get what you pay for. And what you get is a quality, fresh, exquisitely-made macaron.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,9/8/2013,182,323,3,8,5>Who knew a dive bar could have such awesome food?? Portions and taste well exceeded my expectations. What we came for: PRIME RIB! I got the regular cut while my cousins got the extra cut...both were bigger than my face. You will definitely be nursing a food baby after you're done here. We all ordered our meat medium rare and they came out nice, tender, and juicy. I didn't know our sit-down dinner would be three courses--beef minestrone, green salad, and our main entrees (with a huge side of bread and butter too!). And the entrees also came with half a plate of pasta which made it a carbo loaded night. I will replace the pasta with more steamed veggies next time. What I want to try next time: calimari steak, cajun rubbed prime rib, and some of their drinks from the bar.This restaurant is small so larger groups will have a harder time fitting in (your entire party must be present to be seated). And cash only!Mac's Old House definitely feels like a family friendly place where all the locals hang out.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,9/7/2013,85,197,9,9,9>Solid four stars, yes you areCloser than In-N-Out, yup you're not that farI order your double 1/3 lb burger and I thinkI'm hungry, and I'll eat it in a blinkBut behold, I have met my matchI ordered this innocent burger and there was a catchWhen I opened it I wasn't expecting This behemoth of a burger that I'd soon be respectingIt's a monster, and that's a good thingBetter than any pizza or wingsI've found this sweet little mom and pops shopIn-N-Out, I'm sorry, I think you just got swappedOK, I really like this little mom and pop burger joint.  I ordered the double cheeseburger because I was hungry...and hungry means something different from a dude who has gained a lot of weight like me... it basically means i can PUT IT DOWN!  But this burger almost worked me.  Basically their double burger is HUGE, it's tasty, and it's messy.  Also ordered their chili cheese fries, and they use nacho cheese....what's there not to love.  So yeah, this place is a favorite spot now.  Thank you Giant Burger!  (Also, the owners are really sweet)
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,9/6/2013,248,124,4,10,5>Great options with matching prices!I've been to Bangkok Noodles & Thai BBQ on many different occasions--on a date, with a friend, and even by myself. All in all, it boils down to this: Bangkok Noodles is the total package. It's a well-rounded eatery with thoughtful decor, good food, and affordable prices. From the outside, its warm decor looks so much more appealing than its next door competition Thai Noodle. Of course, with really affordable prices, don't expect 5-star gourmet. This is more like 5-star starving-student-but-also-a-food-snob kind of prices. I came here for the lunch and ordered the "lunch set." Brilliant name, right? The set is available from 11AM to 4PM. It includes wonton soup, curry chicken satay, fried egg roll, and choice of entree. Entree options includes pad siew, pad thai, pad ki-maw, khao pad, and pad ga-prow. You also get a choice of meat: chicken, pork, beef or vegetarian. The wonton soup was in a clear broth (I'm assuming chicken) with green onions and garlic. It only had one wonton, but I didn't really expect much. It was surprisingly very tasty for something real basic. The chicken satay was grilled and dipped in a curry paste. The chicken was very dry, so I assume it was pre-cooked. I wasn't too big of a fan, but I did enjoy the curry paste. The fried egg roll was crispy on the outside which nicely contrasted the seasoned veggies and silver noodles in the inside. Lastly, I ordered the pad siew with beef as my main entree. It was good. Not stellar, but down right good. If you have a hankering for greasy noodles, this is the dish for you!I enjoyed the lunch set for its variety of tastes, which still maintaining the distinct Thai flavor. The curry provided a spice to contrast the wonton soup, which provided a nice warm broth to contrast the greasy noodles. So, if you're looking for a good Thai place in Berkeley at an affordable price, know that if you come to Bangkok Noodle & Thai BBQ, you don't have to sacrifice nice decor for affordability, and you will get some darn good Thai food.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,9/5/2013,406,300,4,7,5>I've plunged head first into the world of coffee, and I'm loving it. Now I can actually appreciate drinks like the cubano con leche. Beautiful steamed milk art, sweet and strong. I still prefer my coffee black and unadulterated, but I'll make an exception for the cubano because it's so fun. Love the chill vibe here and the bikes on the wall. They used to have a cool parklet outside, but I didn't see it out the last time I went. Maybe they've retired it? Or it's too expensive? I appreciated the extra seating.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,9/4/2013,132,150,12,11,8>I lived in LA's South Bay (mainly Torrance and Gardena)  for about a year, so I must humbly say that I've had my fair share of ramen and can, at the very least, distinguish the good from the bad. (BTW,growing-up in the bay, if you've ever wondered where all the Japanese-Am folks were in the continental US like I did - at least the majority of them - they're down there.)Food: I have to be frank, if I were to compare Sobo to the joints down in SoCal, this place might be around average. HOWEVER, being that it's the Bay, on top of that, the Eastbay, this place is a bonifide GEM. Yes, this primarily speaks to the disgraceful lack of decent ramen in one of the best known food centers in the country, but you don't understand how ecstatic I was to find that a Chinese-run ramen shop in the middle of Oakland's Chinatown had authentic tasting Japanese ramen. That alone justifies my 5-star rating. And trust you me, I don't hand those out to any ol' joe. In fact, this is my first one :/Service: I don't care. See above.Value: Doesn't matter. See above.Other: Irrelevant. See above.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,9/3/2013,331,587,6,13,11>Spruce is treat yo' self in its full glory. My gal pal and I came last Sunday for their soft opening, and I left with radiant skin and shiny nails, both of which have prettified my week.Amanda is an excellent esthetician, and even though I only had a mini-facial during the opening night, my skin still feels great. She was full of knowledge about different products and I enjoyed her all-natural approach. Stephanie did our nails in the back room, and was an absolute delight to talk to, and was a wiz at sprucing up our fingers while we reclined in cool designer chairs. The spa itself is really welcoming since it's in a re-purposed home it feels comfortable and hospitable. I left with a glow from my evening of pampering, and think that this place would make anyone shine.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,9/2/2013,190,446,4,3,4>An expensively good time! The Claremont is full-priced luxury. My first visit here was my wedding night. Vavavavoom! This was great! Full priced good time. My other visit was for one of those high school reunions. You know, one for that woman from the wedding night? Ya, her class decided to spend their wealth here. Break out the credit card folks! Buy one drink here and tell me I'm wrong.As it turns out, they did a wonderful job. Yes, it's expensive, but the services along with the views are just top notch. It's a beautiful and historic place to celebrate anything that's important to you.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,9/1/2013,188,238,4,8,5>Hold the phone, y'all! I FINALLY found my dim sum spot in the East Bay. This is a momentous day in Yelp history as I've been searching far and wide (oooh just sneaked that Pokemon theme song in there) for a restaurant to satisfy my yum cha cravings. Asian Pearl has fresh and great quality dim sum. I came with my mama right when they opened on a Sunday morning. This place gets packed around 11am and people have to get numbers. So come before 11 to guarantee you'll get seated with no waiting. This is what we ordered, and don't judge us! We have big stomachs, but refined taste buds. *Har gow (shrimp dumplings) - the wrap was a mess. It was a bit too thick and moist, and fell apart when you picked it up so the shrimp filling fell out. However, the shrimp was tasty and they're pretty big dumplings.*Siu mai (shrimp and pork dumplings) - this was excellent! They don't skimp on the shrimp and it's not fatty pork. The pork to shrimp ratio was nice and the meat was very juicy. I hate dry siu mai. *Honeycomb tripe - a bit spicy and the tripe was too chewy. We won't order this again because there's not much to this dish and we had lots of small pieces.  *Chicken feet - my mama loves her chicken feet. Unfortunately, she said it was just OK, nothing special, which is disappointing because this is Asian Pearl's signature dim sum dish.*Ham sui gok (deep-fried pork dumpling) - one of my staple dim sum dishes! Crispy with a solid amount of pork filling. Their crust was crunchy, sweet, and chewy. Perfect! But I would've liked it to be a bit thicker. They use a lot of Chinese five spice in the dumplings which I love, and it gives the dumplings an extra kick. *Deep-fried taro puffs - again, same as the ham sui gok: crispy outer layer stuffed with yummy goodness inside. Also, had a lot of Chinese five spice flavor. The taro and pork filling was densely packed and not too moist so the puff didn't fall apart.  *Seafood rolls - we saw the table next to us eat these rolls so we wanted to try them. It's shrimp and imitation crab meat wrapped with a napa cabbage leaf. It looked fansay and interesting but it tastes exactly like a shrimp dumpling. I think we'll skip it next time since the shrimp dumplings are better.*Baked durian puffs - THE staple dim sum dish for me. I live and breathe for durian, and this is the best durian puff I've had outside of Hong Kong/China. The shell is warm and crispy and the durian filling is amazing. Real, legit, authentic durian flavor and it's not excessively sweet. My mom and I agreed, this was our favorite dish. It comes out on the carts but I was impatient and asked them to special order it so I got my durian puff before everyone else! It's pricey, $5.80 for three puffs but well worth it.I'll come with more people next time so I can try even more dim sum! LOL, I know it seems like we ate a lot for just two people. Service here is actually fantastic for Chinese restaurant standards. Everything is clean and the interior is classy. I think we'll come later in the morning...probably right before 11. We noticed that a lot of the dishes that we ordered looked a lot fresher and bigger during the later rotations of dim sum. It's expensive compared to other dim sum spots or Chinatown but the quality and quantity speak for the price. I'm so excited I found my dim sum restaurant! WOOHOO!
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,8/31/2013,92,210,5,6,5>Love love love their fried chicken sandwiches! A huge piece of delicious fried chicken with a mound of their fresh coleslaw, sandwiched between a yummy torpedo roll. The coleslaw itself is very unique, and the main reason I really enjoy the sandwich! It's not creamy like normal coleslaw (no mayo), but rather very crisp and healthy tasting! However, they have a lot of parsley in it, so if you don't like the taste of parsley, you might not like it as much. And beware, the coleslaw has jalapenos in it so it's also a lil spicy! They also sell yummy lemon ice drinks, and homemade cookies and strawberry shortcake for dessert! The only downside is that it costs over $10 now just for the sandwich! They also offer fried tofu for vegetarians, but they only make a limited amount each day, so come early or they might sell out!
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,8/30/2013,216,408,8,16,8>Dude. Filipino food in the Tri-Valley? Finally.I came here to eat with co-workers and was blown away by the authenticity and quality of the food that is served here. (I'm Filipino so this is saying A LOT)I ordered the Topsilog which is a sweet pork and it came with garlic rice and a fried egg. The portion was perfect and I was full upon leaving.Filipino treat line the walls and register--I noticed Polvoron and dried mango, two of my favorites but I'm not sure how good those brands are?The seating is family-style and tables inside a small place, but very quaint which makes me feel like I'm at home.Come here if you want the Filipino food experience or are new to even trying Filipino food. You won't be disappointed, I promise!
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2013,8/29/2013,309,479,2,6,6>Heard about this new bakery in the Uptown area and decided to give it a try for brunch.  As you walk in this corner restaurant, you notice that is large and airy with its high ceilings.  It is also bright from the natural light coming in from the large windows on both sides of the restaurant.  Sweet Bar offers fresh baked artisan pastries using organic, fair trade and local ingredients.  They also serve paninis, flatbreads, soups and salads.  But we opted for the delicious bakery goods in their display case.  They were sold out of the egg sandwich on panini, so we had:Bacon frittata - a tasty frittata.  How can you not like anything with bacon? (yelp.com/biz_photos/swee…)Leek egg tart - a flaky tart with a nice leek egg filling.  (yelp.com/biz_photos/swee…)Orange cardamom coffee cake - not too sweet and it had the right amount of crumble for a coffee cake. (yelp.com/biz_photos/swee…)Coffee - very strong coffee from Mr. Espresso Oak Wood Roasted Coffee.  (yelp.com/biz_photos/swee…)Overall, very nice bakery/restaurant.  Nice atmosphere with background music at the right volume.  There is plenty of seating consisting of 15 bar seats, 7 tables and 1 communal table for 10.  Delicious bakery items and good strong coffee.  Would be back to try some of their other offerings in the future.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  Oh, they have free strong wi-fi network too.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,8/28/2013,216,493,6,10,6>Chunky Pig is a popcorn.SAAYYY WHAATT?!?!The name doesn't have anything to do with popcorn.  But after you taste it, you'll know it belongs together.Contemporary, innovative, smokey, salty, porky, bacon flavor infused into caramelized popcorn.  The flavors were odd with my first bite but I began to crave for it more with each handful I shoved into my mouth.  It's a tasty treat to add into your snack-able pantry.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,8/27/2013,77,335,3,5,5>Surprised by what this little cafe dishes out...They made a mean cappuccino!  It was the perfect amount of foam that lingered till the last sip and an aroma of coffee that was strong enough to wake me up from a groggy morning.  Now the crepe... I ordered the "Classic" which was recommended by the waitress - she said it's the most popular so I couldn't pass that up!  It was a savory crepe filled with mushrooms, spinach, chicken and mozzarella.  It looked quite small (my greediness speaking), but it hit the spot.  I was hoping to get red sauce on the crepe, but it came with a small topping of pesto - which ended up being delish anyway.  It also came with a side salad (you can choose from pasta, salad, fruit, or soup... they ran out of soup during my day).  Overall, I'm so glad I chose the "Classic" - it was a refreshing brunch.The cafe was clean and filled with locals by the late afternoon.  I'd definitely want to try more flavors next time.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,8/26/2013,299,545,3,9,8>One of my favorite spots in Oakland! I came here for the first time during Hiero Day and experienced those "perfect verse[s] over a tight beat". As expected, the bar was packed, but it had a nice outdoor patio to get some fresh air. It is conveniently located near Telegraph so you can continue your barhop venture and there is ample amount of street parking nearby. Recently I came for Reggae Sundays, which is free before 11PM; otherwise, the cover charge is $10. The New Parish is the place to be on Sundays! If you enjoy Reggae, you definitely won't be disappointed. The last hour they tend to play more pop music, which is when we decided to leave. I cannot wait to come back here! Spacious, good vibes, chill people, awesome bartenders. *Note: The credit card minimum is $15, so bring cash if you do not anticipate spending that amount on drinks.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,8/25/2013,193,290,4,8,8>There is some unposted rule about how Berkeley natives are supposed to have grown up basically nursing from the nectars of the Thai Temple. I guess I was bottle fed because I only visited the mecca once in high school.The recent ROTD on Yelp reminded me of Wat Youtalkinboutwillis and I decided to go on an overcast Sunday morning. The golden rule at this place is "Thou shalt arrive before 10 AM if you want to have more than a prayer to fill your belly" and I was devout.I am smitten by the coconut, rice flour and scallion pancake things. They're Dutch pancakes - the little, silver dollar sized fat ones. They're insane. You're insane if you don't start by loading your tupperware (bring from home!) with an order of these. If you want to ball hard, get the cinnamon ones, too.The vegetarian yellow curry was great and filling, and the Thai iced tea was authentic tasting. I brought the mango and sticky rice home and basically all of these items held me over for an entire day's worth of meals. Expect to spend about $20 if you want to do the full-on sample fest.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,8/24/2013,382,382,7,11,10>Harvey, give me a break...no actually just give me a donut!Visted Harvey's Gourmet Mini Donuts at the Treasure Island Flea Market and was blown away by the delicousness of these fresh, tasty, customized treats.  Harvey, with a little help from his staff and his trusty donut machine (which I learned is about 20 years old) makes these mini donuts, fresh for your order served up in a paper cone.  I got to try a cinnamon and sugar donut which melted in my mouth and made me consider going back to get a whole cone to myself!Can't wait to hit up Harvey for his Maple glazed bacon mini-donuts...Yelp 100 Challenge: 44/100, pictures #52/100
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,8/23/2013,742,648,9,12,12>Seriously blown away! Out of this world pizza, friendly service and a small but neato craft beer selection. At first glance the place seems super small and restricted to a few bar seats but the long stairwell by the entrance will lead you right into a large dining room complete with tv's, a pool table and darts. I could totally see us drinking a bunch of killer brews up there while we wait for our pizza. Oh wait, that's exactly what we did. Super chill factor. Porchetta Pizza - This is the pizza to get. Its fatty rich spicy porkiness became more addictive with every bite. The acidity of the salsa verde helped to cut through the richness of the sweet meat, I could eat a bowl of this stuff. The crust was thin and chewy with a slight crispiness that reminds me of some of the best pizzas Ive tried. This one was definitely up there, top 5 pizzas for sure. The parking over there was kind of tricky for us (was during lunch hour) but if you're lucky you'll snag a spot right in front.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2013,8/22/2013,82,83,12,13,12>Dear India Palace,Look I'm being all serious and honest here.You are the best Indian place in Alameda. Ok Ok, so there is only maybe 2 indian places in Alameda, but look at my eyes - I mean every word of it.Of course I'm mainly thinking about the Brunch Buffet. There I can say you are probably the BEST indian buffet I've had (and I've had a quite a few!). That's a statement I don't make lightly. If you provided garlic naan, and the naan was frequently fresh out of the oven, it would be perfect, but your meat choices & curries are pretty solid for a buffet.Other places, the meat is dry or the sauce pretty americanized and generic. Or the meat is sparse.. but not you. It's meaty, it's juicy.. I as well as my friends always comment how well the chicken was made. Soft & Juicy as it should be. I can't remember the name of any of the dishes as always, but for 10.95, brunch on saturday morning is a winner.Oh and the 10% off for cash (if over $25).. sneaky, but hey I always pay cash here to get a little off.Your service is always excellent. Quick to refill my water and take away my plates so I don't fill guilty when the plates pile up like in other places. The only thing I didn't like is how sometimes the service guy who stands near the buffet line watches me getting the food. I feel like.. I should be more reserved.. but maybe that's the idea!I've also come for dinner and I'm sure it was good... just can't recall much since Indian food by nature induces instant coma afterwards... might be  good idea to plan a nice walk after.I also like how you are located in a victorian home. Fits right in with Alameda.My stomach hurts! Darn you! Is this what they call a love-hate relationship?
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,8/21/2013,833,1145,4,8,12>Make Westing is about the coolest bar in Downtown Oakland, which is why if you come any later than 8pm, this place is packed to the fullest. The best time to go is from 4 to 6pm anyway, because it's also happy hour. Happy hour is $2 off cocktails and $3 beers? It's so worth it. Where can you get $3 draft and $6 handcrafted cocktails nowadays? The draft line up is respectable, all California breweries and some locals too. They also have a $3 PBR tallboy. The cocktails are really where it's at. You'd think the alcoholic lemonade was the lightest cocktail on the menu, but the Williamsburg Lemonade was really stiff. Scotty's Lament was not so much, but delicious nonetheless, garnished with a raspberry, blackberry, and cucumber even. And then there's the garden gimlet which is everyone's favorite, but I think all the drinks on the menu are winners. Aside from the drinks, the second greatest apeal of this bar is the indoor bocce ball courts. There's only 2 lanes, so don't get your hopes up, but come early and it's not so difficult. Also, get the habanero and cilantro popcorn!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,8/20/2013,503,1251,5,16,9>WELCOME TO MONUMENT, OK CAFE! I LIKE THE NEW LOOK!!!Oh so much food! What a yummy lunch in Concord. This former donut shop turned Chinese Restaurant is brand spanking new! Go check them out and then thank me. Friendly service and a great experience with surprisingly really low prices. Especially for the amount of food youre getting.We started our lunch today with Wor Wonton soup. After a large serving of the warm goodness, we moved on to pulled pork sandwiches on fried sweet buns. The slider-like sandwiches had cilantro and cucumber with plum sauce for the pork. Very good! The bread was excellent and the owner told us they are the only sandwiches with this style bread in the East Bay. For entrees we started with pan fried noodles. The crispy noodles had a nicely flavored sauce and lots of veggies and pork and fresh seafood. The noodles were so good! We'd never ordered this before. Broccoli beef and cashew chicken are dishes typically seen when we dine with my family and they both made an appearance today as well. They were each good in their own way. Not overly seasoned but a nice proportion of flavor. I actually didn't add any hot oil to my dishes like usual, though my mom put some on her steamed rice and enjoyed it. My favorite dish was the salt and pepper fish. The fish was really nicely breaded with a thin and flavorful breading. On top were crispy, tiny cubes of fried onion bits and jalapeno slices. Holy heaven. I LOVE jalapenos. And I love crispy fried onion bits. The combination with the tender fish was excellent. All of the plates were piled high with food so we were pretty full at the end, but I couldn't stop eating the topping that was on the fish. Definitely my favorite. They serve shaved ice with fresh fruit flavors (and donuts) but we skipped dessert this time. Good excuse to come back. The brand new kitchen sure looked clean. The owner mentioned they're still so new they're trying to find the right chef. I hope they keep the guy today. He was OK Cafe by me!
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,8/19/2013,563,337,8,12,11>Could this be the home of the best chicken and waffles in the bay area?.... So finger licking good that they had to call it the "Demon Lover."  I recommend getting this dish with the syrup AND gravy on the side.  You will thank me later.Other memorable dishes include the savory pulled pork shoulder sandwich called "The Piggy," the always popular "Grayson Burger," and classic but tasty "Tomboy" (poached eggs, Fuji apples, corned beef hash, potatoes, and toast). Wash it all down with the tantalizing soju inspired cocktails or the cool and refreshing watermelon lemonade fresco (delectable refreshments created in house) and you will understand why this place is rated a solid 4 stars out of 1000+ reviews.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,8/18/2013,164,507,,15,8>We've been to this place twice in the last four days.  We would have gone more times had they been open Sunday and Monday.  On both occasions we arrived a little after 5pm, wait times were reasonable.  We have tried five different dishes, and ALL of them were excellent.  I am not a salad eater, but I totally enjoyed the Nuer Num Thoke.  I like the idea of grilled beef slice in my salad.  On our second visit, my husband wanted to try a different salad, so we ordered the Nam Kao. OMG!!! The Nam Kao is now my favorite salad ever.  The deep fried rice ball with sour pork was deliciously crunchy.  The lettuce and mint leaves were so green and fresh. The salad was so perfect it did not need any other dressing.We also tried two of their noodle dishes..the Pad Kee Mao and Kao Piak.  The Pad Kee Mao was stir-fried, the noodles were al dente, the seasoning was perfect.  The Kao Piak, on the the other hand, was a noodle soup.  My husband said the aroma and flavor reminded him of the Philippines' arroz caldo.  If you have someone in your party who is not very adventurous when it comes to food, the Moo Young is a safe choice.  It is a charbroiled boneless pork loin served with sweet and sour sauce.  I liked this dish so much I ordered it on our two visits.  I plan to order it again and again and again.We wanted to order fried bananas on our first visit, but they ran out of bananas.  I was tempted to give them 4 stars.  I decided to hold off on writing a review because I honestly thought they deserve 5 stars considering the flavor, quality, and price of their food.  They did have fried bananas on our next visit.  It was a perfect ending to our meal.  Sue's Kitchen is now my favorite Thai place.  I do hope they stay in business a long time.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,8/17/2013,370,470,9,9,11>I guess Fergie isn't the only person who can add "licious" to their name. She looks good, but Adobolicious tastes great! Without anything to eat around the house, I was ready to pass out. Then suddenly looking at a friend's Facebook post, it was a picture of a sisig burrito from Adobolicious. I had my mind made up to go to Adobolicious for dinner. Since I didn't want to dine alone, I called in my order to speed up the ordering process for take out. I was politely greeted over the phone and placed my order. On top of my sisig burrito order, I also placed an order of their adobo burger. Thanks to browsing Yelp while I was on the phone.  This order was to take about 10 to 15 minutes.When I arrived at the restaurant 15 minutes later, it was not busy at all. I was greeted by the owners and told them I had a to go order to pickup. They were very cool and had my order ready. I paid for my order and headed home to eat my meal.The adobo burger and super sisig burrito were kept hot with their to go containers. First up was the adobo burger. The beef patty seasoned with adobo flavoring was cooked medium well. It was juicy and brought an old American classic burger with a Filipino twist to life! The burger was topped with American cheese, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions  and cucumber. It also came with a side of fries.Next up, the super sisig burrito. The meat choices for sisig you can choose from are chicken or pork. I got pork,  the traditional meat for sisig. With the pork  was wrapped with sour cream and garlic fried rice. On the side there was a side of pico de gallo with mango, cheese and salsa. The sisig was tender and the rice was nicely cooked with  the garlic. The pico de gallo paired very well with the  burrito, giving the burrito a creamy and sweet taste from the sour cream, cheese, and mango.This place has more fusion food as well as traditional Filipino food here. I would like a chance to try out their buffet. I for sure need to come back to checkout Adobolicious other menu items.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,8/16/2013,186,96,5,6,8>Awesome pizza that rivals Cheeseboard. And so much closer to campus, whaaaaat?Berkeley has made me truly appreciate pizza - how could cheese + bread + toppings be so damn good?! I fell in love with Cheeseboard in 2010, and I thought that my search for perfect pizza was done. I was wrong. Sliver, you are like the sexier twin brother I never knew existed. Plenty of seats, nice modern design, TVs streaming Cal games, a bar, and live music - I'm sorry Cheeseboard, but Sliver's got you beat.I can't say that the taste is better than Cheeseboard. It tastes relatively the same to me, but I've only been here once. I definitely want to come back here soon to try the other pizza flavors. The workers here are really, really friendly, so A+ for great service.I still love Cheeseboard. If you haven't gone yet, still go - the vibe at Cheeseboard is a bit different from Sliver. Both really great pizza places, but Sliver's a great place to go if you live on Southside.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,8/15/2013,297,409,5,7,7>Today was my first visit to Cafe Gratitude. Finally! I've been meaning to check out this place for quite some time now. It's a 100% organic vegan restaurant. Amazing!I tried the daily special, I AM CELEBRATING. It consists of brown rice, black beans, cashew crema, guacamole, tomato salsa, cilantro, coconut bacon, and grilled plantains. It was lovely. I scarfed the whole thing down in no time. To drink, I had I AM WORTHY: kale, beet, celery, apple, and ginger. It was very heavy on the ginger, which I loved. I prefer my juices a little bit sweeter, and the last few sips were a little grainy. Otherwise, it was spectacular. I'm definitely an enthusiastic fan of raw organic juices. I AM WHOLE: I ordered this to-go for my mom. It comes with "sea vegetables and kale, steamed quinoa or local brown rice, house made kim chee, carrots, and sprouts with tahini-garlic sauce and teriyaki almonds".  She let me have a few bites, and it was delicious. I loved the sauce.I'm not really a fan of the communal seating, especially when I'm dining alone. It makes me feel more self conscious and awkward. I had to listen to a father and daughter having lunch. They did not smile or say hello, so I didn't either. Terces and Matthew Engelhart seem like such lovely, warm-hearted people. If I ever have any extra money, I'd love to go to one of their home-cooked dinners at Be Love Farm. Happy sidenote: my mother recently told me that she wants to be a vegan as well! I'm looking forward to showing her more of what veggie dining is all about.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,8/14/2013,65,390,4,10,8>I would have never known this place was here unless someone had told me!  I see some other people found it through Yelp, but that is another equally valid way of finding a local establishment.I walked in ~5:40 pm on a Friday night to meet up with some co-workers and the place was jumping!  I guess stopping in at the local taproom after work on a Friday is a popular thing to do, who knew!Anyway, I told the bartender, who I later find out was the brew-master, what kind of beers I preferred and he poured me the Nico, a wheat beer.  To note, the Nico is smooth and tasty, but does not taste like a hefeweizen type of what beer.  I believe it is the lightest they have on tap.  They have a few IPA's and a few dark beers in addition to the Nico and according to the brew-master the darker side of the beer spectrum is their specialty.  One of my co-workers got the flight and liked all of the beers and said the IPA is very smooth and not a monster hop fest like some other places.   While hearing some chatter about the different beers my ear perked up with the words "chocolate orange" and I asked if I could have a taste.  The chocolate orange is a much higher ABV and is brewed with cocoa nibs, sweet!  Normally I'm not a fan of dark beers because they are too bitter but this was nice and smooth plus tasted a lot like chocolate.Some other fun facts:The name Schubros is from some of the owners the Schuster brothers.They sell growlers, either a slip top or screw top.  The screw top looks suspiciously like a huge Kleen Canteen (because it is).   The owners sawed all those 2 x 4 ends on the back wall themselves and glued them to a piece of plywood and attached it to the wallThe blackboard is actually framed wall with blackboard paintThey sell bottles at the local CostcoThey sell cases on siteThey give you pretzels and peanutsThe counter has purse hooks, or maybe murse hooks for you guysThe counter has a lower height section, I would guess this is for disabled access or wheelchairs so you can sit at a comfortable height.The bar is BYOF - bring your own foodEverything on the board (beer) is $6Anyway, nice little place with good beer.   There people working were friendly and willing to chat when they were not slammed with customers.  The bartender / brew-master also mentioned there are a number of pizza places and other food establishments in the local area if you want some pizza with your beer.I'm sure this place will quickly become more popular.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,8/13/2013,610,620,5,5,7>Marinated meats & huge shrimps! The Vineyard (burgundy wine) tri-tip is divine. It adds just enough seasoning to enhance the flavor of the meat, without over powering it.  The Mt. Diablo chicken has a sweet and tangy flavor. It's the perfect combination of sugar, salt and spice.  If you are a BBQ virgin, this is the way to go! You really can't go wrong. The meats marinate long enough that even if you leave them on for a little bit too long, they retain moisture and still taste fantastic.  My only tip would be to bring cash, sometimes the registers have trouble processing cards.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,8/12/2013,1948,4780,14,15,16>The Temescal Alley is Like a Box of Chocolates - You Never Know What You're Going to Get.One case in point is Marisa Haskell Design. It's an impressively beautiful little jewelry shop with some nice artistic touches and a separate but equally attractive Web Site. Marisa's style seems to have a graceful Southwest/Bohemian aesthetic that often features stringed together pieces that have a certain layered style that could be worn at least a few different ways. This space is also her shop, so I'm sure that individual variations are possible. This stuff is definitely up Gayle's alley, so I'll need to be careful.....
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,8/11/2013,579,194,6,11,10>Hiking for an avocado bacon burger!Today, I had my first Sparky's experience and it was delicious. My friend and I always met here before we carpooled up to Redwood Regional Park for our hikes. After our 3 mile hike we decided to have lunch at Sparky's. My friend raved about their avocado burger and I was determined to get a salad. I didn't want to ruin my diet which never seems to start but who the hell was I fooling?! Niman ranch beef or a wild salmon salad. There was no competition! We split the half pound avocado burger with a side of curly fries and soft drinks (comes with one refill). This was the best diet I can compromise at the moment; half a burger versus a whole one to myself.I loved every bite and wanted another burger to myself afterwards but resisted all temptation. I can't promise I won't be back after my next hike. Hehehehe
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,8/10/2013,235,89,49,22,16>Y'all already know how it is with me, I'm always on top of my boba game. Get it right, ain't nobody else about this boba life!I've been counting the days for this Purple Kow to open up since they announced that they would in April, and it's about time they came through. They had me waiting like Christina Perri for a thousand years. Perfect timing too because I was going through a tough break-up with Sheng Kee.They literally just opened today and like most soft openings, they're backed up. It's gonna take them a minute to get things rolling, but one thing's for sure - that massive line is there and out the door. The staff here are the cutest little sweethearts, but they're hella slow. What the hell are they doing behind that wall, milking the kows?!? They should be workin' at Sweetheart instead because they can't keep up with the Mad Purple Kow disease that's about to take over Berkeley. It's Gucci though, I'm gonna give them some time to work on their skills because they're clearly new to the boba business.They have a cute side menu of their popular drinks, which is always helpful with the 50 kabillion drinks to choose from on the main menu. The interior is more or less similar to the one in SF, but this location is bigger and has two floors. I've run into a couple friends here and their drinks took about half an hour each, so that itself should give you an idea of what to expect. I waited in line for about 25 minutes and had to wait another 15 for my order. The wait time will vary slightly depending on how fast things are moving, but either way, this probably isn't the best place to get a quick drink 15 minutes before your next class.For once, as a boba critic, I have no complaints. Real tea, real boba, real drinks. Realer than Kim Kardashian. I need to get this place boba-certified. I had the D3 - Purple Kow Iced Milk Tea w/ caramel, pudding, and boba - and it was ON HIT. I love a lot of drinks at Purple Kow, but this one is my all-time favorite. Like Miley Cyrus, I couldn't stop. I downed it faster than Ke$ha can chug a gallon of Jack. I'mma tell you this right now, this is the #1 place for boba in Berkeley. Forget the other boba shops, this is where it's at. Two thumbs up, five stars, and my entire life savings!You better call up all your friends and their cousins and ask if they want anything from Purple Kow because the wait is longer than a Justin Timberlake song and you best make your time count while you're here. Might as well set up camp to be first in line when they open, otherwise you'll be standing around 'til closing!
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,8/9/2013,167,237,21,21,19>I came.I saw.I had The Greyhound.I had The Greyhound eight more times.I'm in love.Before The Kleef, I was completely against The Greyhound, because of it's bitter taste on my tongue. But, a couple nights ago with a friend, I came here to try their spin on it. I needed to know why people kept talking about it so damn much.NOW I KNOW WHY.There truly is a difference between the canned grapefruit juice most bars use and the fresh squeezed stuff that Kleef slings. It seriously is that good. So good that I came back the next night...and stayed till 2am...and was late to work the next day.Oh and it's only $7.So...go already.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2013,8/8/2013,846,705,8,9,9>I heart wine therefore I heart Rock Wall! :)Located in Alameda amongst all these different warehouse buildings, Rock Wall has an amazing view of SF. Just gorgeous skyline of the beautiful city across the bay. I've been here on two occasions: the Romancer Wedding Showcase and Art & Wine Event today and they were both lovely. There's like three different areas at Rock Wall-- the warehouse building, the cabin area/tasting room (i think), and the dome. The dome is soo neato! Cause it's half white & half clear covering so you can see outside thru the clearness. Oh and also, there's the patio area where people can sit outside on the different tables or lounging furniture. Just to enjoy the outside vibe and weather. Mmm..their wine is delish! They offer many different kinds whether you're into red, white, or rosé. I bet the view is even more amazing here at night; I can see why couples would book this place as their wedding venue. Hehe.. Their logo is gorgeous with the font & the skyline outline; I love it. But my most favorite thing at Rock Wall has got to be their ball of corks inside the dome. Very unique idea of using corks to make something pretty. Definitely a DIY project for me in the future! ;)
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,8/7/2013,287,1009,5,12,8>Simply put, this place is amazing. The fact that a one-man joint can be open for five hours (or thereabout) a night and the owner is able to predict when your pizza will be ready--to the minute when you call three hours ahead to order--is impressive in my book. Getting the pizza can be frustrating, but with a bit of time, persistence and following instructions, you too can be on your way to pizza nirvana. This is not a sit down place. You must phone in your order. Be prepared for a three hour wait. The phone line opens at a certain time and you will be given a pick up time three hours after you place your order. My husband called at 4:30 and our order was ready at 7:30 on the dot. We arrived around 7:20 and the owner/operator informed us that our pizza will be ready in 10 minutes. True to his word, we came back right at 7:30 and it was ready to go. This man runs things to the minute. Is pizza worth jumping through hoops? The answer is for Emilia's, it's completely worth it.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,8/6/2013,135,216,6,11,10>Beaver Creek Smokehouse is the newest addition to Downtown Martinez. I visited on their opening day, Friday 7/13 for dinner. The owner, Rob Z previously did BBQ competitions, before opening up the restaurant. For $10, you get a meat, a side, and a bottled water or can of soda. Beer or wine are extra, but are available.The Meat- Choices are: Ribs, Pulled Pork, Brisket, Half Chicken, and Chicken Salad.The sides- Choices are: Potato Salad, Cole Slaw, Baked BeansI ordered the pulled pork sandwich, potato salad and a soda. YUM! The buns they use are delivered daily from a bakery in Lafayette. The pulled pork was so tender and delicious! The potato salad was really good too - it complemented the sandwich well.My cousin ordered the chicken salad sandwich, cole slaw and a soda. The chicken salad was SO good. It was light, but filling. The slaw is asian inspired, and has no mayo. There are bottles of homemade BBQ sauce on each table: mild and zippy. If you have a sweet tooth, order the Bread Pudding for dessert.The decor of the restaurant is clean, modern, with just a touch of "shabby chic." They have a large patio area where diners can enjoy being outside. I'd love to see a live band back there someday. Overall, a great addition to Main Street, and somewhere I'll be stopping by whenever I'm in the MTZ.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,8/5/2013,1894,532,4,7,11>Best Mexican food this side of the Bay! Fresh grilled meats and handmade tortillas right before your very eyes as you wait drooling in anticipation. For $7 I got 3 asada tacos with queso and guacamole. It was everything I was expecting and more! They make fresh guac not that pureed liquidy sauce and pile it on so you get some in every bite. The asada is very filling and nicely marinated too! Each taco comes with two corn tortillas like any other authentic taqueria, and is made by one of the ladies in the restaurant at the back table. With a big bowl of corn tortilla dough, an old fashioned press, and a mini grill she makes each tortilla by hand one at a time. It was fascinating to watch her craftsmanship because before that I had only seen the huge machine they use at Chevy's. Their salsa bar only has one option, red salsa, as well as limes and a couple other toppings. The red salsa is definitely one of my favs and it's self serve! I almost wish I could bring an empty jar to fill up instead of their individual 2 oz. sauce containers. It's the perfect consistency and not too spicy, which is great for my sensitive palate. I would come here every day if I could! Definitely give it a try if you enjoy Mexican fare.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,8/4/2013,342,502,6,8,9>Never had anything here I didn't like except their sausage. I think it's safe to say that if you go with the waffles or pancakes or fried chicken, you will not be disappointed. And this is coming from someone who rarely eats waffles, pancakes, or fried chicken. So I guess that either means I haven't eaten enough to know what I'm talking about...or that the food at Ole's is just that good. I'd like to think it's the latter.Some honorable mentions include the Tammy's omelet, their fresh-squeezed orange juice, hot sour dough toast, and bacon. Yes, I said it, bacon. I hate bacon. The only places where I can eat the bacon is here and at the buffet at the Wynn in Las Vegas. Again, take that as you will. But I'd like to think it means that Ole's is legit.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,8/3/2013,3617,1853,13,22,22>Spiesekammer is a Bavarian jewel of a restaurant, wiengarten and beer bar just off the main drag of Alameda, Park Street. It has a quaint front facade, with picnic benches outside in the front, perfect for those Oktoberfest days coming up, which here in NorCal, combine with the Indian summer warmth. Inside it is larger than it appears, with a good size bar with at least 15 German beers on tap! And plenty of tables where you can eat or drink. Then there is another open room on the left of the entry, and farther back yet another good sized room. The bar has a shelf in front of it near the ceiling, where a long line of various Bier Steins are proudly presented. They have live music regularly. We came on a Wednesday night, which is the night all the local Germans come to drink and talk story. I saw someone even in their Lederhosen, too. The restaurant serves German food, but also some surprising nightly specials. The owners, Peter and Cindy, owned a German restaurant in San Francisco and also the Cafe du Nord. So 11 years ago they combined forces and opened up this place. We came too late for food (about 10 pm is when we arrived) but we enjoyed our drinks. I had a wonderful unpasteurized, unfiltered beer they had on tap, call Zwick'l KellerBier. It was light, fluffy, flavorful, with a hint of nuts. It was served in a very tall porcelain stein. Really tasty and refreshing at the same time. If you are German or middle European, you will feel very at home here with its warm ambiance, great service, and German decor. And of course there is the great Bier!
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,8/2/2013,162,240,4,7,5>Wow!The best word to describe my over all experience here was WOW!If you have not been here, it is truly a MUST in the East Bay. This place not only has history but is a total package.We had great seats at the bar right behind the dueling pianos. Their pianist Travis was superb! Both pianist captivated the audience and the songs played were such great upbeat versions that even if you weren't drinking you could easily sing out loud to them :)We sang a variety of songs, from Top of the World by the Carpenters to Dancing Queen by ABBA. Such a great evening!!!On top of the great dueling pianists their drinks and foods were very top notch. We had ordered practically all of their foods from the appetite menus. The best was the garlic cheese pizza and the fish tacos! Goes hand in hand with their yummy drinks!The whole evening was fun and exciting!Over all, the number one reason as to why you should try this place out when you are in Danville is because the place is very welcoming and has such a homely feeling. One of the owners, Ashley Fox was sweet and she introduced herself to the people throughout the night and actually made real conversations with all of us. I found this gesture from her very sincere. If ever I am in the neighborhood I will be visiting this place again!Happy drinking!Toodles~
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,8/1/2013,457,309,2,6,5>After having some wine tastings around Oakland, my friends and I came here for a much needed lunch.Oakland Grill is a diner surrounded by produce warehouse type buildings.  I found it because it was only a couple blocks away from me and because it had such great ratings on Yelp.The service was very accommodating and also very quick!  We had a large group and people joined in late as well, and the servers were super nice and helpful in adding tables to our group and taking our orders etc.The food itself was amazing.  In our group of about 12-14, everyone was raving about their dish!  The sandwiches, the burgers, the breakfast food, all great.  It just tastes like a good ol' fashioned diner done right.On a side note, I met this guy (a chef!) in Thailand who had lived in the Bay, and when I mentioned I lived in Jack London Square area, his first question was if the Oakland Grill was still there!  This just attests to how great this place is.  Check it out if you like greasy spoon diner style food.  Yum.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,7/31/2013,732,444,9,10,8>Um. I love this place. I want to hang out here all the time. Every weekend and after work every day. Which begs the question... why don't I???They have a great beer selection - try the stout that tastes like a "deconstructed s'more." Like the kind you used to enjoy around the campfire when you'd go camping with Dad every summer. It actually tastes like graham crackers, marshmallows and chocolate. Don't like beer? Drink wine! You can get cozy inside on the couches or spread out on the porch outside. We kinda desperately wanted a heater, but you can't have it all. Le sigh. There's a separate smoking room for people who want to light up after buying tobacco at the counter, and you have the option of purchasing a cane (with or without a lion handle) if you so desire. That's right, a cane. The one I wanted was $100 so I had to  leave her behind. Sob.Just be careful and don't tell the bartender that you want to "try" a beer - apparently they don't do tastes here, because "trying" a beer means you're purchasing a pint. "Try" three and, like me, you can beg the cute, sober, blonde guy for a ride home.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,7/30/2013,783,516,10,15,11>Champa Garden is one of my favorite restaurants in Oakland. It's a common destination for me and my friends because we can eat like pigs and only chip in $15 at the end of the meal. We always order the fried rice ball salad and the ginger fish. We'll pick other random things off the menu based on cravings and I've never been disappointed by anything. From papaya salad, tom yum soup, pad see ew and all kinds of curry, I'm sure there is something for everyone here, especially because they usually let you choose the type of protein for each dish (chicken, tofu, pork, beef). When you first drive to the restaurant, you might be confused about its location because it's in a random residential area. Also, the interior is nothing special. We just come for the inexpensive and delicious eats.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,7/29/2013,341,458,8,11,14>After we'd moved to the east bay many years ago, it wasn't long before we started hearing, "What?! You've never tried Zachary's?  We've got to fix that."So they did.  Loved the pizza.  Hated the lines, the crowds, the wait.But ever since they opened the San Ramon Zachary's, all my grumpy old woman complaints have been addressed.  There's rarely a wait, especially if you call when you're enroute to get on the list (if there is one).  It's spacious and roomy and clean.  The staff is consistently efficient and friendly.  They have some good beer choices on tap.  There's an outdoor patio for nice days.And the pizza.  The pizza is as good as it was the first time I tried it in that bustling restaurant in Oakland.  Just in a more relaxed atmosphere so I can really enjoy it.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,7/28/2013,111,134,3,8,6>I had always heard that the pizza from Gioia is amazing, so I finally made time to try it over the weekend! To my surprise, the interior is actually quite small with only maybe ~6 counter seats, so most people probably eat elsewhere. They sell whole pies or specialty slices for $3.50 each (the formaggio slices are $3). The pizza is east-coast, thin crust style and they try to use organic, locally-sourced ingredients when possible which is great. What I ordered:- Slice of butternut squash, slice of spinach ($7): yelp.com/biz_photos/gioi…The slices are pretty generous, so even though I originally wanted to try three types, I settled on two because I wouldn't have been able to finish all that food. The squash kind had a mix of mozzarella and gorgonzola cheeses which went well with the slightly sweet squash. I really liked the thin, crunchy texture since I usually get my pizza fix from either Cheeseboard or Zachary's, neither of which serve NY style pizza. My favorite was the spinach though since it had chili flakes which gave it a slight kick. It definitely was different than any other spinach pizza I've had and wasn't watery like some of the other ones I've tried elsewhere. Overall, awesome pizza with quality ingredients!
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/8/2013,7/27/2013,299,402,4,11,7>What I ate: truffle burger, the original burger, earth burger, thin fries, and insider's mojitoVisit date: July 8, 2013 (opening day!)I like good buns and I cannot lie.That was a tasty meal! My main entree was the truffle burger, medium well. The last bite was as good as the first. Their meat patties are juicy and salty (made with the finest cuts and ground in-house!!!), the buns warm and slightly sweet (they are soaked in milk and honey!), and the truffle was not overpowering. The fries are shoestring size and offer a nice crunch. Definitely dip them in the housemade ketchup!I had a few bites of my friends' burgers, too. The original is a classic burger, with an Umami twist, of course -- a parmesan crisp! The earth burger was a little strange in texture, but is filling and full of flavor. Note: the ricotta is made with goat's milk.Since it was opening day, they offered us free cocktails. We decided to try the Insider's Mojito. Give me a hammock and we've got a vacation. The mojito had pineapple juice and coconut milk!Nicely done, Umami.PS The wait staff will gladly split your bill three ways. Hurrah!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,7/26/2013,340,339,6,13,9>I discovered The Door when my friends took me here for my birthday night out. I immediately fell in love with the dark red and black decor decked with vintage Asian movie posters, Chinese brass door knockers, golden Buddhas and other statuettes. It is simultaneously sexy, exotic, cozy, and just seems to exude mysterious elegance. They even have a patio for those warm days and beautiful summer evenings! I also loved the Asian street food they serve for appetizers. The rest of the menu I have tried before have always delivered as well: green papaya salad, galangal chicken, adobo eggplant, and lemongrass pork short rib.Because of the reasons stated above, The Door was where we decided to throw my mom's surprise 60th birthday dinner. Steven, the manager, and I mostly corresponded via email. He asked us how many people will be in our party and asked us to give him a budget with which he could design a pre-fixed family-style menu. We settled on $23/person and the menu we decided on is the following:Starters:Korean Apple Chicken salad -- very good and the spiciness is perfect as it pleased both the spice lovers and spice shunnersShrimp and avocado spring roll -- good, but no different than the spring rolls that could be had elsewhereEntrees:Shaking black pepper filet mignon -- as I do not eat red meat, I can only report hearsay comments. Everyone in our party loved it!Coconut mustard shrimp -- a crowd pleaser, but it tastes remarkably just like the walnut shrimp from your neighborhood Chinese restaurants (as long as the walnut shrimp from your neighborhood Chinese restaurant is delicious, sweet, and succulent).Seared Day Boat Scallops -- really very good and perfectly cooked, this dish transported me back to Asia with the coconut aftertaste.Side:Chef blended Wild Mushroom and Asparagus -- it is delicious, but it did not exactly complement the rest of the meal.Dessert:Chocolate Lover -- as the name implies, it is very chocolaty (to the delight of this chocolate lover's taste buds). It is bittersweet chocolate mousse, flourless chocolate cake and Schezuan peppercorn chocolate sauce. A little goes a long way, in the best possible manner!Although the electronic communiques between Steven and me could have been better (although I am more than willing to take part of the blame for that, whenever I tried to call it felt like Steven was trying to dodge accepting my phone calls), the staff was helpful in making the event truly a surprise for my mom and it was a great time. As they say, all's well that ends well!The only reason why I am giving The Door four stars instead of five is because I think they can still improve on their customer service. Don't get me wrong -- they do NOT have terrible customer service. Everyone is friendly, but it seems that in all of my visits here, we always have to track down our servers for refills or for our bill. Once or twice, this would have been understandable, but since it seems inevitable in every visit, I feel like this should be pointed out. They are very pleasant, though, when you do have their attention. I am a fan and highly recommend The Door to anyone looking for a good dinner. It is not flawless, but it is still a great spot!
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,7/25/2013,200,82,17,14,10>I really like Barrel Aged.It's a great place for a first date. It's dimly-lit, small, and has a great selection of old-school cocktails. Try the Grasshopper!Their menu is a bit limited, but even so, I still had a hard time deciding what to order. Everything looks amazing.A quick "thumbs-up" to this place for being a very farm-to-table restaurant!I ordered the Warm Goat Cheese Salad and the Smoked Gruyere Mac and Cheese. The salad was pretty basic. It's two chicken-nugget sized pieces of fried, warm goat cheese served over a bed of lettuce, tossed with a nice balsamic vinegar dressing. The mac and cheese was pretty good. It's served in a clay pot, so it's piping hot when it reaches your table. Yum!Next time I come here, I am definitely going to try the Roasted Artichoke with Curry Aioli. Another great reason this place makes for a great first date? Check out the restrooms. Mine had all kinds of air fresheners, perfumes, lotion, toothpicks, and more. Everything you need to maintain that great first impression if you're on a first date. They even had a basket of starlight mints and cinnamon hard candies to freshen your breath! The problem? The basket sits on top of the toilet. I hope people have the decency to flush with the toilet seat down...Eh, who am I kidding? I ate one anyway. Yay for poo-mints.This is a solid 4-star place. Go check out Barrel Aged!
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,7/24/2013,628,530,14,9,11>Lunar New Year's Eve Dinner.  Mom is slaving away in the kitchen to provide a feast of tasty goodness so we can all prosper the in new year.  "Susan, you live so close to Chinatown.  We need roast pork.  Your dad likes Soy Sauce Chicken rather than boiled.  We will pay you back.  It is so good fresh from Chinatown."  With a bow to the Confucian philosophy filial piety, I have agreed to this for the second year in a row.  In her quest for 2 pounds of roast pork and 1 soy sauce chicken, Susan has gotten in her car and driven (yes I am that brave) into Chinatown on LNY eve.  Two years in a row, fate has smiled upon Susan by providing her parking only 2 blocks from Yung Kee Restaurant (selected because it has the largest line on LNY.  Must be the best right?)  Susan has battled crowds of old Chinese ladies and mobs surrounding crates of oranges, just to move those 2 blocks to Yung Kee Restaurant.Susan has waited 40 minutes in a line around the block to get the opportunity to order her traditional goodies.Inside the restaurant, Chinese is being spoken at lightning speed.  Chicken, pork, and duck are being flung in all directions as animal after animal is hacked into the appropriate portions.  It is one tightly packed, meaty, greasy, cash only, frenzy.......until Susan asks "Can I get 2 pounds of roast pork and 1 soy sauce chicken?"Everyone freezes.  The hamster in everyone's brains stops to stare.  Slowly, everyone's brains reboot.  The hamsters start running again and all the staff remember how to speak English again as they continue to marvel at the girl who looks SO Chinese......yet can't order food in Chinese.  *POP* And then the frenzy is on again!  I quickly hand over more money than necessary and get a $20 back plus my change (since I have no idea how much the guy just asked me for) and battle my way out of the restaurant.  SUCCESS! Susan is Victorious! In this momement I am struck by the sense that I have just experienced an interesting snap shot of modern Chinese American culture.....and that I am really really hungry for roast pork and soy sauce chicken.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,7/23/2013,654,850,16,22,22>2 visits, 1 review, my 600th Yelp review.It all began a little over a month ago. It was the girlfriend's birthday. Naturally, I looked to make dinner reservations someplace special. Honestly, Gather wasn't my 1st choice (which was too far away for our work schedules) or even my 2nd choice (which was temporarily closed due to an untimely electrical fire).So how good could my 3rd choice be?Fast forward to this past Friday night. We both went back & took a friend with us. On the way there, not referring to any specific place, our friend noted that the simplest way to really know if you like a restaurant is if you would go back & if you would recommend it to a friend. There we were. Doing both.Having now sampled a wide variety of Gather's food & drink on 2 separate occasions, I can say they do nearly everything extremely well. Service/ decor/ ambiance were all on par with their offerings.Cocktails:+ Artillery in Pink - yeah, it's pink, but it's got navy strength gin* which makes it hit like an iron fist in a velvet glove.+ Tequila Sour - sublimely balanced, with both tequila & absinthe in this drink there's so much that can go wrong but instead it's oh-so-right.+ Backwoods Dandy - the bourbon & tobacco tincture in this drink will make you feel like a Southern Gentleman or Southern Belle with the very 1st sip.+ Old Cuban - almost like a mojito, only smoother & less sweet, this undoubtedly would be the preferred drink of old Fidel or the most interesting man in the World.Starters:+ Vegan "Charcuterie" - being a carnivore, the name of this dish is a contradiction so it made me suspicious, until I tried it, the portions were almost amuse-bouche small but the flavors were a revelation, pricey but worth trying.Pizzas:+ Sausage & Guanciale & Summer Squash - all 3 of those pizzas I had here had delicious perfectly crispy thin crusts & flavor-packed fresh ingredient toppings, I would dare say that I have not had better thin crust pizza in the entire Bay Area, given how many superb thin crust pizzas there are around here that's saying something.Entrees:+ Roasted Young Chicken - cooked perfectly moist & tender, the injera puree & berbere give the chicken an African curry flavor profile that is deliciously intriguing & not something you come across often.Dessert:+ Lindencroft Farm's Mint Chip Ice Cream - I'm not particularly a fan of mint chip ice creams but this 1 was outstanding, Lindencroft Farm is Gather's not-so-secret weapon, the veggies for many of the dishes come from there & the quality of the product is undeniable.+ Ricotta Budino - this was the 1 misstep for me, good flavor, interesting texture, but not sweet enough, if I were a judge on Food Network's Chopped I would say it wasn't really a dessert.We certainly did order a lot those 2 visits. While the Price Range is listed as $$ = Moderate, realistically it's at least $$$ = Spendy. & spendy it was, twice. But for an occasional mini-splurge or even a special occasion, the quality of you get at Gather is worth the $$$.*navy strength gin was the traditional strength used by the British Royal Navy, it's the proof level at which gunpowder will still light even if soaked with the gin.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,7/22/2013,97,123,5,7,7>Toss has a new approach to Asian Fusion restaurants and 'fast(er) food'. You first choose the noodle type you want, then the sauce, then the meat or tofu option and they whip it up for you in the kitchen. I have waited about 10-15 minutes for my food which is not too bad and lets me know that it will be hot and made to order. I have been here twice and the staff is super friendly and patient. I ordered the Hookien noodle with Thai sauce and chicken - spicy and delicious. I've also tried the Tom Yum soup with a thin rice noodle and it was tasty too. They serve every dish with tons of fresh vegetables. It's located right next to the UA Theater in Berkeley on Shattuck.Good service, tasty food, quick and made to order.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,7/21/2013,399,264,3,5,5>YES! Finally another location! Yes, this is same United Paleteria y Neveria as it is on Mission.  Not sure why they opened two in such close proximity, but hell to the yes!  I'm not sure how long it will last, but this location is so much quieter and less crowded than the one on Mission.  Same delicious treats and variety, just without the crowd.If you've never been here, you have to get the mangonada.  If you're unfamiliar, this is the best description I can give: chili powder coated cup with mango sorbet, mango chunks, and a chili coated straw.If you're craving ice cream, then you're in a rut, because they have tons of flavors to choose from!  I can only help you so much.Don't sleep on this place!Another plus: PARKING! No unorganized parking, easy to get in and out!
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,7/20/2013,330,444,5,10,9>I daydream about going back to Danville just so I can browse in Cottage Jewel. If you love vintage jewelery, sparkly things, and gorgeous little whatnot's, you could get sucked into this store for over an hour, plus.  Arranged in little nooks roughly by color, I've not seen a store so carefully organized, yet tightly packed with merchandise to the point of bursting! Saw some cute furniture, too! I was surprised that while there are lots of expensive pieces, there were also plenty of items in the $14-$20 range that are super cute and very unique.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,7/19/2013,140,99,9,9,8>Imagine sitting in the MOMA.  Everyone's in a hush around you, not daring to raise their voices, it gets a little uncomfortable and you start to wonder why you didn't decide to spend your weekend in a mausoleum instead. But imagine now that instead of just looking and admiring the Mona Lisa, you get to EAT it.  That's pretty much the atmosphere of my night at Yume.  A vibe that mimics the tight confines of a Tokyo basement with the focused intent of a real sushi master.  Better then anything I've had in Tokyo;  I can honestly say that Hideki-san is a world class Sushi Master, and his sushi is as good as anything this side of Jiro.His entire night's menu is crafted to highlight different tastes, textures, and  techniques.  Ever see a sushi chef throw away hundreds of dollars of ingredients, and then apologize to you for not meeting his, and your expectations?  That's Hideki.  Like a good movie, i won't spoil what each serving is like, but I will say that out of about 11 or so dishes he served, I loved all of them. My favorite was probably the Nori Wrapped Sake which was the most buttery, soft piece of salmon i've ever had (and the nori gave it a nice umami kick in the face). Although I think the highlight for everyone else at the seating was Otoro which Hideki prepared two ways (sashimi style, and maki style).He generally does not serve the same fish twice, and dinner will almost always end with the Tomago dish, but you're free to make requests after then. Hideki will treat your pallete with respect, so be sure and respect their rules.  Here are some that I haven't seen mentioned by other awesome Yelpers. ------ Don't touch the soy sauce.  Hideki will specially sauce each piece he feels that may need it.  I think they have it there so Hideki's wife can admonish you if you reach for it.- Don't start picking menu items. When Hideki-san asks you, "Can I serve for you?" Your only response should be,  "HAI !!!! OMAKASE KUDASAI !!!"  - Don't come in a group bigger then 3.  You won't get seated.  And even then, if there aren't any singles eating that night, you still might not get seated.  Just to be safe, come only with your sweetheart and leave the third wheel at home.  - If you want to eat, you better be in line 45 minutes before they open.  We arrived at 4:30pm and barely made the final seating of the night.  Also -- don't be a complete tool and save spots for your friends.  Your not supposed to have such a big group anyway. Normally, i dont like to be the guy counting items in your basket at the Express line, but when each additional person annoyingly pops up in front of you, that means you'll now be seated in later and later groups.  And the poor slubs in back of you get to go home hungry.  Not cool.- If you're gonna wander in during a dinner seating because all of the great Yelp reviews you saw during your 3 minutes of research, don't be insulting to the chef and his wife when they turn you away.  Just walk away.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,7/18/2013,334,415,4,10,9>YES! One of very few genuine diners in the Berkeley vicinity. Complete with options to dine at the counter, and run by a lovely Korean couple. My favorite is the bulgogi (Korean marinated beef brisket that melts in your mouth, sauteed with onions) and eggs, which I think is one of the best iterations of steak and eggs I've ever had. If you love shredded, crispy hash browns like I do, you will appreciate the tender care the husband takes to make the perfect ones here! If you like kimchee, be sure to ask for a side -  you'll get a tasty little cup of it - kind of an awesome alternative to the grape and single chunk of melon you get at most other places.No wifi, and the place is very well worn in, but apparently they'll be moving to a new space further down University when the new landlords take over the existing space.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,7/17/2013,452,219,6,8,5>This is the best froyo I've ever had, hands down. It is the perfect balance of tart, flavor, consistency, and substance. Their sweet flavors are not too sweet, their tart not too sour. The froyo melts in your mouth perfectly, with no bad aftertaste, and no excess sugar. Granted, you don't have that much selection of flavors, but all the ones I've tried are done perfectly right. I love tart froyo more than sweet ones, but their Nutella flavor Froyo is the bomb! The location is kind of easy to pass, inside the same complex as Whole Foods. Parking can be hard to manage during rush hour, so by all means avoid those hours. You know how those Whole Foods customers are during peak hours. Also Parking lot seems to be badly structured with only one way in or out. This ensures proper traffic jam. Anyway, this city in general is pretty anal when it comes to parking, so whatever the sign says, you better do just as it says. 20 minutes mean 20 minutes, not a minute more. Inside is very trendy, kinda mid-modern styling. I LOVE the chairs. Is it just me? I hope it's not just me. I LOVE the chairs! haha. plenty of tables, frosted glass design. Bench throughout the whole end of the wall (Be careful, that sofa/bench is NOT as comfortable as it seems), a side with toys and board games dedicated for kids (or young in hearts) to play freely. Two nice large flat screen, I would love to watch the warriors or sharks or A's game here! Instead when I came I watched Finding Nemo, which is just as good, haha. Oh, you can plug your iphone/ipod to the input and play your songs here! How cool is that? (Unless you have non-top40 taste in music)They also sell Banh Mi sandwiches, ice cream, Ice popsicles, shaved ice (hawaiian style), smoothies, slushies, and other random food. It's pretty cool and unique selection. I'll be sure to update this once I've tried all the other food they sell. 5 stars all around!!
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,7/16/2013,272,451,9,10,7>Is there really a KFC right across the street from this place? How does it stay in business? This place has got KFC beat by miles.  Get out of here Colonel Sanders! You can't beat OB Chicken!The plates here are meant to be shared. There's no way only one person can finish a plate of chicken on their own. It's as if they're feeding you an entire chicken on a plate. That much chicken just doesn't fit in my body! Combine that with the soju and the beer and any other dish you want to add on so you're not eating solely chicken, and you've got yourself a meal fit for a king! The huge portions wouldn't matter with terrible food though, right? Thankfully, the chicken here is actually delicious. Full of flavor, and not dry at all. Chicken is so easy to dry out, and there was none of that here. Also, the flavor didn't get boring at all, which is important when pretty much all you're eating is chicken after chicken after chicken. I do have a few complaints about this place though. One, they need to provide rice. The Filipino within my body was screaming at me the entire time. So much chicken, and absolutely zero rice. I'm so used to rice with every meal, especially with chicken, so every cell in my body my crying out for rice. Also, service kind of sucked. Not that the waiter was rude or anything; he was pretty nice. It's just that there was only one waiter, on an extremely busy Saturday night. Poor guy was running around everywhere. He was managing, but still, a little more help would have been a lot more convenient. I actually can't wait to come back here. It's a bit expensive, but you get a ton of food and it's delicious. Also, there's alcohol. What more can you ask for?
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,7/15/2013,83,135,12,15,12>This place is a beast.  Story time:The first time I had their strawberry ice cream, i was like "ugh, gross - this does not taste like the strawberry ice cream I am used to"    Then I realized something.  My mouth was very happy.  Then I realized something else.  This IS what real strawberries taste like.    Then I had my third and final epiph.  This place has what food SHOULD taste like, and I have been brought up eating what companies thought food COULD taste like, if they loaded it with chemicals and let it sit on a shelf for a year.   End story:Now, I try a different flavor every time I go - and have blazed through 2 full cards where they give you a free single, when you buy 10 scoops.  I *never* give 5 stars.  This place is 5 stars.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,7/14/2013,466,599,4,10,6>My latest obsession: their double pepper chipotle sauce.Thank goodness a friend recommended it. It's great to dip your fries into and smother all over your burger. Their sweet potato fries are awesome. You can't go wrong with the blue cheese and bacon burger, or the ABC, avocado, bacon and cheese. I enjoy the Crispin Apple Cider and Jonny is super friendly and can handle post-trivia at Angela's and wined up patrons.There is outdoor seating, is right next to the movie theater, one bathroom for each gender and two televisions, which is perfect to watch baseball and the NCAA tournament at the same time.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,7/13/2013,121,1332,4,6,8>This is not authentic Mexican food. And I don't really care. If you want a huge, tasty, well priced burrito, come here. This is probably the best rendition of the trend of putting anything into a tortilla and calling it a burrito. Hey, some of my favorite burrito combinations are not Mexican. I love the curry shrimp burrito from Hi Tech. With that in mind, you will love these burritos. They have a mind-blowing number of flavors and I was impressed to see a good number of seafood selections up there. Not just one.  I had to go for the scallop burrito (?!) and boy was it good. We can't wait to come back.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,7/12/2013,1602,589,7,7,8>Fourth street has such amazing small shops and cafes! I've been wanting to visit to Cafe M for a long time, but the lines can get really long if you don't come early enough (especially on weekends)! The place isn't really small, but the name of this place is pretty well known among the locals and regulars.I came with my girlfriend early one Saturday morning, anticipating some good food for Breakfast. Well, they delivered!I ordered a Corn Hash Eggs Benedict (I forgot the actual name of the dish. I think it's new.), while my girlfriend opted for the Cinnamon Twist Stuffed French Toast.The Corn Hash Eggs Benedict was really tasty! It was a nice change of pace to see corn hash served rather than a mundane beef patty, bacon, or without meat. The corn hash wasn't dried out, rather a small moist patty of tasty goodness!The Cinnamon Twist Stuffed French Toast was a really great breakfast choice! A bit sweet...definitely do not recommend if you want something savory or not quite sweet. The toast is basically marinated in syrups and jams, and then topped off with bananas and blueberries.Overall, an enjoyable breakfast! If you have the time, and wake up early enough, definitely come by for some good food! :)
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,7/11/2013,110,127,4,13,8>I know there are many Thai restaurants in the East Bay but I do not give out this 5 star review lightly, Bangkok Jam is quite possibly my favorite of them all! Located at the top of Solano Ave in Berkeley(a notoriously busy area), you may have to fight for a parking space but its worth all the stress and time! Bangkok Jam makes tasty Thai food that can be made organic upon request, but is served fresh and yummy either way.Its dark and comfy inside with a very romantic atmosphere. I've taken dates, friends and family here and its perfect for any occasion. Another big plus was the fact that I never felt like I had to talk over the other people who dined-in near me, you can hear and talk to people without any interruption. Now this is another restaurant where you could probably fill yourself up on the appetizers alone because they are just as exceptional as their entrees! I recommend their spring rolls, chicken or tofu satays, the wrap & bite, crispy tofu and the pumpkin tod. I always order my usuals: the pumpkin or yellow curries(which I've tried sweet or spicy, both are fantastic), the pad see-ewe(I share this with my fam or whatever company I'm with, also very good) and last but not least, a Thai ice tea to top it all off.Depending on what you order, things can be a little pricey but its pretty reasonable if you catch them in time for the lunch specials(which consists of an entree, salad, rice & an appetizer). The service is always pleasant, the waitresses are cute and the food is the bomb! What more can you ask for??
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,7/10/2013,187,234,3,12,7>TIP #1: Come with an open mind. Spanish cuisine is but a departure point for the delicious food here--each dish has a unique twist to it. TIP #2: The portions are small, yes, but you don't come to Duende for a super-sized meal!Upon entering Duende, I was transported into another world, one that was forever dusk and full of excitement for the senses. The dark palette of the interior and exposed structural systems--black metal beams extending from floor to high ceiling, a dark wall accented with a geometric mural in jewel-tones, dark wood seats and tabletops--added to the exotic feel. Darkness sets the tone and mood for a well-prepared meal of savory dishes to share.Each tapa looked as if it had been extracted from the pages of a food magazine. The menu--which is refreshed daily--was a bit of a challenge to decipher because the ingredients are listed for each dish, but the method of preparation is missing. Our waitress was knowledgeable and answered our questions thoroughly. The wait felt long, especially because the large party at the table next to us kept receiving plate upon plate, but good conversation and a couple of drinks made the time pass quickly.Though the cocktails looked unique, the mild sweetness of beers complimented the savory food well. My boyfriend and I ordered two tapas and one racione. The txiperones was a salad with fried whole baby squids (crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside), delicate frisee, a gooey runny egg yolk, and a tomato-based dressing. Mixed all together, the crunchy-gooey-salty mash up was quite an exciting opener. The perbots farcits was a half salad, half stuffed pepper dish: an herby, earthy mix of arugula, pine nuts, and shaved onion tossed in olive oil, next to two charred peppers concealing cumin-spiced lamb inside. The contrast in textures but the match in flavor turned a simple bite into a memorable dish. The albondigas were four pork meatballs, each 65% leek and green garlic. The broth was full of umami, and we consumed every last bit of it by picking out the wild mushrooms and soaking pieces of bread in the little pot. We ended with meringues, flavored with rose and pistachio--a tiny sweet note to close the meal. The portions were such that each tapas could be shared between two people, each person receiving a few bites. Our waitress recommended that we order a third tapa, but my boyfriend and I felt satisfied with the amount of food we ultimately ate. The price per dish is a bit high, but this is gourmet tapas full of unique combinations that can't be found anywhere else. The flavors of the food were more important than how much there was on my plate, and the company with which you share your meal at Duende will make the experience even better.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,7/9/2013,150,672,7,9,7>I come here every Saturday. I now have learned to navigate the market rather well and I have my list of go-to veggie/fruit stands. A few tips:   * The drip coffee guy comes a bit later. He is also the ONLY coffee guy at the market so we have learned to show up later in the morning because my husband needs his cup of joe in order to operate.   * I have learned to not come right when the market opens because the vendors are often still setting up.  * There is a stand that sells pastries at the end of the market and their baked goods always look better than they taste. It's also pricey about 3 bucks for most breakfast pastries. The cinnamon twist or morning buns are the way to go. The savory quiche and the croissants are not great.   * If you come right before the market closes some vendors discount their produce and you get some great deals.   * Avoid the hummus guy that gives you endless tastings unless you plan to buy. Avoid eye contacting and keep walking. He is pushy but that's probably why he sells so much freakin' hummus. I still have 2 containers of hummus in my fridge. It is good stuff though.Overall I love this Farmers Market. Close to home, easy to park and great selection of fresh produce.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,7/8/2013,321,553,9,18,14>I've been waiting for this day and it has finally arrived. The Tribune Tavern is now open for business and I've got my reservations. Boy, am I glad I did. This place is packed, just like I thought.My group stated off with the potted rabbit,  grilled ox tongue, guilty fries, and the pork belly. All 4 were so good, but the guilty fries were the best! And washing it down with a pitchers of margaritas on a nice spring day...perfect. For my main course, I just went with a good ol' burger. And I'm going to say it, I thought it was better than Chop Bar. (I can hear the faint hissing sounds now). It was nice and juicy and very flavorful. I tried my friend's fried chicken. Yummy! Then I tried his wife's mussels. Excellent! And the his sister's lamb sausage. Most excellent!And for dessert, because you have to have dessert when trying out a new place, I got the strawberry shortcake. It was good, but I wasn't too impressed by it. Others in my group got different desserts so I was able to try each of their's. I tried the goat cheese cheesecake (very decadent), ice cream sandwich (very good and a generous size), and their toffee banana pudding (something along those lines). Now that, was my favorite! That just tasted like an amazing piece of banana bread.Tribune Tavern does have some kinks to work on, but I think they are going to be there for awhile. And it's nice to have them just a few doors down from where I work :)
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,7/7/2013,304,168,3,6,7>Best Bar By the Bay!I love this place.  It's almost like you are taking a step back in time when you walk through the doors of the Warehouse Cafe.The bar is amazing with a huge list of beers from around the world, and a usually very friendly bartender who knows how to take care of all the different types of patrons.  As you walk into the bar, Usually the first thing that I see is a GIANT Polar Bear that is standing up.  Its not every day that you get to see a stuffed Polar Bear at a bar.  Usually the wife and I will order from the bar and head outside where we can soak up the sun and watch the giant boats float down the Carquinez Straits.  It is a great way to an beautiful California sunny day.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,7/6/2013,527,1952,7,13,9>Yowza.You know those totally impromptu nights where you just wing it with awesome company and somehow, everything just falls into place and epicness spews forth like lava out of Mount Vesuvius?That happened here and it was glorious.After stopping by Phat Matt's BBQ only to be faced with an early closure from running outta 'Q, a quick local search led me to Hopscotch.  I remembered an article in SF Gate on rising chefs in the Bay Area and Execute Chef Kyle Itani was amongst the group.  Suffice it to say, this guy can COOK!To start off, my Yonsei oyster came topped with uni, salmon roe and citrus soy.  Though small and a bit pricey at $5 a pop, the bite exploded with flavor and provided a most pleasant mix of brine and creaminess from the uni.  A bowl of duck fat potato chips with yuzu aioli also whet our appetites nicely.My friend's Skillet Roasted Striped Bass came perfectly cooked - delicate, flaky and umami'd exquisitely well by the caramelized onion tapenade.  I took it as a good sign that she annihilated her dish in a fraction of the time it took me and my brother to finish ours.  Next, the best Buttermilk Fried Chicken I've ever laid on my taste buds.  I've had delicious iterations from a good handful of places across the country, but none come even remotely close.  Beyond the almost otherworldly tenderness of the meat within that could be effortless teased apart with my tongue, the fried skin had a delightfully crumbly texture.  Bringing everything together was the amazing seasoning that I believe included paprika and cayenne pepper.  Whatever it was, the flavor explosions ensued and outshone even the oyster a short while prior.Lastly, my pork chop.  Its plain listing on the menu as "Pork Chop" was in fact coincidentally apt as the dish's flavors were robust and entirely uncluttered.  I was in shock when I realized that I could cut through the beautifully presented chop easily...with a BUTTER KNIFE.  Best pork chop I've ever had?  Yup, that too.Our meal ended with not one, but two orders of the Chocolate Mousse accompanied by some fantastic caramel ice cream.  First time I've ever asked for a second order of something halfway through the first one.  Fun times =DWe all agreed that the dishes could easily hold their own in Michelin starred restaurants and, in fact, outdo quite a few of them.  I'm just ecstatic to have found such phenomenal food in the East Bay without having to shell out a premium or bother with the fuss of fine dining establishments.  Get cozy in this tiny, upscale diner and be ready for a wonderful taste bud massage!
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,7/5/2013,726,863,11,14,12>I stopped waiting to get married and started buying nice-ish kitchen stuff for myself. For example, a significant chunk of my tax refund went to a KitchenAid mixer!Now, I'm the first to admit that Target and Amazon are often my first places to find kitchen items. However, every once in a while, I find a local joint that I want to support...and Umami Mart is one of them.Sure, I could've found a decent citrus juicer for a fraction of the cost elsewhere, but Umami Mart had a nice one for not too much money. I went straight to the juicers, which I actually needed, with laser-like focus and precision...but my moneys could've splurged on some other goodies too. Check them out. The folks are a charm, the prices are decent enough, and they're good for gifts too.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,7/4/2013,230,254,7,10,8>I'm a big Boiling Crab fan.  I just like my seafood.  And that sauce.  And eating with my hands.  I don't like waiting 2 hours after driving an hour to have it though, which is why I love that Hang Ten is close by to get my fix with only a 15-30 min wait).  I never knew this existed previously, but they have most of the equivalent fixings to BC (e.g. Hang Ten = Whole Shebang).  They do serve out of wooden bowls instead of bags for stuff like shrimp and crawdads.  But king crab still comes in a bag.  I think BC still wins in terms of the sauce.  BC has more garlic cloves and is just more infused into the seafood.  However, this doesn't mean I'm disappointed with Hang Ten.  Their garlic noodles go great with the meal and a spam musubi is always tasty.  I'll definitely stop by here again.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,7/3/2013,777,1202,6,9,7>I've been here once, attracted by the promise of vegan desserts.  This review is primarily of their Chocolate Peanut Butter Cake.  The barista/cashier said that when he tried it, 'This cake was everything I had dreamed and hoped it to be."With that commendation, I ordered a slice and had it packed into a sealed plastic container I brought from home (which was the PERFECT size).  I got to work - and just as I poured my coffee and started to take a bite, my manager arrived at my desk to tempt me with a choice between a blueberry and a cinnamon Pepple's vegan donut.  Pepple's donuts are rather heavy and dense these days... and the Chocolate Peanut Butter Cake won, hands down.  The chocolate cake was light and airy without being crumbly or dry.  It had a very light peanut buttery icing that didn't taste too sweet nor too greasy/shortening-heavy.  The slice was so large - I vowed I would save half of it for later - but found myself nibbling away at it til all of a sudden... I looked down and it was GONE!!Time to go back and try something else! Chocolate Peanut Butter Cake gets A1++++
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,7/2/2013,278,117,11,15,15>Ok. This place is totally awesome. Way more awesome that I thought it would be.The decor is fantastic. Blowfish lights (I need one!), stylin' Hawaiian style shirts on the bartenders, and, my favorite part: peacock chairs! I made a bee line for the peacock chair as soon as I saw it, and felt like royalty leaning back sipping on my fruity alcoholic delight. Their menu is extensive, and I haven't tried many of their drinks, but the ones I have tried have all been great. Each drink has a marking next to its name on the menu so you know how much alcohol you're gonna get (basically a "how quickly you're gonna get wasted" rating-useful for people who have to drive home and want to take it easy! or useful for people trying to get wild). Their prices are absolutely fair, with drinks ranging from around $6-11. If you're a rum devotee, they have what's called the "rum challenge". You get a print out with the names of all of their rums (probably around 100!), and the bartender checks off each rum you've sampled. Once you complete the challenge, you are forever honored with a name plate placed on the bar shelves. If you're a tiki bar fan, this place is the bomb. If you're not a tiki bar fan, this place might seem a bit kitsch, but you'll enjoy the drinks.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,7/1/2013,151,178,17,23,21>To echo the sentiments of a friend's review: like trying to describe an amazing dream you had, the charms of a visit to this restaurant are hard to capture with words. There is a storybook feel just traveling here down the winding and ever-narrowing and unpopulated road. There's the town of Port Costa itself, a pocket of civilization on the bay with a small town center that's a throwback to over a hundred years ago. And then, not just honoring but reveling in this anachronistic setting, there is your destination of Bull Valley Roadhouse.  From inside out, the decor, furniture and lighting are steeped in antiquity. It's absolutely charming and, food aside, worth a visit in itself. The front bar area, in particular, is adorned with vintage photos, fixtures and embellishments. The drinks are top-notch, and even such details as the glassware and ice cubes show loving attention to style. The food though, is also in itself worth the trek. Done "family-style" as suggested by the servers allows a larger party a good-sized sampling of their offerings.  My first visit's food was certainly one of the best meals I've had of late, and the fried chicken the best I've ever eaten period. Aside from the repeat of wondrous mussels, the second visit's fare, including the chicken and the accompanying mashed potatoes, wasn't quite up to the same standards. One of our party's soups, a fennel/(spinach?) puree had a consistency of sludge and a taste not much better (appropriately, the house comped this mostly uneaten item). What was delicious and easily my meal highlight was the spoonful of the chocolate pot de creme I snuck. Rich, velvety and deep, it's one of those desserts that immediately flips your foodgasm switch. BVR would be a comfortable five stars by averaging out its food and decor. But sadly, particularly on the last visit, the quality of service knocks them down a star. With a larger party such as ours, execution of food and drink may understandably wobble in places, as with our delivery of duplicate drink orders, slow service, items requested such as bread or water requiring follow-up requests.  There was a bigger issue with our bill, which was brought to our waiter's attention, to which one of his responses was "look, if you're having a hard time coming up with the cash" -- wow, did you really just say that?  Unprofessional and snarky, especially as our bill did turn out to be incorrect, due to some (his later explanation) computer issues.This blemish won't deter me from returning, and IMO neither should it deter you. Of the select food adventures I'd consider for a "must-do" club, Bull Valley Roadhouse is an easy candidate for membership.  Wonderful food, drinks, and dear company made for a memorable occasion. And, for our party, a shiny full moon drifting in a cloudless ebon sky on our departure.  A perfect storybook wrap-up to a storybook-worthy evening.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2012,6/30/2013,1549,579,17,23,20>Never been to Hayward... Didn't think I would ever have a reason to be there. But damn-- I've been missing out! The Dirty Bird is just as cool, if not cooler than any stuffy lounge I've been to in the city-- and their drinks are just the same but half the price! It's one of the classiest "dive bars" I've ever visited. I absolutely love the creative décor all along the walls made with peacock feathers, artwork, posters and neon lights. I love the fact that there are several types of seating options: booths, stools, and lounge chairs...making the bar seem really cozy and super spacious. According to the Duke, it doesn't get crackin there til around 10pm or 11pm on a Saturday night, but luckily we were the life of the party, so this didn't make a difference to us. We had the place almost completely to ourselves around 8pm, with juke box control and pool tables at our dispose.The only staff member I came encounter with was Summer, the bartender, with the mostest. She was super sweet and put up with my pain in the ass, drink requests just fine, with a huge smile across her face. She made the drinks perfectly-- not too strong, not too light, just right. I love this place. Bestest Dive Bar in the area! :-) Hoping to become the new Duchess of the Dirty in the coming year!
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,6/29/2013,136,808,5,13,7>You can feel it in the bones - great people run and feed this place. Menu changes daily. Wonderfully fresh ingredients, expertly prepared. Not many people can take a small plate of kimchi and radishes and elevate them to such highs that I want to write a small book of poetry about eating Ramen Shop kimchi and radishes.The salt-cooked egg and chashu that came with my ramen were absolutely exemplary. Lovely bar area for the inevitable wait - on this Wednesday night, we waited 45 minutes and it was totally worth it, sitting at the bar for dinner and watching the kitchen do their magic.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,6/28/2013,303,540,5,7,6>An incredible marketplace - walking in is like entering Willy Wonka's factory.  Colors, food and delights everywhere!The wine section was mind boggling, I definitely need to return and peruse more.  The deli counter was incredible - meats, fish, it seemed like stretched on for miles.  The pastry cases were stunning.  In the fresh cases, we were even offered samples of whatever we liked - BF sampled the potato salad and was clearly delighted!  I must also go on record to say this is the only local store that I have ever found the Evolution Fresh Ginger Limeaide.  I got to try this at a 10K last year and lost my mind at its deliciousness and have been questing for it ever since - leave it to me to love the hard-to-find flavor!This is a beautiful store, definitely recommended for special things that are tough to find elsewhere.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,6/27/2013,71,323,3,11,7>The people who run Shan Dong restaurant are SO NICE! Which is a huge bonus when you consider that cordiality is such a rarity in Chinese restaurants... it may be worth it to eat at Shan Dong just for the hospitality alone.However, the food stands its own ground. For me, this is authentic Chinese comfort food- hearty, coarse, salty, carb-heavy and budget-friendly. Dinner-- which, on many occasions, consisted of the eponymous Shan Dong chicken (get it; it's unfathomably good) dry-fried string beans, Mongolian beef, salt & pepper spareribs, dumplings, and fragrant, fried fish -- is consistently better than lunch, and unexpectedly clean, to boot. I wasn't impressed by the spicy wontons (overpowered by chili oil) and pig ears I had for lunch (it hadn't shaken off its refrigerator chill, was heavy on the soy sauce,  and rather obviously left over from some huge, bustling dinner rush the night before) but ... it seems to follow the rule of thumb for Chinese restaurants in general... which is that, the busier the restaurant gets, the better the food becomes. (Why? I don't know.) So don't go during a daytime lull, 'cuz you'll just get leftovers. Also--and I know I'll be crucified for this-- I thought the dumpling skins were too thick and chewy, and the ratio of bread to meat&veg in the pork buns was unappealing. (Aka, there was wayyyy too much bread.) Disappointing, for a restaurant that is known for its handmade dumplings & steamed buns! In terms of Chinese family-run restaurants, you might be able to do better in San Francisco, but you can't do better in Oakland (at this price point, anyway). And you certainly won't find a nicer family anywhere. Meals always taste better when the servers want you to be happy and enjoy your food. In my book, the free smiles bump Shan Dong from a 3.5 star restaurant to a 4 star restaurant. :)Bottom Line: Noms for dinner!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,6/26/2013,518,346,10,9,10>Boyfriend and I were combing through Yelp after Yelp page for a good brunch place. After hitting up a few spots beforehand with 1+ hour waits, we hungrilly stumbled into Bette's. Since the wait was 1+ hour plus here as well, we decided to see if we could do take-out."Do you do take-out?" I asked the host at the cashier, eyes wide open and shaking with hunger."What do you want?" He asked."Anything, anything!" I said."You can sit outside," he pointed to the tables outside. "There is currently no wait there."Bf and I nodded, our hunger getting the best of us since it was FREEZING outside. We were seated promptly, and ordered coffees to warm up. After a while, I suppose our misery at being exposed to the cold winds showed. The owner(?), a friendly, older gentlemen kindly asked if we would liked to be seated inside at the counter since he noticed we were shivering, and there were 2 open seats available."Yes, yes!" we cried gratefully. I almost hugged him. "We would!"And such, we were seated inside, and our food arrived shortly thereafter since we had ordered already. Me, the banana souffle pancake (dessert for breakfast?? what else could be greater!), and the boyfriend, some poached egg over ham and toast dish. The banana souffle was everything I imaged it to be: soft, fluffy goodness flavored with bananas and rum. It wasn't too heavy and didn't leave me overly stuffed, which I appreciated. The kind owner(?) came over a few times to ask us how our food was, and I again resisted the urge to hug him. Great food, good places! I would come back on a week day, just to avoid the crazy wait!
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2013,6/25/2013,151,211,6,9,10>In grade school, I would look forward to our monthly pizza hot lunch Fridays with the same fervor as snow days. Maybe I had too many cold leftovers in college, but over the years my passion for pizza has waned. Given a range of options, I rarely gravitate towards the local pizza parlor as my choice. That said, Forge just might change my stance on this delightful crusty offering.First things first, YOU MUST TRY THE FRIED CHEESE CURDS. End of discussion. They are so delicious and warm and gooey, words cannot even describe my love of their melt-y goodness. Maybe because I've never been to the mid-west and I'm missing cheese-sticks in my life but these fried cheesy balls are truly wonderful.Forge's wood fired pizzas are delicious and come with a whole host of unique offerings. Sometimes sweet and simple is the best, especially with the wood fired crust. Try the marinara or the margarita and you won't go wrong.Forge's extensive and exhaustive beer, wine and spirits list will for sure keep me coming to visit! An excellent selection of local beers as well as a solid cocktail menu and even cheap canned beers. Make sure to grab a seat outside and enjoy your service with a smile. The three times I've been here service has been prompt and attentive which sometimes seems like a rarity at a new, frequently packed restaurant. Forge, thank you for firing me up about pizza again.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,6/24/2013,198,208,7,13,12>I love that this place is all about local, all about the small business, all about fresh, creative, thoughtful and natural food and beverage. I recommend getting on their list so you're in the know when they have an event, and drop in with your appetite ready for sampling and get ahold of the East Bay's best of local and home grown goods. Kitchener lacks that pretentious shiny manufactured feeling that you'll see at some like-minded food vending events, and hosts some of the most friendly, humble vendors you'll find around. If crowds or tight spaces aren't your thing, come early, or late, and avoid the throngs of supporters. Don't forget to bring cash, and be ready for carting home some yummy loot!
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,6/23/2013,388,772,10,10,10>Do you like steak? Of course you do! This is America -- land of the free and home of the steak! It's funny though; despite the universal appeal of a thick slab of meat, finding a good cut is more rare than unicorn meat.Thankfully Prime Spot feeds my carnivorous needs, with cuts of both steak and prime rib going up to 16oz - and that's not including the sides! Each cut could be a little less fatty, but I'm not complaining; I'm too busy enjoying my food coma.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,6/22/2013,201,268,9,15,11>A beergarden in Oakland with a view of the lake! Watch out Trappist and Beer Revolution... Portal is competing for my lazy summer Sunday afternoons!!While there may be less selection of brews, and not enough Belgian styles for my liking, there is bound to be a drink for everyone. The agave wine margaritas also held their own for not having real tequila. But what really pushes Portal over is the food. The secret key for success, get there before 3pm to order off of the brunch menu, and then stay for the 3-5pm happy hour. The brunch plates looked good and at $7-$9 a pop, are worth more than a try. After spying a mound of crispy potatoes, I had to get a side order. They were definitely delicious and a deal for the money. Other good deals - $3 for a giant mound of crispy potato chips, and $5 for a giant plate of fries. A big Thank You to my new Yelp buds for introducing me to such a great find! Here's to many more sunny afternoons on the now dog-friendly patio.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,6/21/2013,637,423,13,17,12>Upon arrival, remember to add your name to the list and acknowledge with the waitress that you're here to dine.  As the dining area is just too small, and they do not take reservations.  In other words, the wait can be very long because this place can get packed!Anyways, we ordered:  ~Deep fried oysters - This is a must get!  These were big crunchy pieces of oysters with tartar sauce and limes. Might be a bit salty for some people.~Seafood gumbo:  Pretty pretty damn good!    ~2 lbs of shrimp (mild and spicy):  It was pretty soft, so you can tell these were fresh.  Decent sized shrimps!  Reminded me of Giovanni's in Hawaii. ~Rockin' Crawfish:  Juicy little crawdads, only its a lot of work just to get a little tail.  ~King Crab Legs:  Mmmm now this is another "must get"!  Spicy cajun goodness!As far as service, there was no issues with me.  The waitress even came back to refill our waters and hand us more towels and towelettes.  Good stuff!  I'll be back!
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,6/20/2013,1017,341,7,11,14>Yelp's ROTD has encouraged me to check out quite a few restaurants in my area, and Luka's was one of them. After reading how impressed Yelpers have been with the food and the atmosphere, I suggested to my boyfriend that our next date night be here.Last night was the night, but we had our hearts set on trying the chicken pot pie that I've read quite a few people raving about - unfortunately it was not to be, as they only serve them during the winter, but we decided to give some of their other options a go.To share, we started with the oxtail putine, and for our entrees I got the gratineed mac n' cheese while my boyfriend tried the sopes from the Cinco de Mayo specials. For dessert we chose the chocolate fondant.I've never had oxtail (I was always a bit put off by the thought of eating tail, kind of like how I've always avoided pig's feet) but my boyfriend really wanted to try the oxtail putine so I figured, why not try something new (and he never steers me wrong, anyway). And WOW, was I glad we got this dish - a bed of Luka's house fries, with shredded oxtail in a warm gravy with melted cheese on top. Kind of like a highbrow version of chili cheese fries. We devoured that dish in an instant, it was so good.My boyfriend's sopes were pretty darn delicious, and for not being a Mexican restaurant Luka's chefs sure knew what they were doing. I wasn't a fan of the refried black beans (black beans have no place in my home - pinto all the way), but it didn't deter from the dish. If you've never had sopes, they consist of a deep fried masa cake , topped with refried beans, salsa, chicken, lettuce, and cheese. It's too bad they're only a special, because they make them so good they could be a permanent menu item.The mac n' cheese was awesome, three cheeses smothered over shell pasta, served bubbling hot with a side of greens. While I appreciated the serving of veggies, they seemed a bit unnecessary as a compliment to the dish, but they weren't bad. A little on the salty side. The mac n' cheese was creamy and rich, done just the right way.The fondant was AMAZING, served with vanilla ice cream and a Florentine cookie. Sharable, rich, warm, and addicting.While the prices for the food aren't the cheapest ($15 for the mac n' cheese and sopes, $10 for the oxtail, $8 for the fondant) it could be worse, but the servings are not skimpy. The service here was spectacular; everyone was exceptionally nice, but especially our awesome waitress. When we were leaving a DJ was coming in to set up for the night, so if you want food, drinks, and dancing, Luka's is the place to be.Amazing food, amazing service - I'd love to come back to Luka's.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,6/19/2013,179,235,2,7,8>This cafe consists of a brightly painted shack on the corner of University and Walnut. There is limited outdoor seating, festive music, and everyone here seems to be on Brazil time. Life is easy and relaxing here at the Brazil Fresh Squeeze Cafe, especially on a sunny day. I've been here a couple of times, when I have a hankerin' for some beef. Today I got the #84 Pedro's favorite Tri-Tip sandwich with "the works": cheese, grilled onions, pineapple, olives, jalapenos, lettuce, tomato, and Cilantro Garlic Sauce ($8.75). Very flavorful but definitely short on the main ingredient. However, I checked in on my Yelp app and was rewarded with a free mango smooothie so I ended up feeling decently full despite the lack of beef in my sandwich. Also, it's not the place to go if you're in a hurry, as everything is made to order (I waited almost 15 minutes before my sandwich was ready). Despite the wait & the relatively high prices, it's a fun & unique place to go on occasion.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,6/18/2013,183,70,5,8,7>Secretly, I would love to keep this little gem all to myself. As Annie S. mentioned in the previous review, Thread Lounge is still considered a pop-up and the decision to set up shop permently will be based on the amount of business/traffic this location yields. So as a responsible yelper, and let's be honest - for purely selfish reasons, I'm gonna let you in on 4th street's newest sweet spot.Located at the north end of Berkeley's 4th street, the storefront can easily be missed. I happened upon it during a random stroll when I noticed a sidewalk sign that appeared to be under it's own beam of sunlight that said "Designer Sample Sale". My knees literally buckled as I raced down the street disregarding every man, woman and child in hopes of that perfect sample sale score.Expecting to walk into a large room with racks of picked through random pieces, I was shocked to find a beautifully organized boutique with gorgeous items from all over the world. Yes gawd!!!! I chatted with the owner, who as it turns out remembered me from her Union Street store in SF, and was delighted to hear that they would at least be there for a few months and would be getting in new items very frequently. I'm a sucker for boutique shopping. So finding one that specializes in designer sample sales with high inventory turner-over and rock bottom prices is like talking dirty to me!Thread Lounge carries men, women, and children's items. There's gorgeous jewelry, one of a kind purses, a designer jeans sections, shoes, formal dresses, leather....it was endless. It took me a minute of furiously circling the entire store several times before actually settling down and perusing the racks. The prices are incredibly reasonable and one would be hard-pressed to leave this place without making a purchase. One of the best things is that I never leave there feeling guilty about what I spent - which is usually how I feel during a sample sale.My most recent purchase was a navy trench coat for $25...... Thanks Thread Lounge!! and please stay!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,6/17/2013,104,227,7,7,6>Oh, Harumi. Please don't leave. I need a sushi place like you to always be around the corner from my house.Harumi is a Japanese and Korean fusion place, which is why "sushi and tofu" is in their name. They serve the usual Japanese cuisine but also offer some Korean dishes like hot tofu soup. The owner is a Korean man and the same owner as the Harumi that is located in Cupertino, and he is absolutely charming. He takes the time to come out to ask you personally whether or not you enjoyed your meal. He is also one of the sushi chefs crafting these delicate rolls.The selection of rolls here is extensive and unique. This is the first place that I have gone that sets their sushi on fire. Yes. ON FIRE. The Flaming Dragon roll will come out raw, wrapped in aluminum foil, and then placed on top of a thin layer of alcohol. Your waiter/waitress will take a torch, light the alcohol, and that will cook the roll inside of the foil. A pretty ingenious way to create a hot roll, and it entertains customers, too, I know I was in awe. But then again, I am a little biased towards anything with fire...The atmosphere is clean and spacious, and they have the cutest mini zen garden inside. There also looks to be space for a banquet/private party room in a more traditional Japanese-looking area of the restaurant.Oh, and if you need more reason to go to Harumi right now, there's a 30% off all sushi rolls grand opening special :)
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,6/16/2013,248,124,5,10,7>Impeccable coffee in the modern jungle. When I imagine a typical coffee shop, I think of smelly leather couches, old wooden chairs, and the overpowering smell of coffee beans. Got that image in your head? Okay, now crumple it up and throw it in the trash. Monkey Forest Road is a haven for the coffee connoisseur, hidden gem treasure seeker, and the plain ol' customer with high expectations. Now, imagine gorgeous furniture made of salvaged exotic wood, plants that immerse you in the jungle atmosphere, and high quality coffee in well balanced form. That is Monkey Forest Road. I first had coffee from Monkey Forest Road at Oakland Art Murmur. It was almost a year ago, but I distinctly remember notes of chocolate that definitely satisfied this sweet tooth. While I was walking around Grand Lake (Lake Merritt) a few weeks ago, I realized that this was the same place. How can you really forget a name like Monkey Forest Road? Overall, I would say any East Bay resident, must must must try Monkey Forest Road. That's three musts, so I definitely mean business. It's an excellent coffee experience that will have you rethinking your morning brew routine. FOOD & DRINKSBlack tea iced tea - Brewed to order. Refreshing, plain and simple. You could say, it's quali-tea. Iced mocha ($4.50) - This was one of the best iced mochas I've ever had! The perfect touch of sweetness from the chocolate, richness from the espresso, and balance from the milk. Blackberry sesame financier - I got this to accompany my tea. It was light and well-complimented the strong, full-bodied iced tea. A little pricey for the size. I believe in the realm of $2-3, but it was noticeably made to accompany the drinks (and obviously made with love). DECORFierce! It's like a modern day jungle. Monkey Forest Road began its life as an Indonesian Art Gallery and boutique, while also selling coffee on the side. Now it's well-known for its brews. Art and furniture can still be purchased. While I was there, at least three customers came specifically to buy furniture, not coffee.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,6/15/2013,238,170,5,6,6>The ice cream here is incredibly sweet and creamy! I split a Cookies n Cream milkshake ($6.75+tax) with my friend, and still had trouble finishing my half cup due to how sweet and rich the milkshake was. A milkshake could definitely be split among three people, if not four, and forget about eating anything afterwards, because you will be probably be feeling comatose from the huge amount of sugar you just ingested. Tucker's Cookies n Cream isn't just vanilla ice cream mixed with Oreo chunks, but every bite of ice cream seriously tastes like Oreo cookies. The ice cream is actually a light grey color and so much more chocolatey than what I normally see. My first bite/sip? (the shake was sooo thick!) of the ice cream was so creamy and delicious! At first, I really liked the intense flavour of their ice cream. However, I later found it to be too sweet, so I would really recommend getting small portions.This definitely isn't a light after-meal dessert. When they say ice cream, they really mean creamed! The store is pretty large with a lot of seating, and they have a lot of options from milkshakes to sundaes, along with a hugeeeee selection of different flavours. They even have a Zinfandel ice cream! I would recommend this place to anyone with a sweet tooth!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,6/14/2013,331,587,12,12,12>I'm not very good at making sandwiches. Apparently I can't even make a PB&J right. I put both the P and the J on the same slice, but according to popular vote, I'm doing it wrong. If I ever have children, I will have to take some sandwich making classes. Til then, I'm paying the pros to do it for me.The breakfast sando (sammich for breakfast? sign me up) here at Grand Lake is absolutely fabulous and worthy of the outsourcing. It has a fried egg, country ham, colby jack, avocado, comes on the best ciabatta ever, and with a side of greens. It is so simple, but I really don't think I could achieve this level of sandwich perfection. The ingredients are quality, and the size was perfect. In non-sandwich news, my boyfriend's pork belly hash was also pitch perfect. There aren't many seats in this cute little place, and with all of the great reviews I'm sure that soon there will be a line out of the door, but I'll be patient. I'll make my own sandwiches once in awhile, but for a sweetly simple meal that brings a smile to my lips, I'll be back here.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,6/13/2013,552,387,5,8,10>If I were stranded on a deserted island for a year, and could only bring one food with me--that food would be sandwiches. I am a sandwich aficionado, nay sandwich fiend. I'm pleased to report, 8Fifteen knows how to make a good sammy!I ordered the BLT: crispy perfect Niman Ranch bacon dry rubbed with brown sugar + turkish aleppo pepper, served with harissa mayo, roasted cherry tomatoes, and butter lettuce on grilled sliced acme challah. I indulged and added  a perfectly cooked hard boiled egg for an extra $1.Their assembly process is a little slow, but they were smiling and chatting the whole time, and I didn't mind waiting...too much. I paid $11 for a sandwich and Limonata, which seemed appropriate considering the quality of ingredients and the location in the Kensington Farmer's Market. Clearly my new sandwich heroes (bad pun intended) are doing something right, we arrived at 1pm and they were sold out of almost everything.Bravo 8Fifteen! I look forward to trying your cold fried chicken sandwich with green apple next time.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,6/12/2013,216,408,4,15,9>I went on a short hike around Lake Anza with my family last weekend, and this is truly a gem, not too out of your way if you're a local.Set right inside Tilden Park, we trekked on the Anza trail which led us all around the lake, below it, and even above the lake off trail.Plenty of climbing trees for the little ones and love that your dog can go off leash in the undeveloped areas only. They must be on leash near walkways, bathrooms, and any community sections. (There are signs all around to guide you.)I absolutely love the trails--they skim several streams and water play areas for dogs and kids alike. I saw a bunch of lovely couples taking strolls as well. The lake is huge and has a recreational area/beach area. A few bridges will greet you as you head further around the trail. There's some steep areas, but don't fret, if my kids could do it, so can you. I can't wait to revisit this charming little place. Bonus--you can go to the Little Farm or Carousel and play there after your hike. The animals will be so thrilled. Just don't forget your lettuce and celery.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,6/11/2013,299,545,6,6,6>*Salivating*I have been here twice and both times I have had an exceptional crepe experience. The first time I came I got a mango crepe, which was drizzled with orange sauce- it was pretty yummy in spite of its simplicity. This past weekend, my girlfriends and I decided to come here and get savory crepes and a dessert crepe to share. I ordered the Super Scrambled crepe and substituted the ham with avocado (veggie life!). The crepe came with scrambled eggs, mozzarella, tomato and avocado. I should have opted for a side of Greek salad instead of fruit since I only got 4 pieced of fruit. My friend who ordered her crepe with a side of Greek salad had a heaping portion of it and couldn't stop telling me how yummy the salad was! My only complaint about my crepe is that it had way too much cheese.For the dessert crepe, we decided on the I-Blueberry, which came with blueberries and cheesecake pieces. It was drizzled with chocolate mocha sauce and had whipped cream and chocolate chip ice cream on the side. Best.Dessert.Crepe.Ever. Thank goodness this place is located next to 24 hour...looks like I will be making back to back stops at both places for a while.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,6/10/2013,82,83,15,13,12>Dear Red Onion,Forgive me. I judged you before I even met you.You looked like the typical diner. I glanced at your yelp reviews and people were not saying nice things. So I didn't think much of it...Then my friends decided to eat there so I went and... daaanng.. not bad at all! Well maybe I am bias because I have 3 very specific weak spots when it comes to burgers. Avocado, Eggs, and Fries. I ordered the Burger Supreme that comes with an egg, added avocado and a heap of fries so I was happy like a kid visiting toys-r-us for the first time (before realizing my my mom isn't going to buy me everything I wanted).Seriously though. The burgers were pretty solid. I also tried the one with spinach & garlic and it was... well.. full of garlic which I like, though not everyone might. If people can get over paying a premium for a good burger, then you are pretty solid place to go especially with groups.Now the "useful" part: *hint hint* :PBurger Supreme - Bacon. YES. Mushrooms. YES. Egg?! OH YES! Price. Oh Good Lord. - YUMGarlic Spinah & Mushrooms Burger - Solid (solid = good)French Fries - SolidBeer Battered Onion Rings - OKMarbled Sweet Potato Crisps - Eh.. (tho my friend really likes them. It's like chips to me)Jalapeno Rings - Eh.. wish they were biggerSoda - $2.99!? Are you out of your mind! I hate you.Ceasar Salad - S.. yea right! Until next time mr. onion.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,6/9/2013,92,210,2,8,7>A new place that opened up, and similar in style to Boiling Crab! You can choose from shrimp, crab, crawfish (by the pound) and they'll boil it for you and add a garlic/butter and/or lemon pepper sauce! They also have delicious sweet potato fries, and various other fried appetizers. I ordered a pound of shrimp with the combo sauce, and let me say a pound of shrimp is a LOT. Left me full and happy. The sauce isn't as good as Boiling Crab, but it's reasonably priced, close to campus and a fun place to go with friends!Another plus: This place has a lot of seating! (Came with a group of 15+)
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,6/8/2013,216,172,8,18,6>Even after multiple trips here, I have never figured out the proper way to pronounce the name of this place. Let's just stick with "Thai Temple". Fact #1: get to Thai Temple as early as you can, if you want to avoid waiting an eternity and a half in the token line. The place opens at 10am, and one time when we got there at 12:30pm, they were all out of my favorite mango sticky rice. (See Fact #3.)Fact #2: even though the individual items are fairly cheap (under $5), it'll add up rather quickly. Thai tea for $2, a main entree for $7-8, and of course mango sticky rice (see Fact #3) or khanum krog to end the meal ($3-5) - and all of a sudden you're looking at spending an average of $15 for the whole thing. Fact #3: must. try. mango sticky rice. This is the one thing that I can never walk away without buying. It comes with custard, a pretty decent serving of mango, one scoop of white rice and one scoop of purple rice that has had coconut milk poured in. I only recently found out that you can specially request getting two scoops of purple rice (instead of one of each). Mango sticky rice - get it.Fact #4: a piece of advice that I wish someone had told me (and wish that I remembered before each of my spontaneous trips to Thai Temple) - bring tupperware! Their portions are fairly decent sized, so you can store any leftovers in tupperware (or even have them serve the food right in it). Fact #5: the things that you should definitely try at least once include their beef broth (thin noodles are similar to pho, while the wide noodles are similar to chow fun noodles), khanum krog (I personally prefer the traditional green onion ones), and of course the mango sticky rice (see Fact #3 - I've often heard repetition is key to keeping it foremost to one's brain). 5 facts for a 5-star place to eat in Berkeley.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,6/7/2013,193,290,13,20,15>PREFACE:What is that buzzing you hear in downtown Berkeley? No, I'm not talking about the Berkeley High Yellow Jackets. I'm not talking about the whir and sigh of the number 18 bus as it perfunctorily moves down Shattuck without a sideways glance or pause to ask, "How's it goin', B-town?" Even the busses know that there are other places they need to be than my hometown's struggling centre-ville. But then PiQ showed up. And then, whoa- what's that? With newcomers Comal and Belli, we're humming, optimistically.    WHY THIS PLACE IS NOBLE:Build, you had my confidence before I walked in the door. You've transformed the evil past of Passand (Indian restaurant owned by convicted sex trafficker) into an illuminated, massive restaurant, with a throng of employees (many of whom seem to be Cal students) who can now pull themselves up by the bootstraps without having to do barista work all the way in the Mission. Thank you for helping the economy just by joining the neighborhood. FOOD aka THE MAIN POINT:The style of an "order at the counter from an assembly line" restaurant gives the place a bit of a chain restaurant feel, but the food is very tasty. Like, California Pizza Kitchen tasty but a bit better. I loved the pesto and pulled mozzarella as my base, and thought there was a great variety of toppings (mushrooms would have been easier to eat if sliced, not quartered and therefore rolling off my slices). Price of the meal was decent, though pizzas are a bit small so if you load up the toppings, you won't feel any fuller but you'll be paying much more. I heard rumors about more desserts though the only ones I saw that night were frozen yogurt, which is ok but doesn't seem tremendously appealing after a pizza. I don't know why. Something baked would make more sense to me. HOURS:Note that the Yelp hours are not correct and they close at 10:30 PM I think. I walked in at like 10:28 and the hostess and waitress were very good natured about the fact that they couldn't seat us but that we could get takeout and it wouldn't be a hassle for them.This is going to be vital to the downtown community. Keep up the good work!
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,6/6/2013,327,431,16,16,15>With all of our trips to Berkeley, I can't believe it's taken us this long to finally check out Long Life Vegi House. This is a place you could eat lunch at regularly, having something different everyday while not breaking the piggy bank. Especially if you take advantage of the five dolla lunch special... Holla!!!Although instead of lunch we came here for our date night dinner. While not the fanciest atmosphere, in fact it's a bit of a dive. They certainly whip up my type of food at my type of prices. It's most certainly not a place you take someone to get her panties wet. If your charm isn't good enough, this place won't get you very far. However if you're one of those lucky fellas, she will appreciate wherever you take her. The thrill comes from experiencing new moments together.After browsing the expansive menu, I was a little apprehensive of the Vegan credibility of the food considering they also serve sea creatures at this House of Veggies, I'll take Chef Chloe Coscarelli's word for it... chefchloe.com/blog/chloe… Although their fortune cookies do contain egg in them :(Everything we had was really good, bordering on spectacular. The Won Ton Soup hit the spot on a chilly winter night, even though it needed to be spiced up a bit with salt & pepper. The Chicken Fried Rice was really well done in a greasy Chinese sort of way without being as greasy as your usual takeout joint. I really loved the Long Life Vegi Pork in "spicy" Garlic Sauce. Although the sauce wasn't all that spicy, it was quite tasty. I enjoyed the decent amount of bell peppers that were tossed in this dish. Sometimes vegetables end up being more of a garnish, even at "Vegetarian" restaurants. Go figure...I can't wait to come back here to try other items on the menu. At $20 (minus tip) for our meal, it's definitely money well spent. The food is really good without leaving you bloated or in an MSG induced coma as can happen after eating Chinese food. Now I know where they get the name "Long Life" Vegi House... Treat your lady here on date night and find out for yourself!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,6/5/2013,382,382,7,15,10>Welcome to the neighborhood Rubs BBQ Bistro!  Finally got to check out Rubs after being open for about 2 weeks and I'm a fan of this new addition to the Marketplace!This place is set up like Chipotle (or Freebirds) where you enter the line on one side and then move down the row selecting how to customize your meal.  It starts out with choosing your set up (sliders, salad, bowl or wrap), then you choose your meat, toppings and bbq sauce.  I had a salad with the mesquite java chicken, topped it with black beans, corn, shaved red onion and then got spicy bbq sauce on the side.  It was fresh, it was delicious and the salad was a vehicle to taste all the bbq sauce which I did (the spicy is my favorite and the mustard one is my least favorite).We also had a side of sweet potato fries and baked beans.  The fries were good, although a little cold so the clear winner was the baked beans which had great flavor.I should also mention that the place looks gorgeous (they did a fantastic re-model).  So for ambiance, the cool concept, an inexpensive meal that you can't just get anywhere, Yay! I'm a fan!Yelp 100 Challenge: 31/100
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,6/4/2013,333,495,15,19,13>My taste buds are so thrilled I found and tried this place. My waistline, not so much. If they were closer or opened more often I would be in deep calorie trouble and my nickname would be Chubs. After a Friday lunch with Hubs we talked over here for a treat and to cross off a bookmark. As we stepped down the stairs we were immediately greeted by 3 male employees. I didn't know what to think at first but after they greeted us and asked what we liked I knew we hit the jackpot! They were so friendly and hospitable giving us everything they had to sample and telling us about the business. It was like being at granny's house as a kid. I tried the milkshake cheesecake. It wasn't a heavy dense cheesecake. It was light and had a "whipped" type texture with a rich chocolate flavor and crunchy cracker crust. This was like no other cheesecake. This milk shake will bring every man, woman, child and animal to the yard.For cookies we brought home the dark smokehouse, peanut butter chocolate chip and oatmeal raisin. All of them were soft, fresh and sweet. The smokehouse was my favorite with dark chocolate and nuts. We also brought home a peach cobbler. It was sweet like a cobbler but had spice which I never had in a cobbler before. It didn't taste like a sugary overload. It was delicious and would pair nicely with vanilla ice cream. During our visit tons of people were lining up to get their goodies. I could tell they were regulars since they knew exactly what they wanted unlike us newbies. Prices are reasonable. The small tub of peach cobbler was $3.50 and the cookies were 6 for $7.They have different slices of cakes (already in plastic containers) scones, cookies, cobblers and pies available. Misc. info: open Wednesdays and Fridays. Soon to be Mondays too. They are working on a savory scone sandwich and cinnamon rolls. They accept credit cards. Get here early before they run out.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,6/3/2013,833,1145,5,8,7>I love that they chose this place as their second location. I love their original location too, but here, it is more about tasting than for the scene. Here, you can actually have a conversation. Here, you can actually talk to the bartender. Here, it feels more neighborly. Here, you can pick some bottles up afterwards to take home. Just like the original location, they have a daily beer menu. And they offer the same 2 things: great beer and witty on-point descriptions. Lots of Mikkeller served and sold here. Pinkys out!
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,6/2/2013,406,300,7,9,6>What a satisfying bowl of ramen! The broth was soothing. The noodles were springy, just how  I like them. The chashiu was buttery soft. I liked the small touches in the design of the place. Fusion-y but not snooty at all. Had the spicy mison ramen. Very satisfying. My friend had the shoyu ramen. Soothing broth but not as complex as she would've liked. The tempura was good, but the batter was not as light as I generally prefer. The soft-boiled egg was good - wish it was a little softer, but hey, it's hard to get eggs perfect every time. All-in-all a great place to go. I've found my new go-to east bay ramen lunch place. Can't wait to come back and try the Tonkatsu with Mayu!East Bay 100 Photo Challenge:: #1-4/100
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,6/1/2013,186,96,12,13,11>You have no idea how happy I am that Sheng Kee has finally opened.I'm from Cupertino - land of the milk tea and Asian pastries. Seriously, there's an Asian restaurant/bakery around every corner. Berkeley, on the other hand, is a little lacking in that department. There are a bunch of great, affordable Asian restaurants, but there are no good bakeries. Berkeley has UCafe which has mediocre pastries, and Sweetheart's for milk tea, which I completely hate for its watery/overly sweet milk tea.Now HUZZAH - Sheng Kee has come to save me from my Asian bakery withdrawals. Not only are the pastries super tasty, but they're only $1-$2! This is probably not good that it opened right in front of campus because I'll probably be strolling in a couple times a week. Whoops. Guess dieting is gonna be a lot harder.The milk tea is pretty tasty too -  not the best, but I definitely DEFINITELY prefer it over Sweetheart's. I didn't read the reviews before coming in here, so I was super surprised when I saw the huge Purple Kow/Half&Half-like cups.The layout of the store is quite efficient. I went in and there were 10+ people waiting in line but the cashiers were on it. They worked really quickly and I had no trouble getting my pastries.Great place to grab some cheap breakfast/snacks. Definitely check it out if you love pastries like I do.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,5/31/2013,729,164,8,14,12>The Quince Cafe never ceases to amaze.  I found out today that on Saturday's they do Eggs Benedict, and they can do it - GLUTEN FREE.Yes, gluten-free eggs benedict.I repeat - gluten-free eggs benedict.Quince is the only place in the EB (East Bay) that I've found doing a GF (Gluten Free) EB (Eggs Benedict).  It was absolutely amazing!  Delicious.  You know how the best part of eggs benedict is the hollandaise sauce?  They give you an extra little cup of hollandaise to further batter your hash browns with - and they do this by default.  God I love this place.  Here's a photo:  bit.ly/VE2zXiBest breakfast I've had in the East Bay.  Also best breakfast I've had in 2 years.  Phenomenal.  I'm speechless.  This place is an unknown undercover gluten-free heaven.  I'm scared that once the fairly sizeable Berkeley GF community finds out about it, this place will be completely overrun. Tonight is the UYE at the Congo Lounge:  yelp.com/events/oakland-…  I wonder if there would be any interest in a Saturday morning UYE Yelp National Egg Benedict Day at Quince one upcoming weekend in the future.   What do ya think?
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,5/30/2013,54,148,17,5,8>I have a bad habit of beginning reviews with reviews of the restroom of the establishment, and letting that stand as synecdoche for the entire experience. I continue that habit here:The men's room at the Uptown has two urinals, en face, and no toilet. This is a bold and somewhat eccentric move. Who hasn't, at some point, fantasized about removing a toilet in order to double urinal space? Waiting in lines, watching the guy in front of you take entirely too long for your bladder not to angrily do its best to scream at him to hurry up and stop shaking his junk, trying to figure out whether it's poor form to close the stall door if you're just peeing anyway. It's a rocky road to relief--I know. But most of us wait until cooler heads prevail and think through the dire consequences if this decision goes wrong. For is it not a sign of barbarism to leave those in the greatest need to fend for themselves while optimizing for the masses? The bar shits are a calamity we all hope to avoid--but let's face it; they happen. Let's not turn a blind eye in favor of decorum or speed.That having been said, I think this is a great bar. I love that the concert space is separated from the primary bar, so those wanting a drink don't have to fight through throngs of listeners. I like that there's an outdoor area in the back (often sporting a smaller bar with just essentials). I like that there's plenty of space, and I like that every bartender I've interacted with has gone out of their way to be friendly. For some reason, when I head out with my friends, we always end up at a cramped, overpriced, over-loud watering hole, but I'm always glad when our travels turn us back around and we end up here. Thumbs up.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,5/29/2013,317,326,5,8,8>Only been to Lottie's once so far, but I'm definitely a fan.  The shop is adorable and the staff is super friendly.  My husband and I tried the Blue Bottle coffee ice cream and my daughter got the Lemon Marshmallow.  Lemon Marshmallow!  What a great idea for an ice cream flavor!  Both kinds were delicious.  The texture of their ice cream is thick and creamy and perfect.  Who cares if it costs a little more than your typical ice cream place?  You get what you pay for, right?  And what you're getting here is high-quality ice cream in traditional and not so traditional flavors.  Highly recommend!
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,5/28/2013,347,266,4,7,5>Jade's Joy was AMAZING! The waffles here are like Mom's on a Sunday morning. Nothing as good as warm crispy waffles with syrup and butter that continues to melt over the sides. Service was great and the flavor of everything was amazing. Next time I go, I want to try the Mac & Cheese. I thought it was a little early to try but as I looked around I saw many people with it and fried chicken at 10:30am so I know it must be good =P
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,5/27/2013,143,355,5,5,5>Tacos, tacos, come get your tacos! If tacos had a god, it would live in the kitchens of Aguililla Taqueria. Something about two slices of corn tortilla, some onions, some cilantro and some meat all wrapped together and stuffed into a broke college student's mouth, makes this place that orgasmic. They are only a DOLLAR. ONE DOLLAR TACOS EVERYDAY!Not tuesday between 3-6pm, not only on fridays with a coupon, but every single day from when they open to when they close. It means that they're running the most legit taco business in the area. There's over 8 different kinds of meat and my favorite is the chorizo, except they barely have that. Everything is made fresh so even tacos, ever so simple to put together, takes at least a 10 minute wait. But lucky us, even if it is take out or dine it, you'll get free chips and dip to munch on while you wait and to take to go with you. They're not stingy and are super friendly. The interior is very, very clean and it's not exactly a hole in the wall place, but the tacos are hole in the wall delicious and cheap. I can never leave the place with less than 10 tacos. So easy to eat them all and so easy to share. They offer everything else that you'd expect at a Taqueria like burritos, rice plates, specials, nachos, vegetarian options among other entrees and horchata- its fresh and always delicious. Love having this amazing place near by work. There's a bathroom and a huge parking lot. Not hard to find, in a little plaza where the grocery outlet is.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,5/26/2013,61,176,4,13,7>I love hiking in this park, not only because it is so close to home but because it is awesome. Some people believe that Marin County has the best hikes around but the hiking in Joaquin Miller Park I believe is up to par with those found in Marin.The flattest trail for some easy walking is the Bay-Sequoia trail and everyone knows it but the road less traveled in the Big Trees Trail, which has been my favorite so far. Today I took the dogs there and we were nearly a mile in before we saw a single person. The trees are huge here and reminds me a lot of hikes I have done up in the state of Jefferson.The only trouble with this park (minus one star) is the amount of people, when I go out into the wilderness I like to think I'm the only one there. Coming across another person occasionally is fine by me but not 1 every 5 seconds (Bay-Sequoia Trail) . The other thing is you have to watch out for mountain bikers, they come racing down the trail like no other some times.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,5/25/2013,356,481,6,12,10>Mallard, I love you. My friend from El Cerrito is responsible for introducing me to this place, otherwise I would never be drinking in Albany, of all places. We came here to day drink awhile ago and I had a fantastic bloody mary at 2 PM, and we've been coming here to celebrate Thirsty Thursdays for the past few weeks (months for her haha). The inside is pretty awesome, with big couches, a bar with lots of stools, an outdoor patio, an UPPER outdoor patio, pool tables, and a second bar upstairs. Oh, did I mention they also have a photo booth? Did I mention they also sell snacks? Did I mention this place is awesome? Ashley, who works upstairs on Thursdays, is fantastic and always takes really good care of us. She's super friendly and down to earth, and she's on top of her shit when it comes to making and serving drinks in an organized and timely fashion. She also makes sure we remember to close out our tabs at the end of the night =] In my latest drunken stupor here I left my iphone at the bar. The employees saved it for me, and I thankfully did not have to shell out $200 for a new phone/essentially start my life over.Great staff, good and very affordable drinks, comfortable space. Best watering hole ever.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,5/24/2013,182,323,2,9,6>If my sweet tooth hits while I'm on North Side, I will swing by this little bakery to get my sugar fix!A couple favorites:{Ricotta Cheesecake} the light creaminess of the ricotta pairs well with its richer crust. I appreciate the refreshing taste of this cheesecake and don't feel (too) guilty after eating one. Most of the seasonal fruit glazes are delicious, but the PAPAYA and RASPBERRY ones stood out to me the most. And they are usually topped with fresh seasonal fruit as well.{Tiramisu} my other guilty pleasure when I want a richer dessert. The lady fingers and mascarpone made the cake perfectly moist and I loved the decadent chocolate mixed with it. What made this place even MORE perfect is their awesome customer service. After my graduation ceremony in May 2011, I was in the area w/ friends while they grabbed dessert (I was stuffed from Cheeseboard and could not fit another bite in me). The owner saw me in my grad cap and brought out a ginormous sugar cookie shaped as a Cal Bear and said "Congrats on graduating!" It definitely made my day.For a quick sweet treat in Berkeley, I highly recommend Masse's!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,5/23/2013,99,208,,8,5>As a resident of Uptown, it always excites me to see new businesses popping up. Nowadays, there's a lot to be excited about! Camber is an excellent addition to the neighborhood. It's about time we got some Asian food in the neighborhood! We were greeted at the door by a server. It was pretty empty inside save for a few sports fan at the bar staring at the 3 mini-jumbotrons on the wall. The decor is very Oakland- casual and neighborhood-oriented. Our server Eryn was very gracious, told us about the 20% off and made great suggestions for our meal. Do yourselves a favor and get the nam khao- fried rice salad with preserved pork. So good! I had to keep my bf in check when he tried to eat my half. We also ordered the:-samosas (not your typical samosas): flat, crispy, fresh out of the fryer and comes with this deliciously spicy sauce. -bouncing beef: reminds me of "shaking beef" at Out the Door and Slanted Door. Tender, full of flavor and paired with a lemon pepper dipping sauce. -Indian flatbread: soft, light and fresh. The dipping sauce was absolutely amazing. -Lychee martinis: this fell flat unfortunately. It tasted like lychee juice and vodka. I do appreciate Eryn coming over to ask our opinions. We were honest and I mentioned the lychee martinis at Olive. Eryn was excellent and I look forward to being served by her again. Prices were fair. For all the items we ordered, the bill was only $47. By the way, Camber = Cameron and Amber, the names of the owners' son and daughter.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,5/22/2013,342,502,5,9,8>I love Asha!!!  The only other legit boba place in Berkeley besides Sweetheart's, but with the ambiance and yuppie feel of a Teavanna (well, if Teavanna were an actual cafe).  Although the selection of teas are relatively small, what Asha does have, Asha does it right.  If you are getting a drink with milk, you can select what kind (e.g., regular, soy, almond, etc), as well as customize the sweetness level. Being more of a milk tea person myself, I didn't pay much attention to the fruit teas offered, but it looks like there are a lot. I really need to try the pumpkin latte some time, especially since it'll probably be out of season soon, but I keep going back to the matcha latte.  Made with real matcha green tea powder, it is absolutely delicious!  And the pearls were great too, with plenty of chew, but not too sweet (which may mean it's probably on the sweet side for the average person...hehe). My fiance loves their chai latte and will usually get that, with or without boba.The moment you step into Asha, you'll feel like you've been teleported right out of Shattuck to somewhere...$$$er. But honestly, I'd still come here even if it were a dinky little hole-in-the-wall like Sweetheart's on Durant. The drinks + boba are that good.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,5/21/2013,3448,1617,5,14,10>We've gone through a couple chest colds and most recently the flu in our house. The one thing I find most soothing when sick is hot soup. My guy was feeling under the weather so I researched a place to get War Won Ton Soup near home base. When I arrived I asked the lady if they use MSG, which they do not. I get a bad reaction to MSG heavy foods and so it limits the places I actually go. When I find a good spot, I spread the word to all who may have the same reactions. I ordered one War Won Ton soup for my guy, which has Won Tons, Spare Rib Meat, Chicken and Prawns with Vegetables. For myself I ordered the Seafood Sizzling Rice Soup which was great with a light flavor. Both were excellent and very nice light broth soups. I also ordered some crispy egg rolls, I have a weakness for these little rolls and will order them as an appetizer whenever I get soup. They were pretty fat and tasty. Total dinner for 2 was $17.00 which was not bad at all either.Everything was great. Now that I have the menu and an idea of the soups they carry, I'll probably opt for calling in next time instead of waiting for my food. Not that it took very long at all.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,5/20/2013,1948,4780,9,15,17>I had to look up Esqueleto in an online Dictionary - The hard structure (bones and cartilages) that provides a frame for the body of an animal.Yes there's a little Bone Room to this place, and a clear personal reminder of my days living in Northern New Mexico. What Esqueleto really represents is a cool curated boutique featuring a rotating assortment of artists, objects and jewelry.Every time I visit the Temescal Alley, I try to stop by Esqueleto and look around. I do wish there were some lower price points, but it's all beautiful and well considered. I particularly like the rock/crystals (thinking of my Son) and the Jewelry (thinking of Gayle). I also enjoy the artistic Ying and Yang of visiting Esqueleto and the nearby Interface Gallery during the same trip.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,5/19/2013,76,363,4,5,6>WHAT A FIND. This was literally the best restaurant experience I've had in a while. Nothing went wrong and we were even making jokes about finding little things wrong like "Too much ice in my water." haha. Great food, amazing service. The owner (I'm guessing he's the owner) was phenomenal. Treating you like your long lost friends, or family. Laughing, and carrying on conversations with people. He never even writes down your order. You tell him once and he's got it. He's one half of what makes this place great. The other half is the food. We ordered two appetizers. The meatballs, and the mozzarella and risotto croquette. I've read so many reviews talking about these meatballs and had to try them for myself. Words cannot describe the feeling I had when this delicious meatball made love with my taste buds and just sent me almost straight into a food coma. FROM ONE BITE!! The order comes with four, we got five. The croquettes come in a order of two, we got three. Small things like that make the experience that much better. Speaking of the croquettes, freaking amazing. Best "mozzarella stick" we've ever had. Our entrees kept this delicious adventure going. I ordered the lasagna with meat sauce, and she ordered the gnocchi which was on special. I tried a bite of her gnocchi and it was like nothing like any gnocchi I've tasted. It was like mashed potatoes in crusty pasta. That sounds weird but it was so beyond delicious. The lasagna was amazing as well. A nice brick of pasta, cheese, sauce and meat. Hot Hot Hot. He warned us the plates would be hot and hot they were. Just came out of the oven hot. You can see browned marks along the edges of the dish to prove it. I almost didn't want dessert but Terri talked me into it. We ordered the chocolate mousse with caramel. How can this place just be perfect all the way through. You expect even the best places to do something wrong, no matter how small. This dessert you have to try. The chocolate is so rich, and combined with the caramel and salt on top, just pushes it over the edge. If you want an Italian experience, with great Italian food, in a setting that makes you feel like home, with people who love what they do, COME HERE.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,5/18/2013,470,139,3,9,8>These people can handle any kind of film that I can dig up. And I can dig up a lot of really weird stuff from the 80's and 90's. They're fast, they're reasonably priced, and I trust them completely with my old but sentimentally valuable film.More importantly, the staff are amazing. I went there today. Walked in feeling okay, walked out feeling refreshed, charming and pretty. Just flirt with them a little. About film. Be a film flirt. This will go great.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,5/17/2013,503,1251,7,12,9>HAPPY HOUR OYSTER HAPPINESSI should probably make a Yelp list soon of all the Happy Hour (HH) places that serve $1 oysters. This one would top the list. The oysters we had were in these small, thin little shells (almost see-through when empty) and were very likely the best oysters either of us had ever had. East or west coast. They were Chef's Creek and the thin shells sitting on crushed ice made them extra cold as we consumed. I imagine that is part of what made them so memorable.We washed down the $1 sea bites with beers in tall glasses. The bartenders were attentive and fun - I think one was in training. I actually knew one of them from high school (Justin) and he was able to keep his level of professionalism high while being very friendly and chatting with us for a few moments. Quality service all around from the bar staff.It was overall a great experience and we'll be back for more happy hours.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,5/16/2013,366,285,11,11,13>Feel Good Bakery certainly makes me feel great!I love their bread, their cookies are good, the cupcakes are tasty, and the cakes/tarts are delicious as well. I'm not a huge fan of macaroons, but those are okay here as well. I like to buy cakes/tarts from Feel Good Bakery when I need to bring a little somethin' somethin' to a dinner party. Makes for great dessert!I think this bakery would  normally get 4 stars from me, but I'm giving it 5 because I was walking my dog today when I saw a canoe (yes... a canoe!) rigged (can a canoe be rigged?) on top of  a car on Encinal (a street in Alameda); it had "Feel Good Bakery" printed on it, and I noticed a man running around with a little boy. Since the car was parked in front of their yard, I asked the man if he owns Feel Good Bakery. He said yes, and I squealed "I love Feel Good Bakery!", and he said "I love it when people tell me that!" and introduced me to his son Lucas. Why did this encounter inspire me to write this review and give his business 5 stars? Because he was playing "Captain America" with his son (who was probably 8), and I just think that's plain awesome. By both is-this-person-a-good-person AND parenting standards.Well, if I'm being 100% truthful, the fact that they sometimes have bread samples up front provided the final push to 5 stars :)
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,5/15/2013,457,309,4,7,6>The first thing I noticed was the decor -- stunning.  Going into the restaurant, you pass the patio with the firepit going and it immediately makes you want to go in -- fancy but inviting.The service was interesting.. our server was maybe overly eager.  Good to see someone so enthusiastic, but a bit strange haha.The food.  Upon the recommendation of the server, we got the whole fish (Branzino), and we ended up also getting the ravioli and the ribollita.The fish... we had high expectations based on the server mentioning that this dish was the chef's "baby" -- the one he was most proud of.  When it came out, it looked beautiful.  The pros were: the skin had a nice crisp to it, and the sauce on top was delicious and complemented the fish well.  The biggest flaw with the dish, and the reason why I didn't really like it or want more of it was that the fish was a bit overcooked and dry.  I've had Branzinos that were delicate, moist, and light, and this dish was definitely a disappointment.The ravioli was nice but not memorable.  Butternut squash, a bit of cinnamon flavor, topped with a thinly sliced cheese, kale, and walnuts and pine nuts.The ribollita was one of my favorites of the night.  According to our server, ribollita is bread pieces soaked in minestrone soup and topped with a delicately fried egg.  Full of flavor, but a bit overseasoned/salty.The winner of the night was definitely the chocolate budino.  A little denser than a mousse and dangerously chocolate-y and delicious.  I would come back JUST for this dish.. even my friend who usually doesn't indulge in desserts actually kept up on her end of the bargain, eating about half of the dish!  Overall, Lungomare was nice.  I may be back but maybe only for the dessert.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,5/14/2013,340,339,13,16,15>Ube, Buko Pandan, Mango.... Let me give you a moment to let that sink in... What? You only recognize mango? Okay, I forgive you. You must not be Filipino, or you must not have had Philippine ice cream before. If you recognized those flavors, though...GOOD GOLLY GEE! Did you feel like a little child again?!? Were you taken back to the warm, humid, and lazy days of Philippine summer? Isn't the feeling just super?!?Aside from the flavors mentioned above, they also have the standard rocky road, chocolate, vanilla, etc. But really, you can get those flavors from your local grocery store. May I suggest you pretend to be on vacation and try their other tropical flavors like Maui Orange Sherbet and Pineapple? The store is tiny, but the price is more than reasonable. $1 per scoop? This girl is officially a fan! More so, because now I can share my childhood ice cream flavors with my child. Yay, John's!
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,5/13/2013,200,82,31,18,16>Cheese Board, if I could write you a love letter, I would. Oh, what the hell.My Dearest Cheese Board,     It has been months since we last saw each other. I am aching for your golden crust baked to perfection, your endearing cheesiness, and your fresh toppings. If we did not live so far apart, dear Cheese Board, I would visit you every day.      I don't know what I was thinking when I snubbed you that one time and ate at Little Star instead. Please forgive me.      You really know how to take the reins. That's why we work so well together, Cheese Board. I'm the indecisive one in this relationship. It's so sexy when you tell me which pizza to eat.     I long for the day when we meet again.Yours Truly,Jen O.P.S. What's on the menu tomorrow??
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,5/12/2013,744,496,13,26,17>Juhu Beach Club is named after a funky beach in Mumbai, which apparently  is densely packed with fantastic street food. [Cue salivation] JBC has all the trappings of a fantastic restaurant worthy of our rapidly growing, little foodie nabe, Temescal. It's got the hip menu. Yeah, you guessed it, Indian street food. It's got the hip staff - a fun and funky pair of waitresses were on the floor when I went for the neighborhood pre-opening party. The super-chill owner-chef, Preeti, is someone you'd like to have hanging out with you your kitchen. But with all the colorful decor and crazy Mumbai taste sensations here, let me assure you...you'd much rather hang out with her in her kitchen! Seriously, I love the open kitchen because it feels casual here - and they've brightened up the old SR24 space so that it feels fun and intimate, instead of isolated and cold. Even the sign out front has the funky, Juhu juju working. All-in-all, extremely hip, with no detectable attitude. Refreshing!The menu appears to be incredibly well put together, but I'll leave that to the pros to decide. For the neighborhood wing party, Temescalians got to try the spicy goodness of the roasted Vindaloo Chicken Wings with Point Reyes blue cheese and a perfectly-paired lager, Taj Mahal. They were also serving the Straus Dairy Vanilla Soft Serve. I topped mine with some mind-blowing chai-spiced candied pecans and passion fruit syrup. Not just delightful, but the perfect finish to all the savory spiciness on the front end. The menu heralds some very interesting salads - and masala fries I can hardly wait to try. Plus, six beers and several wines on tap. Can you say Speakeasy? Mostly I'm eager to get back to explore one particular corner of the menu. I have my eyes on the "Pavs"  - likely to be all the rage here -- from sloppy veggie to fried potato puff to chicken and slaw to short rib and cuke.It may be premature to set on a number of stars based on a few dishes, but I'm a Yelper and what we Yelpers do for each other is offer some signals. Turn this way for good grub. Detour from same-old-same-old and turn that way for a new place fresh and local flavor. If necessary, u-turn to avoid a stinker. Which is all to provide context for my four-star review. I can easily see this being a five-star joint...but they haven't even opened yet. However, it's hard to imagine JBC falling at less than a three. So for now, I'll give it four stars and promise to be back soon to offer a definitive rating, my dear Yelp friends.Note: JBC is in the little shopping center just west of Telegraph. Enter the parking lot from 51st Street or 52nd Street . JBC is across the lot from Temescal Produce Market and directly next to La Calaca Loca.Update: They're now open for lunch. The Pavs are all that. A must order. Just add a few to any meal! I just added the 5th star, they deserve it.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,5/11/2013,216,493,5,9,7>Lucky Livermorians!Adding Patxi's Pizza to charm filled downtown Livermore was a good move on Patxi.  All the high-techies that live and work in the area can now chow down on their Chicago style pizzas and down their favorite beer with it.  I do envy them.I would had never known about this area of Livermore if it wasn't for a private pre-opening party I attended.  Now that I know, you bet I'll be throwing down my hard earned money here.I tried a bunch of items and have no complaints on any of them!1) Spinach Pesto Deep Dish - this is one of my favorite's of all time and it reminded me of Zach's Pizza (more on Zach later)2) Greek Deep Dish - You can taste the artichoke, feta and I loved loved loved the sliced green olives that lay on top.  I"m an olives girl!3) BBQ Chicken Deep Dish - If your into Chicken and BBQ sauce, this is the one you'll need to order.4) Picante thin crust - Spicy salami and hot coppa - oh yum.  This one made me feel like a pimple was going to grow out instantly.  Very good.  5) Bianco Verde - this one didn't have any meat on it.  There were blobs of fresh riocotta on top to make this taste ultra Italiano!6) Ceasars salad - very traditional stuff but the croutons were home made with lots of parmThe staff was super friendly, responsive and helpful.  And I even chatted with one of the partners for a bit.  He gave the lowdown on how Patxi helped grow Zachary's pizza and eventually branched off on it's own. Smart move, my man!  Now there are 7-8 locations across the Bay Area and making peoples stomachs happy...including mine :)NOTES: Lots of street parking.  Seems to be parking in the back of the restaurant.  Decor is nice.  Full bar, but of course.  TV's for those night you wanna watch sports while you lovingly eat pizza with beer.  NEED TO KNOW:  There's even a vegan pizza available - didn't know there was such a thing since pizza is known for cheesy cheese.  I await a fellow yelpers review on that item before I attempt to try it.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,5/10/2013,187,301,9,7,6>(O')DOYLE RULES! Yes, I've watched entirely too much Billy Madison in my lifetime. But hey, Doyle Street does rule. Why? I'll tell ya...1) They have a parking lot! Woot woot!2) Their prices are about $2-3 less than what I usually expect to pay for brunch.3) They have REAL corned beef hash. Don't get me wrong, I love that all-American-looks-like-dog-food-corned-beef-in-a-­can, but I'm not about to pay someone to heat canned food for me. Well, not in a restaurant anyway.4) When they ran out of orange and grapefruit juice they gave us goblets (not flutes) filled with champagne and charged us for the price of mimosas. Talk about service!5) Honey pecan butter. Yes.6) They know how to cook eggs.7) Home fries are BOMB.Why no 5 stars, you ask? They ran out of cornbread! Wahhh...
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,5/9/2013,259,248,8,13,13>This is hands down my favorite breakfast joint in the East Bay.The reason it has taken me so long to review it is because of my futile hope that it won't attract any more people to it's already crowded location; however, good food needs no endorsement.Tucked away in the heart of downtown Danville, this non-assuming cafe-style breakfast joint churns out some serious grub for the seemingly endless line of hungry patrons that await at the register. From the ethereal sugar dusted Beignets to the perfectly poached Eggs on Levain Toast, Sideboard has a little something to suit anyone's palate without leaving you comatose from the portions. And because of their organic sourcing of ingredients, I can almost make myself believe that the Maple soaked French Toast with Berries I just inhaled was actually healthy for me....almost...Also, no matter how packed it gets, finding seating isn't too difficult as long as you don't mind squeezing into one of the communal tables to enjoy your food with the locals. (Don't worry, once the food get dropped off even the most bashful diner is sure to have their attention arrested by their plate.)Oh, and did I mention that they brew Blue Bottle awesomeness and serve their Lattes and Mochas in breakfast bowl-sized mugs?Well...I guess the words out.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,5/8/2013,703,337,7,9,8>Omg, you must try the cupcakes!  The staff here are super friendly and I sincerely appreciated them letting me try several samples...What other bakery does that?  I tried the red velvet, carrot cake ,coconut, chocolate peanut butter, and another flavor that has a cherry on top and I believe pineapple in the middle.   All the cupcakes have a filling inside which gets bonus points from me.  These truly are a delicious well balanced cupcake that is sweet but not over the top.    Out of the ones I tried I liked them all equally, but the red velvet was exceptional.  The bakery also has some other baked goods and the zebra bar is soooo good.  I also love the decor of this place, but there is not any seating inside, which really is not necessary I suppose.  This is a great addition to Lafayette!
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,5/7/2013,628,530,20,19,14>Hi.  My name is Susan and I'm an noodle soup-aholic.  You might think this is a funny line to get you to read my review. But it's not.  If there are 21 meals in a week,  I can reliably say at least 5 of those are noodle soup of some kind.  That is a little over 21% of my meals.   If I'm making dinner at home for myself, at least 75% of the time it will be some mix of easy to make broth, noodle, egg, tofu and veggie.You name it, I love it.  Wonton noodle soup, ramen, pho, tom yum noodle, or even grandma's chicken noodle soup.... My favorite place for classic Pho in Oakland is Pho Ao Sen.  Simply said, I love their broth.  I don't add any sauces because it is just that good.  I also love the slightly above average quality of their meats.  I love that it is surprisingly clean.  I do not really like the lines and sometime slow service.  I try and have late dinner when I come here. Or I come on rainy weekdays when people don't want to leave their house.   That being said, I love their noodles so much I can't take away that last star...I just can't *salivating while typing.*Key Things To Remember Here:-Cash Only!-Pho is AMAZING.-Pho Ga (chicken pho) is artful in its simplicity and well worth not looking as adventurous as your fellow diners.-Bon Bo Hue is good if you are craving it, but not as good as Pho King.-Asian people who still have crappy rice rockets or old people in Hondas WILL try and smash your car (or you) in the parking lot...you think I'm talking about a sterotype, but honestly, these two events have happened...more than once.  -You are on East 12th st and 12th St.  Don't fear for your life, but don't go for a evening walk around the area after you are done swinging your Louis Vuitton bag.  Especially not towards International (it's surprisingly more sketchy than their previous location despite only a few blocks difference).  Stay safe lovely Yelpers! My name is Susan. I'm a noodle soup-aholic....and I plan on staying that way. Peace.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,5/6/2013,91,181,9,13,13>On top of being the oldest brothel in Oakland (no longer operating these services, sorry kids!), the Fat Lady has a local charm that is all its own. Despite being located on the fringes of "Jack London Square," the Fat Lady does not adopt a modern, trendy atmosphere like a lot of its neighboring spots, and delivers food and booze that transcend a chic interior.I will say, the interior is a delight here-  it's dark, rich, and warm and reminded me of the hundred-year-old family Italian restaurants back east.  Makes you wanna wheel and deal ;)  Also, their Christmas decorations are kooky, kitschy, and creative.  They keep them up through Chinese New Year, so stop in if you can.  It's such an interesting vibe, this cozy old-world restaurant saturated with handmade white cutouts and streamers, dotted with red lanterns.  You almost can't see the faux Tiffany lamps from the bar!I've been coming here for cocktails/nightcaps for a while, and have finally had the pleasure of eating the Fat Lady's food!  For brunch, try their extra-hashed corned beef hash-  lite on the fat, chopped up nice n small.  Also, the Dungeness crab and artichoke omelet was fantastic- with large lumps of crab and artichoke pieces.At about $10-13 per brunch item, it's a steal.  I came here at about 11:15am for a table on a Sunday brunch.  Not only did I easily find parking, but I only had to wait for my guest, not for a table!  Also, some ridiculously attentive service without being pushy.Now, I think it goes without saying that the bar at this joint is on point, but I'm still gonna go ahead and say it: The bar at this joint is on POiNT!Attractive bartenders, who can offer you more than just a pretty face- have them create something for you if you're lazy like me and just want "SOMETHING WITH GIN."  Once, they didn't have a certain ingredient for a certain cocktail I ordered ::GASP:: and quickly made me something new and different that still captured the flavors and taste I was looking for. Pretty impressive!Still haven't tried their dinner, but I will give them 4 stars for always (whether its the food, the vibe, the bartenders, the patrons, or the right amount of cocktails) making me feel cozy and welcome! :)
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,5/5/2013,287,221,9,9,7>Ahh love...Lets face it--when you are dining out with someone that makes you tingle all over, you can think a can of tuna limp noodle casserole dish with ketchup sauce and a glass of white zin from a box tastes like Russian caviar and Cristal Champagne.  While staring deep into your lover's beautiful mesmerizing blue eyes all you can think is "pinch me I must be dreaming...."Alas...you begin to settle into reality (honeymoon is over) and your taste buds come back down to earth.  That's when you realize that you eating a hostess cupcake, not lavender infused creme brulee.But all love is not lost...not if you come to Toast, which boasts not only a richness in fine wines and spirits, and sustenance, but an ambiance suitable to make any first date fall in love.My handsome man and I were celebrating a special occasion so we came here to have a little quality time.We instantly felt at ease with the soft ceiling lighting, complimented with a bold neon red display behind the bar.  The hostess Meghan was very sweet and accommodating (when we had to push our reservation back  "no problem"), and the waitress was extremely friendly and excited when we told her it was a special occasion. I could also tell by the way the employees interacted, that there was good energy bustling within.  That's always a good sign to me.Everything is farm to table here, and it shows.  Nothing is overdone, seasonings are used to enhance the flavors of the food, not overshadow them.Plates are small, but you feel satisfied with the amount of food when you have wine/cocktails to pair it with.I wouldn't say the prices are low, but they are about right for what you receive.  My man was feeling generous and splurged on a pricier wine (it was superb) so that might have skewed our tab in the higher direction, but overall I'd say it was worth it.You can also order "tastes" of wine if you don't want to decide on one bottle and those range from 3- 6 depending on the size.I'm glad I listened to my boyfriend and let him make the decision on where to go to celebrate our evening.  I couldn't have asked for a better service or surrounding.Just when I thought the honeymoon was over...he lifted me back into space again...Thank you to all at Toast for a memorable meal/night!
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,5/4/2013,111,134,6,16,10>Cheeseboard or Sliver? The debate continues. The first time I walked into Sliver, I couldn't help noticing all the striking similarities: the chalkboard signs, the pricing, the vegetarian one pizza a day, the green chile sauce, the free slivers, the woven baskets, the jazz music. Everything screamed Cheeseboard in my head. There are a few things Sliver has that Cheeseboard doesn't though such as the large dining space with more tables and a bar. This location is also much closer to campus for all the lazy college students.Having been to Cheeseboard more times than I can count, it's refreshing that Sliver offers different toppings that I've never seen before such as brussel sprouts (yum!) and eggplant. The pizza is just as delicious at both locations, but it's nice to have a different variety of options to choose from. I haven't seen the green sauce at Cheeseboard lately since they might only be selling it now rather than leaving squeeze bottles out for people to use, but Sliver still has it and they offer a reddish orange sauce also. These are both slightly spicy and add a dimension of flavor to the pizza. Conclusion? Check the website for both restaurants to view the weekly menu so that you can pick which you like better and go to that one!
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,5/3/2013,341,458,6,17,17>Two years after writing my first review, I'm still fostering dogs for Dusty Paws.  Our family has rescued 8 dogs, one after another.  Some of them literally a day before their time was up at the shelter.  It feels so good to save the life of a sweet, loving dog.  But it feels even better to match it with its new forever family, knowing it's a perfect fit.  I love, love, love getting happy updates, even Christmas cards, from the new families of our rescued dogs.  I just wanted to address those Yelpers who were trying to re-home their dogs and were made to feel bad about it.  I know you already are sad about your decision, and nobody intends to make you feel worse.  The fact is that rescue organizations do not have unlimited resources and cannot take all dogs.  Dusty Paws dogs are all fostered in volunteers' homes, and there is no shortage of dogs in need of rescuing.  We do what we can.  Re-homing an older dog is difficult to do, and traumatic for the dog.  So please understand if we want to make sure you've exhausted all your options to keep your pet before surrendering it.  It's really not intended to hurt you personally.  We think of pets as permanent members of our family.If you are searching for a new family pet, Yes, check Dusty Paws (website above and on Petfinder).  Also check the local shelters and petfinder.  Do your homework, and find that forever friend that is your perfect match.  Peace.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,5/2/2013,140,99,9,13,12>First off, thank goodness I was finally able to get a bowl of Ramen that I didn't also have to fight over a seat for.  I'm guessing its because people are too drunk or asleep during the witching hour that this pop-up blinks into existence for. Yonsei does everything just right. I like a simple bowl of ramen that doesn't try to throw any tricks at you.  Noodles are springy, broth is clean,  mushrooms aren't soggy, Shoyu is flavorful and doesn't taste like a salt bath, and the pork belly melts, MELTS! -- you should consider ordering an extra serving. Probably the only thing that i wasn't quite impressed with was the slow cooked egg, but at least they had it.I like a bowl of Ramen that doesn't make me feel parched an hour later from Sodium and MSG overload.  No worries here.  And if you're thirsty, nothing washes ramen down better then some Asahi on draft.  Unfortunately this heavy late night bar district doesn't make for easy parking.  The fact that on every Friday/Sat morning at 12am one side of the street closes down for Oakland's street sweep cash grab, makes things worse.  Make sure you keep an eye out for the restriction signs, and for ramen's sake hide anything you have lying around in your car.  Pros:  Nice bar atmosphere, good bowl of quality ingredients.Cons: Limited hours.  Portions are small, but decent for a $9 bowl.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,5/1/2013,767,878,6,8,9>YOLO (actually pronounced show-low) Tacqueria!Oakland has another centralized taqueria spot worth checking out of. Granted its a bit more modern and hipster-fied to fit the general uptown scene but it'll due. I've tried this place on several occasions but the biggest reasons to come here are the following items:-Surf and Turf Burrito: (instagram.com/p/TJ_fFWHh…)-The "Vampiro Taco" (instagram.com/p/TJ_oe1nh…)-Camarones Taco (although in the picture, I did not get to try the Achiote Pollo taco it was for a friend: instagram.com/p/TJ_wFQHh…)Although the surf and turf is somewhat smaller than conventional taqueria standards. It was compact, flavorful and not as messy. The only downside to this item was the lack of surf.. (don't be too stingy with the shrimp, I only tasted two).The Vampiro Taco, the melted cheddar infused in a miniature tortilla wrapping, with its nicely diced cilantro and pieces of al pastor sang my brunch praises.For me however what really knocked it out of the park was the camarones (shrimp). Arbol Aioli + Perfect Battered Fried Shrimp = A Dozen of these things to go, when I'm hungover on some Macallan 21 or Johnny Walker Blue.For these three items alone you are looking at $15.00, with tax and no tip. Kind of hefty but again I understand they use a bit more premium ingredients. Maybe if it were cheaper or in the future if they have Taco Tuesdays (a SoCal culture type of thing with tacqueria and taco stands). I would probably come here more often. 3.5 but bumped to 4 due to the flavor of said food.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,4/30/2013,188,373,7,9,7>Hidden away in a small, characterless shopping center is this wonderful little cafe.First, if you can find it, then congratulate yourself.Second, seafood is more costly than other foods, but Tugboat provides good seafood at better prices.  This is not a splurge;  it's priced in line with a good burger.Third, it's cute inside.  Nautical theme, light blue paint job, fish hanging from the ceiling.  Nothing that grabs your attention, but sets the tone as a casual, relaxing spot.  And it's kept clean, which only some cheap restaurants do.Fourth, and most important, the food.  Tasty, just the right temperature, edible fries - er, chips.  I had fish & prawns, my hunny had shrimp, all three were winners.I think she'll want to go there again - but with me;  she might get lost trying to find the place.  Bottom line:  Tugboat is a place worth finding.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,4/29/2013,732,444,7,8,9>I love me a good bakery - I don't think anything puts me in a better mood than the heavenly aromas of freshly baked goods. La Farine does many things, and many of them are done exceptionally. For example, their fruit tarts are phenomenal; the pastry is buttery and flaky, the crème pâtissière filling is delicious, and the fruit selections are beautiful. They also do breads well; I don't think I've tried a bread from La Farine I didn't like. I'm a huge fan of their raisin nut bread and raspberry walnut scones; the challah is decent; and they make a savory Gruyere pizza-bread that is delicious. The one thing that repeatedly disappoints me is their inability to get chocolate desserts down. I am a true choco-holic. I get depressed when I go too long without it. What's worse than going without it, though, is buying a chocolate treat only to discover that it doesn't taste as good as it looks. When you spend your whole day fantasizing about that chocolate butter cream cupcake, it's painful to discover that an average cookie tastes better. A day's worth of fantasies, wasted!!! Le sigh. So, after multiple attempts, I'm sad to report that I find myself defeated. I cannot find a chocolate dessert at La Farine that is worth the purchase price. I've even carted home holiday cupcakes only to find them dry and decidedly unremarkable. Huge faux pax for a French bakery! Stick with the tarts and pastries and you'll never weep into your chocolate frosting.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,4/28/2013,783,516,10,13,13>What a gem! During spring cleaning, I found an old rewards check from OpenTable for $20 towards a meal. The check expired in less than a week. I saw this as an opportunity to try a nice restaurant in the East Bay, and a Yelp search led me to A Cote. Oh, how I wish I knew of this restaurant sooner! First, DAT DRANK LIST. It is long. Cocktails, mocktails, bubbly, wines, beers, whiskies, you name it, there is a very strong chance they have it. For such a small restaurant, we were very impressed. The wine flights are pretty inexpensive, too, ranging from $13-$40ish for three pours. More importantly, the food was great! Even though they call themselves a restaurant for small plates meant to be shared, the two savory dishes we chose could easily be entree portions and I was bummed that I couldn't comfortably order more food. (The cheese plates and pomme frites looked so delicious!) We chose a sausage flatbread and the pork osso bucco with green polenta and hazelnut gremolata (see pics). We both said, "Wow, this is really good!" with our first bites of each plate, priced at $17 a piece.We were debating on splitting a brown butter rhubarb cake with rhubarb ice cream or the coup de a cote, their signature dessert that is always on the menu. The server described the latter as a "fancy ice cream sundae" so we opted for that and I almost ordered a second! So decadent! I loved the different textures and levels of chocolate flavor. Two larger plates, a cocktail, and dessert came to $56 before tip. Not bad!A Cote is a great place for a date, a girls night, or even to take your parents when they visit from out of town. I truly can't wait to come back.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,4/27/2013,563,337,8,16,13>A whole restaurant dedicated to Mac and cheese.... sounds like a cheesy land of goodness that can only exist in Oakland, Right?! Well, it kinda is.  And its hella good.  Are you lactose intolerant or simply vegan?  They have a vegan Mac and cheese just for you. And if for some reason you're not that into Mac and cheese... they have a tasty brunch and sandwich menu as well that includes a BLT that is to die for.They also have wine and beer pairing options for your Mac and cheese...  Now that's Oaklandish.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,4/26/2013,81,74,7,9,8>Great sandwiches, meats, and salads.  Go on Tuesdays, because they'll double-stamp your frequent buyer card.  I can't decide if I'm proud or embarrassed that I'm the Yelp duchess of this place.The pulled pork sandwich is my favorite.  I was impressed even after moving here from Atlanta.  The sandwich is good on the regular soft roll (which is the default), but it tastes even better on a hamburger bun (which you can ask them to do... white or wheat!).  The only thing is, on a hamburger bun, it's a much smaller sandwich... so if you've got a giant appetite, that's probably not gonna work for you.  Anyway, the pulled pork sandwich used to come topped with shredded lettuce, tomato, and mayo, but I guess they changed it recently -- now it's topped with coleslaw.  I'd advise asking for extra BBQ sauce on the side.Their fries are amazing... and really I think they're my favorite fries I've had anywhere.  You can get them regular or sweet potato -- both are seasoned with tequila lime, and both come with a creamy BBQ dipping sauce.The BBQ chicken salad is my other go-to.  Kinder's grills some reallyyyy good chicken.  Flavorful, moist, and tender.  The rest of the salad is crisp, crunchy iceberg, shredded carrots, cucumber, cheddar, cherry tomatoes, and avocado.  The creamy BBQ salad dressing is delicious, and I say that as someone who's incredibly picky about salad dressing.The loaded baked potato with pulled pork is delicious - you can also choose one of their other meats, if you want.  It comes with cheese, BBQ sauce, butter, and sour cream.  Personally, I avoid the butter and sour cream, and I ask for fry-sauce on the side instead.The ball tip is good, but definitely not my favorite thing at Kinder's.  I do like that it comes with a free drink.There's only one thing I don't like -- the incredibly salty BBQ beef sandwich.  It's sort of like a gigantic hot pocket... a long, hollowed out sourdough roll stuffed to the brim with shredded BBQ beef, sauce, onions, and cheese.  WAY too salty, ugh!! I felt like I was eating a lifetime supply of sodium.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,4/25/2013,215,284,5,11,7>Mangonada -Everything I love about Mexico in a cup!Refreshing guiltless fresh mangos with mango sorbet, dash of chile, garnished with a magical stick of tamarindoOoOoooh...I'm so excited this cute dessert joint opened up next to my favorite taqueria. Usually we cross our fingers hoping the churro lady or the mango man is outside the taqueria after dinner... but yay for Neveria!! I can surely count on some sugary sweet satisfaction with dessert from Neveria. They serve up mean looking crepes and sundaes. Their ice cream is house made and they have a good variety to choose from. I will definately be back to try everything on the menu. Yes, it's one of those places you'll find yourself coming back to, just to try everything at least once. There was a line but it moves fast. Can't wait to come back to try their ice cream!
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,4/24/2013,1211,478,12,19,16>House Rabbit Society is the absolute gem in the Rabbit World and I am so lucky to be living so close to it!Not only are there adorable bunnies waiting for a forever home, they also have a indoor store that sells everything your bunny would ever want, and they also provide boarding for rabbits.I recently had to board my bundle of love at House Rabbit Society and he had his own personal pen, filled with fresh hay and toys.  There are also awesome volunteers that attend to his every need and even spent time playing with him throughout the day.I was even able to call and see how he was doing, these people truly care about bunnies because I was even asked if I wanted to talk to my bunny through the phone.If you're looking to add a furry member to your family, come to House Rabbit Society to get educated about these cuties!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,4/23/2013,3617,1853,26,28,26>Dan Sung Sa, aka the Porno Bar, is a fun and funky Korean restaurant in the newly named district of Oakland, KoNo, or KoreaTown Northgate. KoNo is roughly around Telegraph and 27th, extending several blocks in both directions on Telegraph Avenue. Korean business are popping up all along this corridor. Dan Sung Sa is called "The only Porno Bar in Oakland" because it has a lot of old movie posters plastered all over the entry way, and the walls inside, some of them a little risqué in subject matter. (But no real Porno! Get that on-line!)The set-up is sort of like a brothel or jail, with individual tables inside wood latticed cubby holes, which offers great privacy for, well, er, eating! Korean that is!  Pigging out, or maybe porking it.With K-Pop and slow beat M rated US hip-hop being piped in, and yogurt flavored Soju and Beer on the menu, with special Food and Soju combos, this place is ready to set the mood for some shenanigans now or later. I came fairly early, accompanied by my fabulous Yelpalicious honey, the Mad Hattrix Kim D, to share in some Korean delights. We were welcomed and served by the uber cute Agatha, who could star in a K-Drama or K-Pop video herself, she is so darling. But she was very attentive and gave us both great head.....s'up on the menu. Dan Sung Sa has exploited the Porno Bar nickname, with dishes like Porno Bar fries, and other red light delights. The Mad Hattrix (sans hat today, but don't tell anyone!) went for Kalbi short ribs, and I went for Dolsot BiBimBop, and we split a drinker's appetizer tray of julienned cuttle fish, Nori strips, and Peanuts. Ms. Hattrix also went for the Korean Chawan Mushi, or egg souffle.Just to stay in the Porno Bar mood, I had a Jinro Soju as well.I really like this place, and can see how it could be very popular with the younger crowd, with its private booths (or long campground tables for groups), the funky beats and K-Pop hits, the cute waitress, the Movie/Porno theme, and the Tag or Graffiti-at-will-all-over-the-walls-and-wood decor.Bring your itch (for Korean) and your Sharpie to the Porno Bar and have a great time getting off! Er, welI, I mean eating out!  Oops, you know, stirring up the hot pot! Gulp! Getting a piece of hot, spicy meat in your mouth!  Uh, oh, well you know what I mean, don't you?
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,4/22/2013,13,164,3,6,6>I finally stopped at this place to give it a try, glad I did. Its a little stand on Fremont Blvd in the patio area of Fremont Flower Shop. Small joint that packs big flavors in their food. We had the fattoush chopped salad that had pita chips, pomegranate seeds, cucumber and the dressing had lots of herbs and had a tangy taste (approx $5-$7 depending on size).  We also ordered Mexican style taquitos which are filled with chicken, topped off with sour cream, chopped lettuce and a salsa verde which was crazy good. ($3.99) This reminded me of how my grandmother cooks them, so I can say they taste legit. My sis also ordered the strawberry and chocolate crepe and she was very pleased. They don't have fountain drinks, they just have cooler with drinks, I got a bottle water for $1. The staff of two were really nice, offered sampling of other food...the menu seems to be a mix of food (not very American as categorized on yelp)  and will come back to try the lamb Gyros. We didn't wait long for our food and on a nice day, the outdoor seating is perfect. But  bring a sweater for the little ones as its shaded and can get chilly for them . Per one of the owners, this place is open Mon-Saturday  so pick up a menu you can call ahead. Love to support little local joints like this especially when the food is tasty and service is down home friendly!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,4/21/2013,17,13,17,20,13>Like the dandelions on my front lawn, tattoo shops are popping up all over the damn place...and it would appear as though tattoo artists are the new real estate agents; Everybody thinks they can do it. It's just not so. When it comes to big purchases or, oh I don't know, art that's going to be on your body for the rest of your life, it's kinda important to get somebody who knows what the hell they're doing. That's why you should go here. Sacred Rose is an institution that's been around for almost 15 years now. They most definitely are not in the fly-by-night category. Even more important are the artists who work there. They're not fresh-outta-art-school hacks. They're pros. My first experience here was nothing but awesome. I worked with Karen from start to finish after a very high recommendation from a friend. (He basically said he'd break my arm if I went to see anyone else.) Within just a few weeks of my initial phone call, I had a consultation set up. A week and a half after that I had lightning bolts on my arms. And there was much rejoicing. Seriously. Don't get sucked in by somebody working out of their garage who can "do it cheaper."  When you pay average prices you get average work from average artists. Econ 101. It's just that simple. Go here. Or I'll break your arm.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,4/20/2013,97,123,6,5,7>To celebrate my 100th review (woohoo!), I choose Enssaro because 1. the food is delicious 2. it is a family owned restaurant and 3. it's in my neighborhood, the best of all worlds! The food here is fresh and delicious. Though I am not vegetarian, I always order the vegetarian combo because it's incredibly tasty. The meat combo is also good. Each time I've been here, our combo tray has included a lentil or other bean dish, a cooked vegetable dish, salad in the middle of the tray, and 1-2 other sides. Injera comes with every meal (I believe). The food is hearty, yet not over filling or heavy, and the flavors are light and perfectly combined, as if someones mom is in the back putting her signature touch on every dish. Go mama! The staff is cool, the ambiance is warm and cozy and they also serve wine/beer/tea/coffee.It's a great spot to go to with friends, a group of four is perfect, and usually groups share a tray of food, so everyone may want to wash their hands first. Just sayn
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,4/19/2013,291,487,2,9,8>What a cute little family owned vegetarian/vegan Japanese restaurant...in Concord!  They occupy the space that was previously Japan House, then Watami Sushi.  The place is small, probably only 25 people max can dine at one time.  But somehow it doesn't feel cramped & the owners are very nice & welcoming.My auntie took me here the other night after she had tried it a few days after opening.  She warned me that they were not yet serving beer, but when we arrived on Friday night I was pleasantly surprised to see some Kirins in the fridge.  Yay!  I could have stuck with tea (they had a very nice selection) but Japanese food on a Friday night calls for a beer or 2.The menu is large & somewhat confusing (I didn't understand the combination section so I skipped over it completely).  But there are so many different items & some really interesting & healthy options.We started with the pan fried gyoza, made with cabbage, carrots, & onion.  They were good but the gyoza sauce made them even better.  We also ordered the spinach & Chinese broccoli with peanut sauce.  Delicious!  The broccoli was very crunchy & there was plenty of peanut sauce on the side (no skimping here).  We ordered 1 sushi roll (I can't remember the name) & they brought us 2...one on the house! They were both chock full of with fresh veggies and one of them had tempura veggies.  I loved the tempura sweet potato in the sushi roll.  What a great idea.Lastly we ordered a bowl of buckwheat soba soup with mushrooms.  The bowl was huge & had large chunks of portabello mushrooms.  This was a meal in itself but we managed to eat it along with all the other items we ordered.The sign outside said "10% off your meal", so our whole bill (along with 2 beers) came to only $33.  Crazy!  What a great deal & so close to home.Vegetarian Japanese food is delicious & very filling.  You won't even miss the raw fish, I swear.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,4/18/2013,274,204,16,7,11>Here's a little rap I wrote about this place (I'm trying to make it in the rap game)Iity Biity Cafe Biere Their $16 bottomless mimosas are delicious, so bewareAloe, guava, tamarind and lychee just to name a fewJust keep track how many glasses you have or you'll be seeing two!The music here is always on pointFor a tiny little divey jointThe monte cristo is what I recommendcrispy, flaky, savory and sweet...it definitely is a Godsend.And I'm out! haha
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,4/17/2013,187,234,6,8,5>TIP: You don't HAVE to get all-you-can-eat. The regular menu is just the right amount of food at a good price so that you don't leave feeling like you just lost an arm and a leg, AND like you're about to burst. I don't think those two feelings mix. I felt like Goldilocks here. Let me explain. Like Goldilocks, I pretty much got lost getting to the restaurant. Located in a remote area of Fremont--in the neighborhood is a McDonald's, Subway, an intersection of not-oft used roads, and the Tesla plant on the other side of 880--this gem of a Korean restaurant is very hidden, but worth the trek. Like Goldilocks, I kept analyzing the serving sizes, and found them to be perfect at Bob Sang's. Each person gets their own set of side dishes--a definite plus in my book! Each entree comes with rice, salad, and soup (no soup if you ordered a soup entree), and when you add your individual entree serving with all of your accompaniments, you get the perfectly-sized meal. Enough with me acting like Goldilocks--on to the food! It was a cold and blustery day, so I ordered the kimchi tofu soup. It had just enough spiciness to make me heat up and really enjoy the flavor of the cabbage and tofu. Soups come with raw egg in the middle that becomes cooked by the warmth of the broth. My Mom ordered the seafood soup, which was not spicy. The small pieces of crab, squid, shrimp, and fish all added to thestrong, sweet flavor of seafood. My brother ordered BBQ short ribs on a sizzling platter--exciting in presentation and delicious to eat! It tasted just as smoky and yummy as if we had BBQ'd it ourselves. My Dad ordered the spicy shrimp saute, which came with a wealth of sauteed onions. It didn't taste too strongly of shrimp, but the flavor of the sauce complimented the texture of the shrimp well. Unlike Goldilocks, I didn't feel the need to nap after eating lunch here. That's a sign of good food--delicious and an abundance of variety, but not heavy or overwhelming in size.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,4/16/2013,110,127,3,8,8>I was able to try Suzette Crepe Cafe recently and its definitely got me hooked. I had no idea how much variety there was to something as simple as a crepe! They are reasonably priced, great as brunch or snacks and some are excellent follow-ups to a bigger meal as a dessert.I had the Bangkok which was full of vegetables, grilled chicken, peppers, cilantro and peanut sauce. It was a generous portion of crepe that will allow room for more if you're hungry but will probably satisfy the light eaters. If you are a fan of Thai food like I am, then I highly recommend the Bangkok.For the sweet crepes, I had the Campground which was full of marshmallows, rich chocolate sauce, graham cracker bits and powdered sugar. It was also quite tasty! I would recommend sharing this with a friend or family member though as it is pretty substantial by itself!There are literally dozens of places to eat at on Solano and its hard to vouch for one over all the others. But on the side of Solano that's closer to San Pablo Ave, Suzette Crepe Cafe is one of the more impressive additions to the restaurants that already boasted about!
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,4/15/2013,330,444,8,9,9>I wanted to add this to my soup and sandwich list but realized I had to write a review first. Cafe Rouge is a breath of fresh air on 4th.  I'm a big fan. Their hamburger is recommended as a top 3 in the East Bay, because they grind the meat in house.  Their meat counter is in a breezeway that connects to the Pasta Shop.  I love the hot dog with fancy potato chips for lunch, too.  Any of the salads are seasonal and delight. They always have great fresh seafood, as you can see from all the oyster lovers who flock here.  Myself, I don't shuck and suck, but enjoy!  I also love their wine and bar selections.  Plenty of fine liquors and an always tempting and reasonable wine list.  Any time I come here, I enjoy a glass of Rose, bubbly, or white wine (OK maybe 2 glasses) with lunch, and feel so posh and relaxed.  We came here on Christmas Eve this year and it was lovely.  Sitting at the bar is a good time. The main sore spot I have this otherwise awesome Cafe can be service and the 4th Street scene which can be a little much.  Ugh, the Berkeley yuppies.  But we love them :)  Aspire, even!? The main issue is, some servers are awesome, and I sit there and pine for the good server in the section right next to ours as the server assigned to our section goes AWOL and totally sucks and puts your order in 15 min. after he takes it and I get quite pissy.  But I digress.  It may not be a place to take your uptight relative to when you are starving, in other words.  Expect leisure. How about:  Expect relaxed, somewhat slow service, in a bustling bar and restaurant, high ceilings, tables with chilly copper tops, some banquette and outdoor seating, with food and drinks that deliver.  I will venture to say that they are kid friendly, and the bathrooms seem heavily trafficked.  They could class that hallway up a bit.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,4/14/2013,321,553,3,9,7>I'm a fan of District so I was pretty stoked to hear about the grand opening of the District Carriage House. I got there about 10 minutes to noon. There weren't many people there at the time, but while waiting for my food, it got busy quick. I ended up waiting for my food for 30 minutes. A very long time, but I'm pretty forgiving at a brand new business. They still have some kinks to work out, but I believe that they will get there.Now, onto the food. I ordered the Spicy Lamb Meatball Sandwich and their Tangerine Jasmine Oolong Iced Tea. I got my tea while I was waiting for my food and it was pretty good. It was refreshing, but also lightly sweetened. Just how I like it. Once I got my order, I put a generous amount of their habanero hot sauce (I love my hot foods!). The sandwich was phenomenal! If you aren't a fan of lamb, I would recommend it to anyone because you don't taste much of the lamb. The sauce on it was very tasty with just a little bit of kick. The bread was perfect. Soft and chewy.I'm definitely going to be coming back here often. Actually, I'm heading back there today :)
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,4/13/2013,610,620,8,14,13>Gather is a beautiful blend of culinary wonder and fantasy. We arrived a few minutes before our reservation time. Our table wasn't quite ready, so we headed to the bar for a drink. On a Tuesday night, it was packed as though it was Friday or Saturday. I doubt this place knows what down time is, because I can't imagine they ever have it. Make reservations via Open Table. It's easy and you will be grateful you did.We were lucky enough to grab a couple spots at the end of the bar.  They have a zinfandel by my daughter's name (Jessie's Vineyard) on tap, how could I resist that? I found it to be a good wine by the glass, or with the meal. The hostess waved us down, so we settled our drink tab with the bartender and made our way to our table.The only thing I knew for sure was that I wanted the vegetable charcuterie. I had heard about it. Now, I dream about it. The plating is pure artistry and the flavor is a bit like going through a looking glass into a wonderland. My mind was having a tough time processing what my taste buds were sensing. How is it just vegetables? The earthy undertones, the smoky depth and the non-stop bursts of flavors continued from the first - to the last bite.After basically going eani, meanie, miney, mo - we settled in on the tomato pizza. I ordered up a black lager on tap.  I was so glad I did. This pizza had some serious kick and the beer was a perfect compliment. The wait staff was very attentive and kept our water jug full. The crust was perfectly cooked. As expected, the toppings were fresh and oh so delicious.They must have a magic wizard in the back, with a culinary wand of genius. There is no other explanation. I can not fathom the amount of trial and error there must have been, to be able to seek out the best local ingredients and fine tune them into perfectly balanced masterpieces. You will not find this kind of food anywhere else. The service was impeccable.I tried with all of my heart to make room for dessert. I just couldn't. I want to go back and try everything!
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,4/12/2013,1894,532,7,15,16>The acropolis pizza is a must try! This delicious delight comes with garlic, black olives, red onions, fresh tomato, mozzarella and Linguini's homemade pesto sauce, topped with feta cheese.. I never thought I would fall in love with a vegetarian pizza but Linguini's has made this possible! I love feta cheese and covering a gigantic pizza pie with this savory cheese is sure to win over my heart.. They also have delicious hot wings, mozzarella cheese sticks, and alcoholic concoctions.. I would definitely come back here the next time I'm in Alameda to take in all the amazing-ness of their pizza [:
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,4/11/2013,777,1202,6,12,7>Great space indoors and outdoors - this pub just opened on Saturday! Lots of great beer options but not as expensive as you might think. The food is pretty good- house made pierogis, made fresh - fly out of the kitchen as fast as the gal with cobalt blue hair can roll out the dough and press them out! The pretzels are pretty awesome, as are the frites. They offer a selection of seitan sausages - try the cherry one with the fennel kraut and house made sweet hot mustard.  Excellent service, too! Looking forward to going back - $80 for 4 of us, about 8 beers, 2 orders of pierogis and of frites, three or four pretzels and one sausage w kraut ...we were all stuffed with potatoey vegan goodness!
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,4/10/2013,325,666,16,13,12>Drunk: Affected by alcohol to the extent of losing control of one's faculties or behavior.How I always end up at Forbidden IslandAre you a fan of bars that have surfing videos, dollar bills stapled to the ceiling, and strong rum? Then you'll love this place. This bar is pretty darn authentic. Lots of tropical crap adorning the walls, and Hawaiian shirts hanging off the bar tenders. Zombies are strong, and zombie inducing. Scorpion bowls are deadly, and on fire. Beer is expensive but that's okay. You are NOT here for a beer. You drink rum here, end of discussion.Just sitting at home writing this makes me yearn for a summer afternoon on the patio with a giant rum drink featuring a fruit cocktail stuck in it.Say it with me, Designated Driver. You'll need one.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,4/9/2013,334,415,13,13,9>Why, why, WHY would a place that specializes in beer only have 1 bathroom?! This bar carries a mega selection of potent, tasty beers, with cold cases along the wall if you want to buy anything to take home. If it weren't for the drinkable cider they always have available, my beer-loving soul would weep inside this decrepit gluten free body. There's a minuscule deck in front, and barrels serve as tables inside. Did I mention there's only 1 bathroom? Good luck breaking the seal....and getting in the door on a sunny weekend day when the line is out. the. friggin. door.p.s. John Z. reminded me that there are additional varieties of gluten free beer in the cold case that are not offered at the bar.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,4/8/2013,726,863,6,9,9>An Alice Waters concept on a treating recessionista budget. It's hard for breakfast to stand out with me because I usually make it myself. I even make my own damn granola. However, if socializing calls, it's best to have someone else make it for you and these folks do a fantastic job. (Seriously, though I regularly cook dinner for guests, it's quite a feat in my shoe box studio).From the sweet, freshly-squeezed OJ, to the purse hooks under the tables, to the community table. to the self-serve coffee bar with pre-warmed mugs, and the friendly service, it's one of my favorite breakfast joints that touches finer details without trying too hard. I always make sure their biscuits end up in what I order. Their biscuits are fabulous and that's certainly something I suck at making myself. :)Yelp Check-In app has discounts on Donkey and Goat wines or Linden Street beer.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,4/7/2013,654,850,11,19,15>So, a week after opening, the girlfriend & I strolled over to Assemble for lunch on a Saturday. The verdict, so far? They're working out a few kinks, but I feel confident they'll get it all sorted out.Confident because of how actively management, who were constantly circulating amongst guests, was seeking to make sure everything was right & how enthusiastic the entire service staff was.For food, I ordered a Muffuletta with potato salad & the girlfriend ordered the Classic Burger medium rare with fries + a cup of New England-style Clam Chowder. To wash it down, I got coffee & the girlfriend got a Mimosa.Our orders didn't take too long. The Clam Chowder came 1st & I tried some. It was positively delicious & not what I expected. Instead of a thick, white, creamy broth, it was thinner, flavorfully seasoned & had corn. Different, but still positively delicious.Next came our sandwiches. My Muffuletta was like a wedge cut out of a jumbo party sub. It was good, but maybe could've been fresher. The potato salad on the side was excellent & also flavorfully seasoned like the Clam Chowder.The girlfriend's Classic Burger was interesting. To me, a burger is the litmus test of a casual dining menu. I had a few bites. Ordered medium rare, it was overdone but still quite tasty nonetheless.The keys were freshness, quality &, again, seasoning. All the veggies on the burger were crispy fresh. The beef patty was obviously a good quality beef & it was possibly the best seasoned beef patty I've had on a burger. It was just overdone.When our server asked how everything was, we mentioned the doneness of the burger. Management came over & immediately offered a replacement. Because the burger had been pretty good & we had already eaten 1/2 of it, we said it was OK.So we were offered a complimentary dessert instead. Well alright, neither of us could say no to that. We got the Banana Cream Pie & it was absolutely dreamy. It also went really well with the coffee, which was also excellent.Only 1 week after opening, lunch at Assemble had a hiccup or 2 . But with good quality ingredients, enthusiastic service & an emphasis on flavorful seasoning across the menu, I feel confident Assemble will find its groove.Now I'm looking forward to trying dinner...
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,4/6/2013,622,441,5,11,7>I've pretty much incorporated this place into my Sunday errand routine...I tend to buy pastries here.  My favorites are their morning buns, chocolatines (chocolate croissant; put it in the microwave for 8 seconds per a co-worker's rec, & it warms it up & melts the chocolate a bit), frangipane, swiss twinkies, & french baguettes.  Seasonally, I like the pumpkin chocolate chip cake too.  I still need to try more of their breads, tarts, & cookies.I've always just bought stuff to go, but you can get coffee & a snack & sit if you'd like...there's just a couple of tables with chairs inside & a bench outside.There are several locations in Oakland & Berkeley (Piedmont Ave., College Ave., & Solano Ave.), but this is most convenient for me.  I've been to the Piedmont Ave. & College Ave. locations too.They often have samples of their breads by the cash registers.  They take credit cards, but not Discover.They're open 7 days a week, until 7pm.  There's a free parking lot in the back off of Sloane (turn by the Peets to get behind the building).Located on the west side of Fruitvale between Macarthur & Sloane/the freeway.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,4/5/2013,1602,589,4,9,8>Yet another amazing restaurant along Piedmont Ave. in the Oakland area! I brought my gf here for an intimate dining experience, and was not disappointed. It's a quaint, little restaurant, with heated outdoor seating in the front. Service was great and really attentive to the needs of all the diners that evening.My love ordered the slow-cooked lamb shoulder, while I opted for the Moroccan-style duck tagine. Their entrees were top notch and superbly delicious!The lamb shoulder was served with a spring vegetable ragout and red wine. Large, tender cuts of lamb, not overcooked and quite juicy. A very savory dish complemented by the vegetables and sauce.The duck tagine was served with a spiced couscous, olives, pistachios, and preseved lemons. A plethora of ingredients, complementing very well with each other, causing me to savor every bite and left me wanting more! The couscous was cooked very well, softer than most others, and not dry and crusty as some (poorly made) couscous I've eaten in the past (at other places).I also shared a Lobo Beso cocktail (Prosecco, Raspberry, Averna) with the gf. It was very light, a bit sparkly, but holistically smooth. A great drink to try, especially if you don't want to drink too much that evening.Overall a great experience! The prices are pretty standard (IMO) when it comes to dinner at a nice restaurant such as Bay Wolf and others along the Piedmont Ave. and Northern Oakland area. I would say the food is definitely worth it, so if you're in the mood for a romantic evening or to splurge a little, give Bay Wolf a chance!
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,4/4/2013,198,208,17,18,17>If any of you ever tell anyone else about how awesome this place is, it will be impossible to get in. So stop. Okay, don't. They deserve the attention. I honestly don't think I've ever had better pizza in the East Bay. (Gasp!) I'm serious. And I make my own artisanal pizzas at home. I think there is something special about Forge, and I am dying to return. My favorite was the Three Cheese, which is complimented by some subtle, spicy arugula. I also loved the Pepperoni, made from in house pepperoni sans casing. Yum. Since someone was feeling generous, I was also treated to a cocktail- the high tide. It was delicious, and it made me want to go on a sailing adventure. Instead, I ate more cheese curds (sooo yummy) and pizza. Nice work Forge. Keep it up.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,4/3/2013,121,1332,5,6,5>Finally, finally. We have found THE Mexican place. Yes, it is that good. You will not find better or more authentic Mexican food anywhere (including our old San Diego haunt). And the prices are unreal. Fish and cactus? - checkMenudo? - checkPozole? - checkTortas? - checkCafe Olle? - check homemade tortillas? - checkCaldo de Res? - checkPupusas?  - double-check thosecheck, check, check, check. Any Mexican favorite. They have it. I had the fish and cactus plate with delicious homemade tortillas. My husband had a shrimp and vegetable plate. My son had the bean and cheese pupusa. Food was no kidding among the best Mexican I have ever had. Simple, but flavorful. NOT drenched in melted cheese. No gloppy refried beans. No way! The pupusa was probably the best I've ever tried. Can't wait to come back and try more deliciousness.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,4/2/2013,146,319,16,16,17>I'm getting a little jaded these days. So much goodness within walking distance of home. I can't keep up. It's becoming hard work.I saw an empty barstool on a Friday night and decided to stop to see what's up. If I was an irresponsible Yelper, I'd complain about some bar service issues, but close observation instead revealed issues with the POS system, I think, and the growing pains of a new business. I'm sure everything will be fine shortly.Which is good, because the food and booze looks to be spectacular. I expected to do a glass of wine and one small plate and then move on, but once the shrimp croquette (bunuelos) appeared, I was sucked into the foodie vortex. Went for more wine and the albondigas, which were nothing less than revelatory. Pork, ground pine nuts, green garlic, and a salty and rich mushroom stew broth, all resting comfortably in a hot cazuela-style crock. This was really too much food for the night but I didn't really care at the time. I only realized afterward that this was a Paul Canales project, and the skill and flavors shone through.I can't wait to go back on less crowded(*) weeknight and work through the menu.-----*Remember when you could walk around this 'hood on a Friday night and be lucky to see another person? And even luckier to see another person who wasn't looking to mess with you? It's been a good few years in Oakland.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,3/31/2013,1549,579,12,17,17>Oh VIP treatment...valet parking just for Sasa! Walk through the front doors and there is a fancy waterfall coming from the ceiling. Hints of stone, bamboo and sleek design fused with tropical green plants all around. Dim lighting with the swanky LED lights placed strategically along the ceiling in dining areas. Felt like I was in Vegas. What a sexy place! Yeah, I'm a sucker for a restaurant that puts so much time, money and effort into their ambiance. I was mesmerized. Then along came our waiter...The idea behind this place, according to him was Japanese food with a Spanish Tapas twist. Alright, I get it, small plates that the table is supposed to share, great! There were three of us lovely ladies, excited we could pick a wider variety of bites...Either the waiter had a skewed perception of the theme he described or the restaurant's chef misunderstood the concept. Some dishes or "tapas' if that's what you want to call them were barely enough for one person. Put all that to the side and the food was actually perty damn tasty. Hey, I can't hate the place for their lack of flavor! Between the three of us we ordered the ~Edamame Hummus scallion- sesame flat bread, seasonal vegetables. 1 1/2 tablespoons of hummus (literally), one carrot sliver, one jicama sliver, a cherry tomato, and one sliver of cucumber, with some very delicious sesame flat breads that didn't have enough hummus or anything to accompany them. ~Crispy Tofu Steak three mushroom tamari sauce, truffle oil. Now this plate, was enough for two people at least. Add truffle oil to anything and I will likely be a die hard fan. We had to order seconds. Yum. ~Grilled Salmon Skewer with wasabi butter. Two mini skewers with bite sized chucks of Salmon. These were like dessert on a stick... completely smothered in their special wasabi butter and cooked to perfection. The girls dug into the ~Alaskan Salmon Roe Ikura. One of them is obsessed with caviar and oysters, apparently the after effects are enticing... I'd personally rather have something with honey or chocolate for the same outcomeand The Lobster Roll Special. Couldn't tell you a thing about this dish. They ate it up... at this point we were all down a bottle of sake and two Sapporo's, so who knows how things were tasting. It was the best of times. Sasa has little improvements to make with their dishes, but overall, I would definitely come back around for seconds, and thirds, and fourths.. You get the idea, right?
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,3/30/2013,325,312,8,8,6>Super solid place!  I believe it's a husband and wife who run the place and cook all the food; it's very authentic and delicious.  And they cater well to us vegan folk :)We get the vegetable tofu soup and just specify no egg, fish sauce or dairy.  Make sure no fish sauce in kimchi either.  Service is great, and man, the food is ROCKIN.  Great potato pancake, good rice, kimchi....  My only complaint is that my 12 oz bottled beer was 4 bucks, and considering how well priced everything else is, I think 3 would be a more appropriate price.  But that's not even worth docking a star.  On a side note, I was really sad to see that all the "american" places in downtown Livermore were really full on a Wednesday night (ale house, bbq, etc) but all the ethnic places, (Thai, Indian, Mediterranean, Chinese) were not busy at all.  I know there's a lot of white people in Livermore but come on people, diversify!  So many amazing options, get out of the damn ale house and go try something unique and exciting!
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,3/29/2013,55,110,9,10,8>I have and still am wondering why so many people go gluten free...A lot say they are allergic, but seriously how are so many people allergic to wheat?A part of me wonders if it is just a new diet fad like the Atkins was... BUTI went here and tried a bagel sandwich with all the fixings ( cream cheese, tomato, sprouts, and cucumbers.) I cannot explain the texture of the bagel but it was.. BOMB. Hands down best bagel I have ever had. The bagels are expensiver than any other but my taste buds were very happy. Needless to say I have been back 4 times since to experience the same bliss.They have a small seating area that looks like a girly warehouse niche. They also have parking which is rare for a business in these parts.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,3/28/2013,151,178,22,26,25>Maybe it was just feeling famished after the Herculean labor of picking up laundry from Woody's. Maybe it was the sweet wooings of Yelp friends' previous visits. Maybe it was the rainbow of pickled goodies to my left, or the immediate friendly greeting from the staff front and center, upon entering. Maybe it was a sprinkle of all of those things, mixed together in an intangible dance of alchemy. But stepping through the doorway into Portal for the first time was a bit like falling down Alice's rabbit hole. And, a bit, like falling in love.Fortunately, the rest of this and subsequent visits did nothing to dilute the instant love potion. Portal's interior, cozy and inviting in its darkness, imparts the familiarity of an overseas pub. But steps ahead, its outdoor patio allows an outdoor contrast of bright sun and open skies. This patio, like Portal's interior, boasts solid, polished tables and seating, augmenting the nautical theme of the entry and name, as does the gorgeous view of the waters of Lake Merritt.In terms of its fare, Portal is first and foremost a beer garden. This character trait could be seen as a flaw by those who eschew the brew in favor of more potent or gluten-free libations, but a limited number of hard ciders and wine options semi-quell this frustration. The beers offered though are a quality selection of drafts, mostly rotating, included a "Thumper" of 12.6% ABV, which barkeep Brian offered a sample of with my Sunday brunch --  which made me beg the question "Bloody Mary who?"While beer may be its mainstay, Chef Eric John ensures the food takes back seat to no suds. From the hearty fare of the Garbage Bread to the lighter subtleties of the Quinoa Salad, entrees crafted seemingly for pairings with beer stand tall all by themselves. Take note, that like Haven and other recent resto openings, the accent is on flavor versus volume.As stellar as the setting and provisions are, much of my Portal love is because of its people. From co-owner Warren to servers Laila and Sacha, every one seems genuinely happy to both be there and greet you there. This was particularly evident for the planning of a dear friend's birthday, as the staff's cordiality and attention crystallized an already good get-together into an unforgettable sweet event.My wish list:  1. Be open for mid-week lunches  2. Consider liquors  3. Open a store on my block.  4. Unicorns for Happy Hour Fridays?  Until then, I remain a love-struck puppy to the addition of this new Oakland gem.Update July 2014: Portal is now open for lunch!  No doubt the unicorns will be coming any time now.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,3/27/2013,1017,341,7,13,8>I'm extremely impressed with Sushi Delight, and had a wonderful first impression of the place today.I just got back from having lunch with my brother, and when we walked in we were blown away with the transformation. Cream colored couches, black tables, slate, modern lighting, a great sushi bar, and modern decor have really livened up this spot, and you would never know that this space originally started out as a Taco Bell. The menus are bound in faux leather and look like a tome, with the restaurant's name and logo embossed on the cover, and there is quite a variety of food and rolls to choose from.Prices are great here; 6 pieces of gyoza for $5.50, an asparagus beef roll for $6.00, and zaru soba for a little over five bucks. My brother also got the beef teriyaki and California roll bento box, which had a large portion of tender, delicious beef. I was very impressed with the asparagus beef roll, which was a stalk of asparagus wrapped in a strip of tri-tip and cooked in teriyaki. So good! Everything we ate was delicious, honestly, and the portions were just right.Since everything is 15% off right now (until January 18th of next year), our bill went down from $34 to $29 for all the food and drinks. Service was great here too, as everyone in the staff was pleasant and welcoming, and our waitress came around just enough without being overbearing or ignoring us.This will most definitely become a regular spot for me, and I sincerely hope it lasts longer than the previous two sushi establishments that have tried and failed in this spot. I am a bit curious to know if Asia Delight right across the way now owns not only Delight Cafe, but Sushi Delight as well, or if the name is merely a coincidence in this case (I noticed our waitress is usually behind the counter at Asia Delight). A lovely redesign and great food will keep me coming back.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,3/26/2013,283,206,5,8,6>Oh garbage pie,  you are not the bad apple of the bunch.You are DELICIOUS! And I cannot believe my Partner In Dining (PID) and I ate a large one of you to ourselves.I guess we were really hungry. Thank you for showing us right before our eyes that you make the pizzas fresh and throw the dough sky high! I wish I could spin a pizza pie just like you.I love your decorations and the music that you play. And your staff is fun and friendly, I hope you tell them that we liked our stay.Until next time, happy pizza eating :)
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,3/25/2013,232,327,6,9,8>I came here on Valentine's Day with my boyfriend and although we had a late reservation (9:35pm) I am very pleased that we went to Flora for the special day.The lighting was extremely dark to foster the romantic mood with a single tea-light at every table and a cute tiny flower arrangement. The whole place just screamed classy to me. It was an amazing change from the University crowd at Berkeley.Stuffed Chicken:The chicken was absolutely amazing. I highly recommend getting any chicken dish from Flora because they cook the chicken to perfection. There was not an ounce of chicken that was dry at all. The whole chicken was juicy and succulent. It was probably the best cooked chicken I have ever gotten at a restaurant.Burger:The burger and fries were delicious as well. I was debating on whether to get the steak, but unfortunately at $40 it was a bit out of my price range as a college student and I heard that the burger was the next step in trying the beef at Flora. I think the burger was a good choice because the beef tasted great!Overall, I had a wonderful time at Flora and I highly recommend all couples to make a trip there for a romantic dinner because you won't regret it.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,3/24/2013,126,1452,18,23,22>Barrel Aged is officially my most favorite toddler friendly, with a bar, restaurant in the Bay Area.We always go on a Sunday after going to the farmers market.  Since we are usually the only people in there with a 2 year old I cant reflect on others experiences.  But they always treat myself, my husband and the tot with nothing but wonderful service.  They don't even mind the occasional greasy finger print on the window.The table with all of the pennies shellacked on it is the best for high chair clad kids.  The pennies make it fun to look at.Some of the outstanding features, besides baby friendly, are the cocktails and food.I haven't eaten anything I didn't like yet.  My favorite cocktail is the East Side.  It has Gin, Fresh Lime Juice, Cane Sugar, and Cucumber.  Its so refreshing and fights off scurvy.  The amount of limes I drink Ill never fear scurvy.Another cocktail I enjoyed was the Peach Mule.  Vodka, Fresh&Ginger, Ginger Syrup, Fresh Lime, Peychaud's and Peach Soda.  Thoroughly refreshing in every sense of the word.The Caesar Salad is excellent and a perfect light lunch option.  I also had a side of Center Cut Bacon once that was the most perfectly cooked Bacon I've ever had in my life.  Yes, I've said that for real.  It was what I want shoved in my mouth in the event there is a real heaven.  Some angel, or demon for that matter, better hand me some of that Bacon.My latest try was the Sliders.  Three little burgers perfectly proportioned and perfectly seasoned.  Not to mention cooked perfectly.  Everything I've had has had the really great home made feel to it.  My grandpa could make these burgers for me and Id love them just the same. These are just excerpts from my visits.  This is my new go to place for my Sunday cocktail outings.  Its perfect!
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,3/23/2013,388,772,7,9,9>Each week, I give myself a "cheat meal" to curb any junk food cravings I may have after chugging down V8 juice for six days. If I was forced to choose just one place to do this, it would be Scolari's, hands down.The amount of food they have here is downright crazy, and it is all so satisfying. You'd think having a menu that has both burgers and pizza would equal mediocrity, but nothing could be further from the truth. And the stromboli! When my friend told me that he would want it as his last meal, I knew that it had to be good.Of course, being a cheat meal means that it is also so, so bad for me. The stuff is loaded with enough grease, cheese, and meat to prevent me from eating it everyday. Thankfully, the whole cash-only thing keeps these cravings in check. I fear what would happen if I ate this food of the gods 24/7...but what a way to go.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,3/22/2013,182,408,3,6,7>I wanted my first review as a '13 Yelp Elite to be a positive one and I could think of no other than to write one about Chai Thai.I've been here many times in just a few months and while my 3 'check-ins' might fool you into thinking otherwise it's just that I'm usually so excited upon arrival that I forget to grab my phone.And on to the meaty part of this review...In my last review I wrote about the inconsistentcy of the Green Curry, but I was wrong. The first time we ordered the Chai Thai Special Green Curry and the second time I ordered the typical Green Curry most of us are accustomed to. The Special Green Curry is just that. It's less soupy than the other, so less of the coconut taste and is packed in an unbelievable amount of flavor. The spices are perfectly blended into this dish. And I hate to say, but I don't really know if I want standard green curry anymore. You must try. All of you. We had ours with tofu and a beautiful assortment of veggies that were all perfectly cooked and flavored by the curry.The service is still amazing and staff are always making you feel right at home.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2013,3/21/2013,183,70,5,7,6>Borgo Italia has been on my radar for some time to try. When it comes to food Italian cuisine is my absolute favorite, particularly cuisine from Roma and Tuscana. Due to pure vanity and performance requirements to maintain my waistline, it is also the the type of food I eat the least. When I got a text from a couple of friends who were already there to join them, I made a b-line for Borgo.Ambiance is very warm, intimate and has the rustic family feel. There is a variety of seating options from large communal tables and booths to smaller tables for more intimate dining in the back. Service-We sat at the bar and were greeted immediately by the bartender, Mike, who was one of the highlights of our time at Borgo. Mike was animated, funny, attentive and most importantly never let me see the bottom of my wine glass. Fabio, Borgo Italia owner, also came by and introduced himself. He was incredibly gracious and made sure that we were taken care of and had everything that we needed.Food-Pasta is a HUGE weakness for me. For reasons stated earlier, I had to refrain from the larger pasta dishes and I was so sad about it. I opted for the trendy vegetable of the moment: oven roasted brussel sprouts, risotto al vino rosso and chicken medallions. The brussel sprouts were wonderful with the perfect char. You can't really go wrong there. The consistency and spread of the risotto was nice and bite was all'onda. The boneless chicken breast with with sage leaves was very nice as well. But who are we kidding here? I am a pasta fanatic, so I really need to come back and try the rest of their pasta dishes! I'll update the review then. I'm also hoping that more seafood options are added as a protein to the menu in the future.Wine-I'm not a fan of whites, but after my zoom whitening session I'm trying to get there. I had a wonderul Pinot Griggio on recommendation from the server. Unfortunately I can't recall the name.Overall, my experience at Borgo was wonderful and what one would expect from Italian hospitality! Service was fantastic and the food definitely hit the spot. Can't wait to return!
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,3/20/2013,333,495,6,15,9>A fun, casual laid back atmosphere to enjoy a drink, two or five. The place is big with lots of tables and seating, pool table, music and games. I love the tiki decor through out. The bartenders are great! I told one of them know what I liked and she custom made me a delicious drink called the aviator. I also tried the grog which comes with rock candy on a stick $10. that was my favorite of the night. They have a drink called the macadamia nut chi chi (their most popular drink) that was an alcoholic smoothie (which could be dangerous :)) it was too sweet for me. There were three fast bartenders so the wait for a drink was short. This place draws in all age groups and types of crowds. I saw the 20 somethings youngsters to an older gentleman in his 70's throwing back a beer. Hipsters, college students, and middle age folks. There was no cover charge and is off the beaten path with street parking available. For a Saturday night it was busy but not overly crowded nor uncomfortable. I have recommended it to others and would come back. Minimum charge for credit cards is $10. and they sell Kona Club T-shirts for $15. Bottoms up!!
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,3/19/2013,81,226,8,7,6>I had an interesting experience my first time here. I called to make sure this place existed and when I called, I asked the barista the hours of operation. Boy was he cheery! I said I was on my way over and his reply, "Weeeeee'll beeeee waaaiting!" Who says that? Tell you what. You're new favorite place that's who. I've fallen in love with this place ever since. At this cafe, you will find an abundance of tables, outlets, a large variety of relatively cheap food, and happy hour alcohol. It's so hard to leave this place because it has so much to offer. The only downside are the hours. Their hours seem like it fluctuates every week. They will close anywhere between 9pm and 11pm. Lately, they've been closing on weekends around 10pm except during midterms or finals week. This is understandable considering that most of the patrons are students. Anyway, if you're in the area and you need a study spot and someone to "waaaaait for you," this is it.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,3/18/2013,452,219,5,11,8>Definitely a solid 4/5 stars dim sum place overall!I drive almost 30 minutes just to eat here, because I think it's worth it. Definitely one of my go-to dim sum restaurants. There are a lot of dim sum restaurants in Oakland, but this one stands out because the size of the dining room is huge and the quality and freshness of the food is top notch, but without the top prices you see in most other dim sum restaurants of this size and great food consistency.I do agree, though that it is a bit pricier than most dim sum prices. You can get cheaper ones at a to-go bake shop or even the restaurant down the street. The difference is that you can actually enjoy eating here, due to the clean-ish environment, the large amount of tables, and the good service of all employees. There are times when I do have to wait a while for the cart to come around, and there are definitely times when I have to wait at least 10 minutes to be seated. On holidays and weekends, you must come here early, because this place gets packed fast, even though there is so many tables. You can speed up service by asking one of the managers for specific food you want, or for a piece of paper that you can fill out yourself that has a list of all the dim sums, and you can check the box toward which ones you want and how much you want of each. Thankfully most employees here speak basic English also. I've dreaded going to restaurants which I cannot communicate properly for my wants, despite good quality of food.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,3/17/2013,382,382,8,15,10>I had the most AMAZING meal at Southie after trying to get in to Wood Tavern and getting quoted an hour forty-five minute wait. Lucky me, however, because this place is Woohoo! As good as it gets!Southie is the little sister of Wood Tavern, and as I learned the other night from the staff, was actually opened as a waiting room of sorts for the restaurant.  The original intention was to create a space where Wood Tavern patrons could have a glass of wine and an app, however now Southie has really garnered its own following....and I get why:***BRUSCHETTA: Yes, our little trio ordered almost every bruschetta available which included the house cured salmon, duck liver pate, marinated artichoke and the comice pear.  Each one was so unique, delicious and beautiful.  The house cured salmon with it's meyer lemon marcapone, thinly sliced radish and chives was so incredible we had to order a second.  The bruschetta is sold as a single piece (see photos) and ranges $3-4. ***ENTREES: While the entree menu is small (there were 4 items listed), I had the most incredible dish: Pan Seared corvina which was a perfectly cooked sea bass atop the most delicious concoction of cannellini beans, escarole and applewood smoked bacon in a white wine thyme broth.  This entree which I would have expected to pay $28+ in any other restaurant was $16.  It was melt in your mouth, eat with your eyes closed great.  TIP: Eat it with a spoon not a fork, so you can get some of the broth with every bite.  My friends also gave me a bite of the polenta from their "Balls and Polenta" and that was the most creamy dreamy spoonful of polenta goodness mixed with a rich tomato sauce...I can still feel the tears of culinary joy welling up right now.***THE HIDDEN MENU: Since we sat at the counter watching them prepare every culinary delight, we kept asking, "what's that, what's that"?  Curiosity may have killed the cat, but in this case we learned that there are a number of things you can order that are not on the menu.  We saw this incredible-looking pulled pork sandwich as well as grilled cheese that looked "to die for" (and maybe is because they spread so much of this creamy substance which I bet is butter and aioli on the outside of the bread so that it grills to a perfect crunch, that I'm sure it's a heart attack waiting to happen).***SERVICE: I couldn't have been happier with the service.  With our two rounds of bruschetta, entrees and dessert, we had our plates/silverware swapped out effortlessly and continuously. Our water glasses were full and the carafe of wine we ordered poured out evenly into our glasses without our having to even pick it up ourselves.The only thing that could make Southie better is if it were a bigger restaurant.  For a party of 3 there is pretty limited options for where you can sit (which is why we sat at the bar) and sitting side by side with 3 people is just not ideal for conversation.  However, when the food and service is this good, you make it work.  Southie is Woohoo! As Good As It Gets!Bruschetta: yelp.com/biz_photos/sout…More Bruschetta: yelp.com/biz_photos/sout…Pan seared corvina: yelp.com/biz_photos/sout…Polenta and Balls: yelp.com/biz_photos/sout…Yelp 100 Challenge: Review #19/100 pictures #10-13/100
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,3/16/2013,238,170,3,12,10>Toss is a super cute new noodle place! The restaurant is really clean and modern looking. They have 3 step, make-your-own noodle dishes, along with rice dishes.I came here for lunch on a Friday, and the place was pretty full. I ordered the flat-rice noodles with Malay peanut sauce, and chicken. At first, I thought the portion was kind of small as the bowl is really large! However, the noodles are actually really filling, and can easily be split into two meals if you don't have a large appetite. I really liked my choice of noodles, as they were really soft, and went well with the peanut sauce, which was slightly sweet. They actually add a large number of vegetables to your dish, which makes for a pretty balanced meal!Their Thai iced tea is also good, but the tropical ice tea is unsweetened! Water is self-served.Will definitely be back to try some of their other noodles!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,3/15/2013,264,232,16,17,14>If you don't like Off-The-Grid you probably don't like fun times, weekends, orgasms, world peace, yourself or free money. Yes! It's that ridiculous. Think of a smaller version of 'Eat Real-Oakland', but weekly and in Alameda. Let me list off the awesomeness of these events.1. It's in Alameda (already a winner). 2. It's next to the beach. 3. It provides live music from local artist.4. There is plenty of parking.5. The food comes to you.6. Variety! From Sushi (I'm a little scurd*) to Peruvian empanadas; from yummy cupcakes to Filipino lumpias; from Indian curry burritos to American potato tarts (it's pronounced "po-TAH-to, don't be a tart). The truck line-up varies from week to week, if you are looking for a specific truck, then follow @AlamedaPatch on twitter to get the scoop. The trucks show-up every Saturday from 11am to 3pm, below is an example of a typical line-up. I'm a big fan of Off-The-Grid and will continue to return. Enjoy. Curry Up NowFins on the HoofHapa SFHouse of SiamMayo & MustardPacific PuffsSeoul on WheelsThe ChairmanWe Sushi *Scurd: To be fearful; frightened, afraid or apprehensive. Commonly misspelled as 'scared'.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,3/14/2013,306,817,4,7,8>Sheng Kee has been open for 2.5 days, and I've made two visits.  This makes me semi-qualified to write a review, even though a real fan of the place would have come for the soft opening and have returned multiple times each day since.I definitely like Sheng Kee!Let me tell you where I'm coming from: I've often found myself in front of Chinese bakeries after polishing off some dim sum in the Chinatowns of the world.  Invariably I've been disappointed because I bought something that looked like a Western cake and turned out to be a pale imitation of what I thought I was buying.  At Sheng Kee, almost nothing looked familiar.  I felt culture shock each time I walked in the door!  Fortunately, the unfamiliar items were completely enticing!On my first visit, I was the only customer.  As I walked in the door, I was greeted by the entire staff.  A woman who acted like a manager appeared by my side to make suggestions and to answer my questions.  In fact, I would have been better off with one of her younger colleagues because she didn't know the English name for some of the pastries that I asked about.  I ended up buying two red bean items: one a warm pastry that had just been baked, the other a small hockey puck that was wrapped in cellophane.  I also got a half-loaf of sliced bread: the bread with raisins and walnuts.  The fresh red bean pastry was totally delicious: I devoured it in about 20 seconds.  The bread was fine as well; I had two slices this morning for breakfast.  The hockey puck left the house in someone's backpack.  I haven't heard news of it yet but I'll bet it was a hit.Today I ended up with a green onion pastry after trying in vain to repeat yeaterday's red bean transaction.  No worry: the green onion bun was fabulous!  This time around, by the way, I was far from the only customer -- news seems to be getting around.Sheng Kee on Telegraph is clearly a gamble: many businesses have failed along the block.  On the other hand, the place is great and will obviously appeal to Cal students and staff.  I hope that it stays around.  This could be the beginning of a comeback for the area.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,3/13/2013,92,210,3,13,10>Also known as "Thai Temple" (because of the temple out front), this place serves a variety of Thai food on Sundays, and donates the proceeds. How it works is you exchange your cash for tokens, which you then use to purchase your food. Most of the entrees are $6 each, and I like that you can pay $1 more for 2 items, and $2 more for 3 items, so you can try more things! They also have Thai iced tea for $2! And there's plenty of seating, but it can get pretty crowded around lunchtime.Last time I went, I got a green bean dish that was tasty, but actually pretty spicy (Beware)! In the end, I think I enjoyed the curries the most, and I have yet to try the noodle soup, but it looks good! There can be long lines, but I feel like it goes by pretty fast. Great place to go with friends for a unique dining experience!
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,3/12/2013,201,268,10,17,14>This might be the perfect combination for the ideal date night:1.) Put your name down at Wood Tavern for a spot at the chef's counter or bar, giving them your number to call when your spot is open.2.) Go to Trappist Provisions and enjoy an excellent, rare, crafty Belgium beer. If you're lucky, you might even get the lovely Melissa to charm your socks off while serving you smokey wheat beers.Yep, smokey wheat beers!! I'd never even heard of this type of beer until this visit. What can I say, Trappist in Oakland introduced me to sour beers (which I 'heart', thank you very much) and now, the Provisions branch has me dreaming of food/beer pairings. How about seared pork belly mac 'n' cheese (gouda, mild cheddar, and smoked mozz) with a smokey wheat beer? Thank you Trappist Provisions for the inspiration!Other than the always amazing beers, the seating situation inside could  be improved. Another picnic bench, please! Or take one picnic bench out and add 3 hi-tops that sit 3 each, freeing up more standing space. But you know, my hunch is that even with the seating as-is, TP will still be successful. And even as-is, I'll be back. I have no problem to shell out 8 or 9 bucks for an amazing, palate-expanding brew even if it means standing awkwardly in front of the cooler for 5-minutes waiting for a bench to clear out.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,3/11/2013,331,587,13,23,21>Want a side of fun with your dinner? Yojimbo may not be the highest-end, refined Japanese cuisine, but it's homey, cheap, and just a fun place to be.For a film nerd like myself, the interior is captivating, with its big caricatures of Tortoro and other Studio Ghibli creatures, Toshiro Mifune, Charlie Chaplin, Dorothy and crew, and many more covering the walls.The menu is a lot to take in, but it's rather straight-forward and full of rolls, all of which you've probably seen before. The namesake Yojimbo roll is chock full of deliciousness, as are the more common Rainbow and Spider rolls. There's some appealing combination options which when the dust settles and rice digests ends up getting you a lot of food for not a lot of money. I dig it.Service when we went was charmingly chaotic, with the servers way out of sync with each other, but everyone was friendly. They didn't have a handle on how many people were there on a Friday night and ran out of menus and teapots for a time. Nothing to complain about, and we soon were supplied with everything we needed (and more!)
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,3/10/2013,327,431,14,22,18>With my first review of 2013 I would like to highlight my favorite new place, to open up this past year. While it's nice for me that it's all Vegan, it wouldn't be nearly as awesome if the coffee and pastries were uninspiring or otherwise not up to standards. In fact when you look at the menu, there really isn't any mention of it being Vegan, it just is. This should help to appeal to those that still think of Vegan food as bland and flavorless. Once you put that Pumpkin Roll or one of their Red Velvet Truffles in your mouth, the only thing you're gonna be thinking about is YUM! Even the prices are about on par with other non-chain cafes where everything is made on-site. You won't feel like you're paying the "Vegan Tax" when you're getting a coffee and a dessert here. Speaking of the coffee buying experience, never before have I been able to saunter up to the counter and ask for a latte without prefacing it with "soy". Not that there aren't other options such as almond, but it's all dairy-free goodness. Now this wouldn't be so special if the brewed product didn't live up to the hype. As a former Sightglass yelp.com/biz/sightglass-… employee, the owner takes pride in what he does. That was the best made latte I've had in awhile. Although I wish unsweetened coconut/almond/soy milk was available as I prefer my coffee without added sugar. Maybe it was? I forgot to ask...I prefer my sugar dosage to come in much higher quantities outside of my coffee in the form of pastries. The pastries, cookies, cakes, and candies, appear to all be made in house. Prices are fairly reasonable other than the one thing I really wanted... $3 for a Peanut Butter Cup! Seriously? I would rather add $0.75 to get their excellent Pumpkin Roll or try out the Chocodille. Following photos on their Twitter feed, twitter.com/Timelesscoff… they appear to change out items regularly. For instance there were no cinnamon rolls to be found the day we went. The very next day, they were showing them off with fancy photography. I would have came back the very next day if it wasn't such a long drive. They are even trying out new savory items such as Biscuits & Gravy. Oh yeah, come to daddy!While I love the all black look they're going for (add a little silver and they would really spruce this place up) they need some signage out front. We nearly passed it twice because all you see is a black painted storefront. The only bad thing I can really say is that if this place proves as popular as it should be, seating will be at a premium.Like a great love, exquisite coffee is truly timeless. That coffee can be found at Timeless Coffee. As for the great love? You'll know for yourself when you find it.From the perspective of Yelps's sexiest Vegan: yelp.com/biz/timeless-co…
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,3/9/2013,130,165,6,7,9>I was actually looking for a new Indian place to try when I found out about this place. While I typically do not like burritos, wraps, etc. I did notice that most of the reviews were raving about their Indian-style burritos here. I was THIS close to just ordering some plate like I always do, but decided to try their Chicken Wrap which is huge. And they definitely do NOT skimp out on the meat. You can also choose a side of cucumbers or spicy potatoes on the side. All for $6. The next time I came I tried the Desi Chicken Wrap which I like even better since it's spicy so overall a lot more flavorful. They totally converted me into getting their wraps that I haven't tried anything else yet. They're always stuffed with meat (really tender) and their naan is so soft and delicious. The place itself seems very spacious and clean. I've never had a problem with the service, although I've always gotten my orders to-go. It does take a while for your order but then again they make everything really fresh so it's totally worth the wait!
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,3/8/2013,193,290,7,11,8>I have to bump up my review to 5 stars, having been to Hot Italian so many times now and truly falling in love with it. Yes, I've sent friends here who felt like it was too roomy (they assume that all things Italian are cozy...) but you can't please everybody when it comes to decor. I kind of like the humungous fan and the exposed air vents/ducts things. One thing is certain: you can't beat the flavors coming out of that kitchen. Pizzas are the perfect size for one person so if you have a decent appetite, don't worry that you won't finish. Then again, no snootiness if you wish to take anything home.The Fiori pizza is so damn good with ricotta instead of the prosciutto.  The Gazzetta - which should be pronounced "Ga-TSEH-tah" (just like pizza is pronounced "PI-tsah" not "PEE-zah") but apparently that's not the American way - is a must. Even if you're not regularly into cocktails, get it. I never get the dessert pizza anymore, the Zucherro I think its called, because I'm too tempted by the gelato, which is a perfect ending to a pizza. HOWEVER - if you're with a posse, DO get the dessert pizza because it rocks.This is really one of my favorite places to eat. The prices are so fair and the food is so good.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,3/7/2013,1948,4780,11,16,16>I have previously enjoyed Linden Street Brewery suds at Beer Revolution in Oakland, Creek Monkey in Martinez, and a few Yelp Elite events. This time around, I visited the West Oakland Mothership as part of a UC Berkeley get together.  I love the architecture of the 19th Century brick building that used to house a wire factory. This includes the original wood floors and the old Tap Room that contains the structural foundation remains of a previous water tower and an easily tripped over well head in the middle of the room. And the Times They Are a-Changin'. Construction begins in a few weeks that will result in a new Tap Room/Beer Garden, restaurant, and a little wine bonus. It all looked a little "In Progress" during my recent visit. However, it's clear that the the Linden Street Brewery is fully up and brewing---and peddling as hard as they can to grow their Old California Style Lagers business for the thirsty people of Oakland and beyond.  I really look forward to coming back during the late part of this coming Summer and see what they have accomplished. Andrew was our Barkeep for the evening and the small sample glasses of Linden's various "Session Beers" flowed, but slow enough for a safe drive home. I enjoyed the history lesson he provided, along with an explanation of Oakland permitting processes, and of course a tour of the Brewery itself.  The Haas sponsors provided the various Zachary's Pizzas which nicely complemented our beers. A good time was had by all, and so what if I missed the State of the Union Address?  Steam beer always beats hot air, regardless of ones politics.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,3/6/2013,503,1251,20,12,11>TWISTED TACO TUESDAYHello biceps!! I mean, bartender.... Oh sorry. Was I staring at your arms? I'm just here for the tacos and delicious margaritas. And the good view. Uh, I mean, food!!!! The good food.With mixed feelings, I am pleased to announce my quest for the best ($1) tacos in Concord has come to a delicious end. The street-taco style plate I found myself drooling over at LM has four styles of meat (chicken, asada, carnitas and al pastor). The chicken was my favorite. Your plate comes with a roasted onion and jalapeno and tacos that you dress yourself. A salsa bar with cilantro, onions, limes, and salsas sits nearby. ($1.25 for sour cream)While we waited we washed down a giant chip basket with fresh margaritas (on the rocks, with salt - ONLY $3.37) and a Roy Rogers for my friend.  ($2.25 for Coke) Honestly, both times I've been in here the margarita was fantastic. Not too much sweet and sour like some places. Perfect pour.The churro plate for dessert came with whipped cream on it. I love whipped cream. ¡¡ Fantástico !!
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2012,3/5/2013,547,730,3,7,6>When I heard that the same team behind Bowl'd (and, by extension, the same family behind Ohgane) opened another Korean spot, I knew I had to check it out. I'm hopelessly addicted to Korean food, even though it's so much more difficult to get in the Bay compared to down south.Spoon has a relatively similar menu to Bowl'd, but has enough different about it to really separate it. It's open way early in the morning, which goes hand in hand with the fact that they serve juk - and tasty juk at that. The first time I came, my dining companion had abalone juk, and it was pretty freakin' awesome, I must say.I already loved the bindaetteok that Bowl'd served, and was happy to see it on the menu here and just as consistent as the one at Bowl'd. Nice, crispy fry, though the sauce still needs more acid in it (at least to my taste).I also really like their soondubu - great broth, good quality on the fillings, though the level of heat (even on the hottest level) still falls a bit short for me.Service is really friendly, but parking sucks in the area (I've had to park at Berkeley Bowl more than once to eat here). I also like most of the panchan, but some of it falls a bit short - though the most important, the kimchi, is a winner,
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,3/4/2013,3448,1617,9,14,14>I've never done the whole sit down dinner thing here. It's strictly beer and peanuts up stairs, looking out at the view and throwing the peanut shells on the floor. It feels so messy, but everybody's doing it.We sat at the bar since outside was a little breezy. I ate way more peanuts than I probably should have and washed down the saltiness with ice cold beer. We ordered beers all around, a Boddington's Cream Ale for my mister, a St. Feuillien Saison for moi and a Sierra Nevada for our friend. Cheers!Next time we will be having the mussels, since they looked fantastic.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,3/3/2013,193,936,4,16,9>Concord is the largest city in Contra Costa County, but I doubt that anyone would consider it a dining destination.  Le Sen is out to change that perception.The owner of the now closed La Rose Bistro in Berkeley has recently opened this delightful restaurant just off the square in Concord. Luckily for fans of the Berkeley location it seems that the menu has not changed much.The warm bread that they bring to the table is still served with the delectable cilantro dip. I had to remind myself that I wanted to enjoy my dinner and only eat a bit of it, because I could easily eat just the bread and dip for my meal.We started out with the fried calamari, or should I say S did.  I took a taste and then he ate it all.  I don't begrudge him that; he thought they were great, I thought it was just okay.I had the French onion soup it was rich and tasty. I would order it again. S had a persimmon and apple salad on greens.  The salad was nicely dressed. These two dishes made me think I could go for lunch and just have soup and salad along with the bread and be very content.We both ordered the Entrecôte Frite - Rib-eye Steak with shallot sauce & garlic pommes frites.  They did give him sweet potato fries when he asked for different potatoes. This caused the only clinch in the service. My rare steak came on his medium well sweet potato fries plate.  I finally was able to convince him he had the wrong steak and we switched the meat.  My steak was perfectly cooked.  It was so good I don't know if I would try anything else on the menu.We finished are meal with a dessert. We share a chocolate pot and like everything we had it was very good.The food is great. The restaurant is pretty. The service was spot-on and very accommodating. The tables are uncomfortable. We mentioned it to the waiter and he said they have a lot of complaints about them. They have a shelf under them and the low clearance makes it difficult to sit comfortably.  This would not stop me from coming back again. However, it might stop other people. They should consider changing them soon. This location on the Square has seen a lot of turnover
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,3/2/2013,158,78,5,6,6>My son and his cousin are now enjoying their third year as season ticket holders at Berkeley Playhouse. Together we've seen Oliver, Annie, Suessical the Musical, Cinderella and a whole host of other performances. This weekend we saw Sound of Music and it was outstanding.  You have to love a place that encourages kids and families and provides theater appropriate for kids of all ages. But Berkeley Playhouse executes extremely well. They have stunning performances, reasonably priced, while creating a community of children-inclusive theater. They have their "professional" theater with adult stars and then they also have theater for the youth rising stars. We saw a wonderful production of Geppetto's Pinocchio with an all youth cast who did an outstanding job. Berkeley Playhouse has theater classes as well. Now as to The Sound of Music. I have to reveal that I fell in love with Julie Andrews when I was 6 and saw the movie in the theater. Then I saw the movie almost every year growing up. And I had memorized every song on the album. So how could the theater version possibly compete?  Well, I was amazed at how much more personal the story was, with staging happening all around the theater. I still loved the songs every bit as much, loved Maria, knew why she fell in love with the children. I was enchanted as the story unfolded, even though I knew the ending. When the production was over, I couldn't help but leap to my feet and applaud. This is why we are season ticket holders. Berkeley Playhouse is MAGICAL.  Sound of Music is wonderful. Go see for yourself. Go fall in love.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,3/1/2013,833,1145,4,12,8>Finally, a place that takes tea seriously. They do teas traditionally and brewed by the cup. It's a little bit pricey, but it's quality. But if you don't mind, there is also pre-brewed tea that comes from the dispenser. The ceremonial matcha was a very condensed and thick matcha green tea. It was a little powdery too, but tasted potent. The matcha affogato is delicious. It's just like an affogato except with matcha green tea instead of espresso. The matcha latte was yummy as well, though it was a little too sweet. I would order it less sweet next time. Customizing your order is welcome. Last but not least, they also have milk teas and fruit teas, the kind where you can add boba to. I'm not a huge fan of fruit teas, but the milk teas are delicious and subtle. I've found that they are made on the less-sweet side.Aside from the drinks, they also sell loose leaf teas and some teaware here. They even have Intelligentsia beans for sale here and a french pressed cup is $3. Clover is used for the dairy products and Three Twins is the ice cream used. The space is beautiful. There's lots of wood and concrete. It's a great place to read a book or be on your laptop. I like doing afternoon tea here. The place gives a nod to Taste Tea in Hayes Valley, San Francisco if you're familiar with that.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,2/28/2013,61,176,26,18,14>Whoever said this was a "moderate hike" on the website I went to just before coming here I actually would love to meet you just so I can punch you in the face. My friend and I now fondly refer to this mountain as "Mordor," no mountain need be mentioned. I admit is is a beautiful hike but it is literally a straight up climb to the top, the term switchback as a gradual climb is a joke here. Luckily they have a couple of benches for you to rest up at and plenty of tame cows to look at you like your insane on your way to the top. Once I finally got up to the top 2.5 hours later it was freezing cold and windy, so windy that I had to sit down and practically crawl on all fours to reach the top marker. If you decide to climb to the top of Mordor be sure to take Horse Heaven Trail on your way back. I was surprised to learn that most people I know who made it to the top go back the way they came rather than finishing the loop. Horse Heaven Trail was the best part of the trip, there were way less people and we came across a bunch of wildlife, coyotes, gofers, even a coyote trying to catch a gofer. Not the best hike I've ever been on and waaaay too many people but it's a once in a lifetime type hike, definitely a bucket list sort of thing.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,2/27/2013,576,386,6,10,6>Bacon wrapped mochi: Oh my god. Perfect way to end the meal. The mochi is gooey, slightly charred, and the bacon is crispy, salty and fattie. So good.Pork belly: Unlike the tender braised pork belly I'm used to eating. Theirs is crispy. Very good flavors and well cooked. But shit. You can't go wrong with pork belly!Uni w/ponsu: Pretty generous portion. Rich buttery uni with tart ponzu over some baby greens. Delish.Side note: I swear I've had everything on the menu by now... Spicy chicken tartare with raw quail egg is one of my favs. Don't be scared to try it!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,2/26/2013,506,510,6,11,11>The Red Onion is  a place to visit for burgers & breakfast. They open up at 7:00 am bright and early. The atmosphere is open & spacious and the decor reminds me of Johnny Rockets.I wasn't in the burger mood but I noticed they offered two types of fish sandwiches ($9.49)   mahi mahi and salmon. Both were offered as pan seared vs deep fried and that is a "Yay" for me and because I wanted french fries. The salmon sandwich ( I presumed Atlantic salmon because I asked the waiter, he said location unknown -yes;  Color - red or orange and he said orange) was pan seared to perfection with lettuce, tomato and grilled onion. Nicely done on soft roll.The combination criss-cut french fries and onion rings were cooked to perfection, my girlfriend even show me the basket with wax paper and saw no oil. Some people notice those kinda things. Couple things I did notice though...they didn't give us silverware. We finally received some after we received our main entrees. But the hostess/owner came by the table to ask how everything was. That is very good customer service.Parking is limited to street parking and the lot next to it is for the liquor store. I didn't notice any customers at the liquor store at 7:30 pm. There are "No Parking" signs all over the place.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,2/25/2013,744,496,23,32,23>Soon to be the hottest spot in Oakland. You heard it here first, brotha. I went to Lungomare's soft opening tonight and it rocked my world. Seriously, my palate is my world - why do you think they call me Well Fed Ted? So when Lungomare opens on Thursday, February 7th, on the waterfront at the Jack London Square end of Broadway, you better make your reservations quickly. Your palate wants to be there and your eyes want to delight on the interior, which has been way upgraded from Miss Pearls'. Your hottie honey...or the cutie you wanna hook up with...wants to be here. Your friends, the ones who are into food like you, are gonna wish they got here first. So you need to get your azz over here! Why? Lemme 'splain.Lungomare is from the team behind Chop Bar. The food there is delish, if you hadn't heard or taste it for yourself. Love me some Chop Bar. However, this Mediterranean thing they got goin' on at Lungomare, it is a cuisine supreme. [insert fireworks-show-worthy John Coltrane riff here] Let me break it down. It's coastal meets coastal. Coastal Northern Italian cuisine mashed up with locally sourced, high-quality, California coastal ingredientsFellow foodies, let me now speak to what my mouth wrapped around tonight, which was all fabulous, fabulous food. Trying to explain is like rating music by Hendrix or Miles... You have to get all cosmic just to try to describe it. I'm going to go as far as inventing a new, special, exclusive-to-Lungomare rating level, "5 orgasmic stars," to help you know the very most stellar dishes. Cottechino sausage and lentils, flavor fiesta to savor - 4 starsRibollita, which must mean crazy goodness in Italian - 5 starsMushroom Pizza with perfect crust from the wood oven - 5 starsGnocchi - 5 orgasmic starsBudino custard/pudding, rich and creamy, more chocolate than caramel - 5 orgasmic starsDon't sleep on the liquid cuisine happening at the bar. "That's Amoro" is a tasty drink and "The Italian Job" is sophisticated and hyper-delish. Also enjoyed the wines on tap, especially the Zin.Note, the portions aren't huge, and because all of the dishes are so rich, you couldn't stand taking in too much food volume here. Unlike the pretty places with unsatisfying micro-portions, a couple of apps and a couple of entrées left two of us almost too stuffed to order dessert. So I've tried to paint a picture for you, and I'm posting some photos to do the rest. However, you might still be curious about one thing. What's a Lungomare? Gotcha covered. It means promenade or waterfront in Italian. So until you see me boarding Alitalia Airlines, this soon-to-be hotspot is the only Lungomare for me. P.S. It was a food-focused night, so I only got to sneak a quick peek at the patio. But it was warm out there, despite the chilly February weather. In fact, this sexy little patio seems ready for any almost any weather, day or night. The summer-ready fans and the winter-ready windscreens and mega-heaters make it a four-season hang spot that is guaranteed to be "the scene you want in your movie."
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,2/24/2013,200,82,9,11,8>La Mediterranee rules, and if you disagree with me, your opinion is wrong.Who carries Armenian beer? La Med!Whose Chicken Pomegranate is falling-off-the-bone and delicious? La Med!Who has the fastest service in the West? Take a wild, wild, guess.Be prepared to love everything on their menu. You're welcome.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,2/23/2013,36,347,4,6,4>I would drive hours to enjoy a cupcake from republic of cake. hours! really I would. but fortunately for me, I live just a drive through the caldecott tunnel away, AKA oakland. republic of cake are cupcake magicians. the quality of ingredients, the skill it takes to create a cupcake that is sweet but not too sweet, and the restraint needed to concoct something unexpected but to not over do it by going over board with too many ideas... all these things make ROC the best of the best. a couple of other reasons why I'm a believer:+ last month's "mudpie"  was truly the best cupcake I have ever had. the homemade frosting, the surprise chocolate pudding, the cookie crust!+ I've never been a fan of butter cream. ever. they have changed this. their classic vanilla and chocolate feature a butter cream frosting which I could easily consume a tub of. I know, scary. p.s. if orinda is simply too far away, fear not east bay peeps, they carry these cuties at berkeley bowl! look for them by the bakery.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2012,2/22/2013,340,339,6,10,8>Big Daddy Ross's Cafe seems like a completely different world from what we regularly live in. It looks like a rundown shack in a rural area right by the water. My daughter and I were charmed. We found our brunch place!It is a small diner with friendly and efficient staff. Most of the diners were families and friends, who all seemed to be regulars. We ordered the omelette of the day (ham, mushroom, and avocado), the Denver omelette, and the cheeseburger. There was nothing fancy about them -- it was just plain, good old home cooking done right. The country potatoes were good, and the hash browns were perfectly cooked and seasoned.Big Daddy Ross's may seem a little out of the way, but I promise a very satisfying dining experience. We will definitely become regulars.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,2/21/2013,389,252,7,11,9>Stag's Lunchette is one of my favorite places in Oakland for lunch. The menu is simple, with around 4-5 artisan sandwich options daily, and usually a salad of some sort. They also offer side dishes like Brussels sprouts, potato salad, and freshly pickled pickles (a must for the Reuben). Each sandwich is served hot with a small side of greens (usually either red cabbage slaw or arrugula). I've only tried two different sandwiches on the menu including the Reuben (of course!) and a chicken sandwich but they were both absolutely delicious. If you have a protein-deficiency you can opt for double-meat on your Reuben for an additional $5. I haven't done this yet, but it's only a matter of time... Stag's also offer two homemade sauces in the flavors of "XX" and "XXX," neither of which is as intimidating as the description might suggest. They are both vinegar-based sauces and quite delicious on your sammie. As for the service, it's excellent. The cashier is always warm, friendly and smiling when I order.  Stag's Lunchette is definitely doing it right.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,2/20/2013,244,1164,6,9,8>I love this store!  Huge variety of every type of Mexican groceries you could ever want.  I stopped in today and loaded up on spices, couple of kinds of dried chiles, fresh tortillas,  nopales, cotija cheese and some marinated carne asada.  The sweet girls behind the register rang it all up, and I think I spent around $25 for items that will keep me cooking for a while.Plenty of free parking in the lot, and the store itself is immaculately clean.Tip:  if you're hungry, hit up their tacqueria right next door.  The food is fantastic.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,2/19/2013,91,181,10,9,13>So, the first time I actually made it to this little spot was after I was paying a visit to my friends from Jersey up the road.  We spent that morning eating breakfast and talking s*** about not finding any good bagels in California, and how the only time anyone makes a real bagel, it's at some crowded, novelty spot.I had heard that Beauty's had opened around the corner from me, so I took it upon myself to eat there, thinking that I would expose some hipster fake-bagel BS...boy was I wrong!This place ROCKS!  I will be here every morning that I'm not too hungover to spend a morning in public (so, like, every so often)! First of all, lets just get down to it-- they DO make real bagels!  They aren't New York "style" (they aren't this giant thing that you can eat all day), but they have the same density.  They are the "Montreal" or Canadian style bagels--smaller in size like a soft pretzel in a round shape, BUT just as crispy on the outside and dense on the inside as in NYC.  The Salt and Pepper I had was the last one on the shelf, so it was a little beat, but the everything bagel that I had made me want to cry.  Does this place actually ::gasp:: boil AND bake their bagels?  I didn't want to ask and be "that guy," but I think they do. I THINK THEY DO!The inside is refreshingly undecorated and unassuming.  Instead of using the open-air and floor space to cram some antique booths and a bunch of decor in with all the patrons, Beauty's uses no frills (without being "minimalist") and takes advantage of a sweet floor setup.  When I say floor setup I mean "flow"--patrons can get in and get out with plenty of separate spaces to stand in line, wait for their order, tend to their coffees/condiments, and sit down to eat.  For a small space, they've really made the most of it.  Small outdoor area with a few tables to sit by the sidewalk was charming and just enough.  I can't wait to be a regular here.  It was only 5 bucks for 2 bagels and a coffee!(coffee was good, too!  Mild brew, but yummy!)4 stars, but I might change it to 5 once I make more trips there and become obsessed.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,2/18/2013,207,242,2,9,6>This is literally the go-to Taishanese place in Oakland Chinatown. Their top notch dishes are their clay pot rice. For ya'll who do not know what clay pot rice is, its basically a Chinese version of a Korean bibimbop. They pretty much place a clay pot over a hot stove and cook the rice slowly so it forms a nice crispy rice shell at the bottom. Then when the rice is almost cooked, they put in all the toppings and topping can vary from; eel, preserved meats, frog, chicken and mushrooms, salted fish and pork. My favorites are: preserved meats and frog. Frog is not for the fainted heart, so order if you are feeling adventurous or you are comfortable with eating frog. I typically order their mini-herbal soups: its only 1.99 and very nutritious (or at least my parent's tell me so). They have some pretty traditional chinese dishes and also the more americanized dishes, so order what you are typically like to eat.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,2/17/2013,11,315,2,4,4>We love Doggy Lama!  We have been using Doggy Lama for about 8 months now.  We were able to meet with both the owner and actual dog walker at our home prior to employing their services.  Our pup, Lola, goes out on her walks once a day, five days a week (and a rare evening walk).  As far as we can tell, Lola enjoys her walks (really, hikes) and comes home ready for a nap.  It is so nice to have people you can trust in your home and with your pup.  It is not super cheap, but when you are giving someone access to your house and your dog, you need people you can trust!  Lola seems to have made friends in her pack, and Lucia and Molly seem to be able to address the individual dog's needs even in a group walk scenario (i.e., our dog stays on leash, while other dogs are fine off leash).  They also leave a report everyday, indicating the pick up/drop off time, the dog's energy level, who her walkmates were, etc.  Very thankful to have found Lucia and Molly.!
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2012,2/16/2013,143,214,5,7,7>When I have a falafel that moves me, I must write about it. The falafel here will change your world. Ok, so that is a bit dramatic. The falafel here will change your culinary world. Probably the best falafel I have ever had. Not just the falafel is amazing, but the hot sauce as well. The combination is fantastic. I got the meal as takeout which they were super speedy. The worker was also incredibly friendly. The falafel came with hummus and a cream dill sauce. It was minimal but very delicious. You also get some pita. It was a complete meal for $7 and some change. Well worth it. Give it a try if you are in the area.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,2/15/2013,179,235,1,8,4>I tried this place yesterday with a "foodie" colleague who is the only person I work with willing to spend more than $10 on lunch- lol.  Belli Osteria has the feel and decor of a nicer restaurant. Crimson colored walls, large mirrored wall, European atmosphere. We went with the recommended ravioli and chose the braised beef in a fondo bruno sauce. We got five ravioli and they were very flavorful and  delicious (although my friend found his a bit salty). The entrees do not come with any sides, but  I had read the Yelp tips so knew to ask for bread and olive oil. They were very generous refilling the bread, so I ended up having my weekly supply of carbs in one sitting ;)  We used the bread to sop up the tasty ravioli sauce and were quite full when we left. With an ice tea, tax 'n tip, we got out for $20 each. A nice treat for the occasional spendy lunch :)
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,2/14/2013,111,134,6,11,8>I love going to the Berkeley Rose Garden on nice, sunny days. Whether it's a relaxing stroll among the flowers, people-watching while sitting on a bench, or having a hearty picnic, there's something here for everyone! There are even a few tennis courts which seem well-maintained and a full-sized hitting wall instead of the normal puny ones you find at most parks. The garden (which just celebrated its 75th anniversary) boasts rows and rows of beautiful roses with interesting names such as Olympiad and Sexy Rexy. At the very bottom of the stairs, there is a serene little pond area with what can kind of be classified as a small waterfall where you can escape from the sun into the shade. Also, if you're like me, other fun can be had by stalking the squirrels and dragonflies and taking too many pictures of them. Best of all, this local delight is free to all and is open year round even when the flowers aren't blooming!TIP: The best time to visit is around mid-May! The roses are pruned in January, so there won't be anything to see for awhile, but this is still a pretty place regardless.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2012,2/13/2013,767,878,4,9,7>Japanese Tapas  taken to the next level, tucked away on the humble corner of Dwight lies a diamond in the rough.Chef Jason's interpretation of farm to table cooking infused with Japanese and Korean roots, makes for a playful presentation of aesthetic dishes when deciding on the Omakase menu option. You can decide between $50.00, $75.00 and $100.00.So I  chose the $75.00 Omakase and got two additional dishes so let's review those first.-Hotate (Hokkaido Scallops), definitely fresh and buttery. The quality is similar to Ohshima (Orange, CA) and Sushi Wasabi (Tustin, CA).-Pork Belly Tacos: I'm a a fan of pork belly (one of the savory gourmet delights of my personal palate). The Pork Belly was nice and juicy, the lime added enough acidity to cut through when necessary and the other components were held together by a mini tortilla. The only con was it was somewhat messy to eat. The taco fell apart immediately after the first bite and the juices ran rivers through my finger tips as I finished my last bites.-Kanpachi Carpaccio: I'm not a big fan of avocados, I didn't fully understand the purpose it served in this dish. Since the kanpachi and in-house sauce that supplemented it were good enough for me. -Sesame infused Uni Hand Roll: There was smoke, crunch and richness in the uni texture all at once. I thoroughly enjoyed and I am not a fan of uni (slowly becoming one though).-Salmon Sashimi w/Truffle Aioli and Mango emulsion: Looks nice, the salmon is fresh, Truffle wasn't overwhelming however the Mango was underwhelming (at least to me).-Tuna (Toro) Tartare w/ Caviar, Avocado and In-House sauce. This dish had a lot of control. I thought it would be too rich and milky considering, the avocado and fatty toro was in the same circular mold. However everything came together and nothing was overpowering in my palate. -Mussels Con Chorizo: Probably my best dish of the night (a new dish they just placed on the menu). Mussels cooked well (I don't even like mussels) and the Chorizo broth was addicting. To the point of licking the bowl like a dog, type of addicting.-Omakase Dessert: Homemade brownie, infused with Green Tea Ice Cream and layered into a Chocolate Mousse. It was sort of like molten cake but not really.After spending $116.00 dollars (tip included) the experience was enjoyable. Service was excellent (replaced silverware after every dish). However, it was really hard for me to "get messy" as Chef Jason put it when a nicely plated dish is presented to you. I probably used the same amount of napkins I would normally use in an All You Can Eat setting. And, I do find the price point a bit higher than expected with Omakase. After cooking for less than a decade, I respect Chef Jason for bringing his A-Game here in the east bay. Overall, I look forward to his growth and evolution in the coming years. Cheers, 4.5 (but I had to round down to a 4).
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,2/12/2013,1429,411,11,14,13>When I visit Fremont, there are really only three things that I come for.1. Mission Peak, because hey, I gotta get my hike on.2. Ranch 99 Market, because hey, I gotta get my freaky asian treats on.and 3. Gater's Kabob Hut, because hey, I gotta get my Gater on!I have to admit, I fancy myself a connoisseur of delicious kabobs and shawarma plates. From the dirty streets of NYC, to the booming lamb dives all over Europe- I've had more gyros than you can shake a pita at! But when it comes to the Bay Area, Gater's really is the one kabob shop that stands above the rest. I'm tellin' you, I love to get my Gater on.Even though the wraps are awesome, I'm more fond of the combo plates than anything else. The chicken is great. The lamb is great. The salads are fresh. The Gater is extra chewy (just kidding, no Gater at Gater's lol). And hey, when I feel like veggin' out a bit, the falafel is delicious. Totally a fan. As good as it gets. 5 Stars.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,2/11/2013,341,458,7,11,10>I'm still loving the Broken Rack.  They no longer serve the Moose Drool Ale, but they have replaced it with a draft I enjoy just as much - Downtown Brown.  Thank you for the introduction!  I have some in my fridge now, but it's not quite as good as the draft.I still love that they support the women's tour.  It's my favorite venue on the tour because of the little lounge where the kids can hang out without being distracting.  But now I'm really enjoying the Tuesday night WorldPPA nine ball tournaments.  It's handicapped, so I have a chance when playing against the superstars... and it gets me qualified for the super fun Reno tournament at the Grand Sierra.  Love it!It's nice that it's next to the Public Market, but try the food here, too.  I like the chili!
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,2/10/2013,140,99,20,10,15>Tacos mi Rancho is like dating a girl who used to be in a gang.   When its good, its awesome.  But now and then, you'll have to put up with a couple of shady characters constantly hanging around her.  And you can't help shake that feeling that you're about to be in trouble.  Oh, and that security guard is nice to have, but you start to wonder why he's keeping such a close eye on you.  But when you need her, she's always up for you, especially when you're having cravings in the middle of the night, just hanging out on the corner.  And you know you'll keep coming back because you're addicted.  - Taco's at $1.25 per.  These are way cheap, but that's just to get you hooked, and eventually lead to....- Gateway Super Burritos that must weigh in close to a KILO.  You're probably not gonna finish it without help, but try anyway, and get the Al Pastor.- Dime bags of chiles and pickled carrots are a bonus. Tacos mi Rancho was here long before the happy little tea party of food trucks began to go off the grid. And she reminds you that she doesn't need any of that. Because she can murder them.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,2/9/2013,732,444,9,11,11>Business meeting in 15 minutes and my local coffee joint on Telegraph is closed. What to do, what to do???I see a sign that proclaims, "Coffee!" with an arrow pointing down 49th St. I follow it like a dutiful hound chasing prey. It points me down an alleyway. I don't even question it. The sudden smell of coffee wakes me up, and I look around. I've entered an alternate universe. It's cozy, cute and quaint, tucked away seemingly far from the hustle and bustle of Telegraph Ave. just a block away. Cro Cafe is a tiny place in a small space - no seats to sit on, no food - but they really care about their coffee, and it shows. This cafe specializes in espresso and handmade drip coffees using Sightglass beans, and the product is unbelievable. It made me want to cry out passionate, descriptive terms usually reserved for fine wines ("full bodied! robust! fruit on the nose, spicy on the palate!"). I think it's the best cup of coffee I've had in the Bay Area.It's a no-frills place - there aren't any tables or chairs, so don't bring along your laptop hoping to plug in. They don't do skim milk or fake sugar, either. So get your cup, request a splash of cream, daintily spoon your sugar, and feel grateful to have such a gem so close to work.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,2/8/2013,628,530,9,20,20>Black Garlic Oil in Ramen?!  Sign Me Up!Cold. Windy. Raining.  Searched for parking. Followed my iPhone map around until finally finding Sobo Ramen.  Perhaps it was the terrible weather. Perhaps it was because it was a Wednesday.  Either way, the place was pretty empty.The staff were really friendly and really good about refilling my tea (I can drink a pot alone, so this was great!)I had the Tonkotsu Ramen with Mayu ($9.50)-"Drizzled with mayu (black garlic oil) giving the broth a fragrant and roasted flavor, topped with chashu, soft boiled egg, bean sprout, green onion and sesame seeds"Sound good?  It was.  I added soft tofu and shitake mushrooms for $1 each.  I was in ramen heaven.  Yup I was.  So good.  Noodle quality was top notch.  Chewy and fresh.  Not powdery, over cooked, or preserved.  It was good stuff.My friends had the Tonkotsu Ramen with Grilled Chicken ($8.50)- "Grill chicken thigh meat marinated in soy and sake on top of ramen, topped with corn, black fungus, green onion and sesame seeds"  and the Spicy Miso Ramen ($8.95)-"Topped with chashu, soft boiled egg, shiitake mushroom, bean sprout, seaweed, green onion, and sesame seeds in spicy miso broth."  Of the two, we liked the Spicy Miso Ramen.My only complaint was that the chashu was very thinly cut and very fatty.  The two of these things combined meant that it was really like eating a chunk of pure fat, which I'm not a huge fan of.Remember to check in to get your free thai ice tea or flavored lemonade (the mango lemonade is tasty btw!)
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,2/7/2013,259,248,2,9,8>Probably my favorite spot in all of Walnut Creek.Sometimes Stellas and Coronas fall flat when cruising for a brew. This is about the time I'm checking to see when OL (pronounced like the -ool in drool) opens up to serve me up another one of their fine Belgian-crafted ales. I like to pretend that I know everything when it comes to beer, but at the times that my beer-lore fails me, without a doubt one of the trusty servers at OL swoops in to wax eloquent about the available brews and fill in the gaps so to speak. These cool cats are pros when it comes to picking out the perfect brew to whet your whistle with.I'm not sure if it's the chalkboard signage or the slabs of stained wood they use for tables, but the entire place just oozes "Mancave". (In a good way...not the crusty college dormroom kind)Still can't make up your mind? They offer a flight of four of your favorite pours for $20. Say what!?!
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,2/6/2013,81,115,7,10,6>Attention all Juicers(not the sports kind...sit down slugger)....you finally have a place to go in the Tri-Valley besides Whole Foods. If you are like me and have watched "Fat, Sick and nearly dead" you now have some motivation to squeeze a vegetable or two.  Here are the positives:  They have fun all veg. juice cocktails and awesome smoothies!  They have Acai Bowls that are great.  They also have lots of gluten free options.  The staff is friendly.Here is why they don't get 5 stars:  Wheat Grass!!!!!  The health benefits of this powerful one ounce shot of green power liquid are amazing and I hate the fact I can't add that to my almost daily order.  If the owners should happen to read this...please add Wheat Grass.  Cost... It is not cheap to be healthy and J&J Express is pricey.  Blenzers in Castro Valley has a 24 ounce all-vegetable-juice squeezed when you order,  for less than $6.  My order of a shot of Wheat Grass and a 24 ounce juice is only $7.50.  In comparison my average order at J&J Express is around $13 for a 14 ounce juice and a small acai bowl.  That being said this place is a solid 4 stars and worth the extra money.Let's get Juiced Tri-Valley!!!!
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,2/5/2013,343,146,5,19,16>The Honest Truth: Cheeseboard pizza, green serrano pepper sauce, fresh ingredients, support for local farmers, fighting against human trafficking, great live music every night, trendy vibe.  2.75 per slice. Whats not to love?The Details:So it looks like everyone who's tried this place is comparing it to cheeseboard... but the thing is, its not trying to be cheeseboard.  Check out their website for more information, but this is a place thats using their skills and talents (food) to make a difference in the world.  I respect that, and a BONUS is that their food is good and yes, it does taste like cheeseboard.  So regardless of the comparison, their food is great and from my experience there, and I can see that the mission of their restaurant translates into the way they interact with their customers.  They are generous with the "slivers" that they give and encourage you to be generous with them as well.  As I was getting my pizza and leaving, the chef who handed me the pizza put two extra slices on top, looked me in the eye and said, "hey man, make sure you share those." And sure enough that was on my mind as I headed back to my car, so I gave the pieces to a couple homeless guys that night.  This place is not just a pizza place, but they have a mission and hold true to that.  Props to them.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,2/4/2013,188,373,5,12,7>Is there anything outdoorsy you can't do in Tilden?If you're in shape, there are miles of trails connecting to other East Bay Regional Parks.  If you're not in shape, you can drive to the top of the hill and take the paved Nimitz Trail, soaking in some of the best views of San Francisco Bay.  If you have kids, there's the carousel, steam trains, and Little Farm.  If you like to swim or fish, there's Lake Anza.  If you like a pretty pond, there's Jewel Lake.  If you're looking for a picnic spot, there's too many to count, both official and unofficial spots.  If you like bike riding, both on- and off-road, the land and required skill level are a good introduction to the entire Bay Area.  Golf?  Yep, there's a course.  Wedding Reception?  The daughter of a friend of mine got married in the Brazilian Room.  Open space and shade, and lots of both.Camping?  Nope, you need to go south to Chabot Park.  I'd think there would be spots off of South Park Drive that can make for good primitive sites;  there are plenty of nature lovers in the Bay Area who would use the camp and take care of it.It's not very convenient to get there.  But if you drive to the top of the Berkeley Hills, you'll see signs pointing the way, and the park is just over the hill.  And the city streets are not too steep, so you can park your car at Cal and ride to Tilden without going into granny gear.It's the understated crown jewel of the East Bay Regional Parks, a locals' favorite, and a place you will want to spend a lot of time in.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,2/3/2013,470,139,7,14,12>I'm always amazed at how much I enjoy Smart Alec's. Even on a cold winter evening, there's something about a cold, crunchy bowl of vegetables that is simply irresistible. Love the blend, love the size of each nugget of produce, love the balsamic. I would caution against ordering some of their new stuff if you went there to be healthy. Basically, don't put bacon on stuff. Unless you're there with a salad freak and you're just trying to be supportive. Then, by all means, order the side of bacon. This place should be listed as BYOF - bring your own fork. They're often out of metal forks and instead dispense plastic ones, which are really terrible at getting into carrots.This place is stupid cheap: $6.89(ish) for a salad. It's delicious and it comes with cornbread. My dining partners and I can usually only eat one piece between the two of us though. Those things are huge!The bathroom leaves something to be desired, but what can you do? It's on Telegraph. I can tell they're trying to make it nicer, too. How sweet. Anyway, come here to study or have a really awesome salad for pretty cheap. I know i will.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,2/2/2013,783,516,7,18,14>This is the kind of local business that deserves our support! Tea Here Now is a tiny tea shop serving high quality tea for ridiculously low prices.  When I dropped in earlier today, I was warmly greeted by the owner, Andrea, who graciously educated me about the differences between so many of her teas.  She let me sample her spicy chai and sniff many of her loose leaf teas before I made a decision on what I'd like to drink. She ended up brewing me a custom mix of hibiscus and sencha for a mere $1.50. The space itself is very, very small, so don't expect to snag a table for you and your three friends.  If you're a group of two or drinking solo, you may get lucky and snag one of the few tables where you can sip a delicious cup of tea, nosh on a healthy salad, or nibble on a baked treat, all while listening to pleasant French music. I really hope that Tea Here Now becomes a longstanding business in Oakland. Andrea is such a warm soul who is obviously passionate about what she does.  Thank you for the tasty afternoon treat!
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,2/1/2013,252,264,7,7,8>Vik, Vik, Vik, you are one amazing man...whoever you are! Being Indian, I'm always super picky about Indian restaurants mainly because they're usually not good and I could get better at home.  So whenever I find a place that hits the spot, it makes my day! Vik's definitely has a cafeteria style vibe.  It's a great casual lunch spot if you're looking for some delicious, flavor-packed food! They have a wide array of different dishes.  Everything I've every had here is scrumptious!  I particularly love their Sholay Bhatooray, Samosas, Chaat and Dosas.I recently brought my super-picky Mom here and she was blown away as well!Go here people, just do it!
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,1/31/2013,23,293,13,12,10>Between The Trappist and Beer Revolution, why aren't you drinking beer right now? If Beer Revolution is a vegan biker, then The Trappist is a orchestra conductor who had a mid-life crisis and got hooked on Belgian ale.The only annoying thing is that if you have a table outside, and you want to order another beer, then you have to ask someone to save your spot because if you leave an empty glass it will be bussed within fifteen seconds and some lady with an unidentifiable accent will take your seat and ignore you when you try to make eye contact with her.It can get extremely loud in the main room so bring your outdoor voices.Oh, and I love the bean salad. (The menu changes frequently, so if it's gone, nevermind, it wasn't that great after all.)
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2012,1/30/2013,272,451,6,16,9>Does Boiling Crab finally have some competition? Why yes it does. Think of this restaurant as Boiling Crab without the "omg I'm going to starve to death" wait. It's also pretty conveniently located in Berkeley, which is a lot closer than SJ or Sac. Now, since I don't want this to be just a straight up comparison between Crab Yard and Boiling Crab, I'm going to stop mentioning any other restaurant.If you are one of those clean and tidy eaters, then this place isn't for you. Be prepared to get down and dirty as you dive into a bag full of seafood and go exploring through a thick sauce for those last few pieces of fish. Just imagine dunking your hands in a bowl of pasta sauce, and that's exactly how they'll look after eating here at Crab Yard. Thankfully, this restaurant has you covered, literally. You'll get a bib and a whole roll of paper towels, cause they know how messy you'll be after eating. The food itself is pretty amazing. You order by the pound, which sounds like a lot of food at first, but the seafood isn't shelled, so you gotta take that into consideration when you order. Once you choose which type of seafood you want, you decide both the sauce you want and the spiciness. There are three types of sauces, Lemon Pepper, Garlic & Butter, and the Combo. Then, there are the three levels of spice, mild, medium, and EXTREME. If you have no idea what to do, get the Combo sauce, and whatever level of spice you wanna tolerate. Your food will come in a plastic bag placed in a bucket, and it's your job to unshell everything for yourself. Just be sure to dip your seafood in the sauce once you get it shelled so you get all that flavor in there again. My one and only gripe about this place is the bathroom. With a restaurant like this, you'd want a big bathroom to accomodate a bunch of people washing their hands after the meal. Instead, we've got this one incredibly small little bathroom that fits a toilet, a sink, and not much else. Other than that, this place is worth a shot. Service is pretty cool and the prices aren't bad either. Crab Yard has won me over, so give it a try and hopefully you'll like it as well.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,1/29/2013,374,75,7,14,16>Plum peppered my taste-buds while also housing me and my giggly-buds late into the evening. Some nights you wanna take in slowly, and I appreciate a staff that doesn't rush that. The communal tables and exposed kitchen added to the charm. Like Plum Bar next door, the design is perfect. Manny, Plum's chef, visited our table and giggled right along with us. The Plum gang not only let us lounge lazily, but also spoiled us by sending over generous portions of their most inventive appetizers, Carrots and Beef Tongue. Both were well balanced and flavorful. I especially enjoyed the Tongue, topped with radish, olive salt, horseradish creme fraiche. The gem of the night was the Cauliflower Soup with puffed quinoa, pomegranate, curry. The broth was carried to the table in a beaker and poured over the contents of the soup for a dramatic touch. From start to finish it was quite a treat for the senses. We finished the night with two deserts, a rich chocolate tart sprinkled with raspberry and mint, and a white chocolate parfait with pear, ginger, and lime. Both were shared among various 'mmm's. Manny and his staff made sure our night was special.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2012,1/28/2013,449,368,24,32,23>Snowflake Tea House (how it is spelled in the signage) is the latest addition to the Bay Area Taiwanese shaved snow scene, and arguably the best - by some accounts, the only decent one - thus far. Taiwanese shaved snow (not to be confused with shaved ice) has been around for a long time, but has only recently been popularized in the US by places like Class 302 (yelp.com/biz/class-302-r…) in Rowland Heights. The Bay has had a few shops of its own, but they have all come off as pale imitations. Snowflake Tea House is here to break that trend, so I definitely had to check it out for myself before it blew up!Date: Fri, Dec 7Time: 10 pm to 12 midnightCapacity: Half full, with a mix of rowdy Asian American yuppies and young HK'ersDecor: Located in the old YoSwirl yogurt, Snowflake Tea House attempts to snazz it up with decor consisting of flashing icicles near the front door, 3-D~esque wavy lattice on one wall, white tables matched with darker cabinets and flooring, and best of all, a set of purple, velvety pimp chairs and couches with sparkly buttons seemingly handpicked by Snoop Dogg, err... Lion himself. Sounds like a mess? Somehow, it all seems to mesh, and totally lends to the charm of the place. The only thing somewhat lagging is the lackluster signage that looks like a ripoff of the Icee logo.Food: Milk tea, tapioca drinks, crêpes, and brick toast, among other things, are all offered at Snowflake Tea House, but of course, the real star attraction is the shaved snow. You basically start with a base flavor (plain, strawberry, mango, etc.) for a tad under $7, and add toppings, which range from $0.50 for simple items (tapioca, jelly) to $1 for fruit.Tastewise, I'd say that the texture is hands down the best in NorCal, but still not quite up to snuff in comparison to down South. The milk tea is also passable, but only as a complement to the shaved snow. If craving milk tea, and only milk tea, I'd still rather go to Fantasia down the street. I did not have the opportunity to try the crêpe for myself, but another member of our group really enjoyed his, and if it tastes anywhere near as great as its presentation, I'm quite sure that everyone else would have a similar assessment.Service: Stick skinny Taiwanese girls with short shorts and knee high stockings teamed with cool Taiwanese dudes with 'dos straight out of the latest T-drama, all delivered with the occasional smile. What more can you ask for?In closing, anyone who reads my reviews knows that I am always baffled as to why LA always gets the cool stuff, while we in the Bay constantly get the shaft. With the impending success and popularity of Snowflake Tea House, it won't be long before people realize that there is certainly a market for trendy Asian eateries in little brother up North. I could end up saving a lot of money by not having to visit the 626 so many times per year.Extras:-free wifi, password: snowflake-interesting round, plastic chairs up front that remind me of motorcycle helmets, all purple, of course-music: soundtrack straight out of the 106 KMEL playlist-plenty of outdoor seating-bathroom: single, well maintained unisex
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,1/27/2013,297,409,5,6,6>First things first.... looks matter! This place is pretty immaculate. Clean interior, cozy booths, shining tables. No matter what the food tastes like, if a restaurant is grimy, I'm reluctant to return. I had never been in Playa Azul, the former inhabitant of this space, but I'm sure Chop Chop fixed it up a bit. Kudos for the splendid aesthetics. The waiter greeted us promptly and brought us to a booth. We asked for hot tea while we perused the menu, and it came out right away. I decided on the Ya Chae Bi Bim Bap, which is totally VEGAN! It even says so on the menu. Immediately, I am overjoyed. Unfortunately, I had a brain fart and forgot to inquire as to whether served brown rice. I even forgot to ask for it to be Dol Sot Bi Bim Bab, which is served in the hot stoneware. That's my own fault. I guess my brain was foggy from last night's boozy adventure in San Francisco. I will definitely remember next time. Sadly, the banchan could have used some work. Most of them were a little bland, but I guess that's better than being salty. I liked the broccoli side dish the best. My Korean mother did note that the kkakdugi (radish kimchi) was great, but noted that the others were just so-so. Despite the fact the side dishes fell flat, I would visit again. The service was really friendly. The waiter and the owner were genuinely sweet. She even brought us a few complimentary mung bean pancakes. I did not partake (because I thought they might have egg inside), but it was a very kind gesture. I felt very welcome and appreciated, which is crucial when running an eatery.Chop Chop Korean BBQ seems like a sweet spot to bring a date, or my entire family... but definitely not both at the same time. ;)
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2012,1/26/2013,138,217,8,8,7>It was September in the Bay. There was a chill in the air and the leaves began to sport red, yellow and orange hues. It was officially fall and I needed to update my look. I wanted to go bold--RED! Enter Helen, colorist and stylist extraordinaire.I've been going to Helen for years, save for a brief hiatus in LA where I did some bad things to my coif--overpriced frizz and fried inducing "balayage." So I needed a professional to whip my mane in to shape. Upon entering Hermosa, Helen already had an array of swatches for me to peruse and quickly placed a refreshment in my hand. The creative process had begun! I don't have the most even complexion and feared red locks would only exacerbate this, but Helen carefully chose the correct shade to achieve my desired look and compliment my fair skin. She also cut off chunks of fried hair and put some life back into my shape. In about an hour and a half I was a new me sporting a truly fall look. Since, I've gotten so many rave compliments on my new do. And it feels wonderful to be back in the hands of a professional stylist. I'll be back for a visit next week to keep this good look going. Thanks Helen!
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,1/25/2013,476,261,9,14,11>A cozy little shop that can be enjoyed equally by the beer connoisseur and those like me who are only pretending.The left side of the shop offers a selection of Californian beers that can be purchased by the bottle or in small packs. If you want to enjoy your drink there, you can set up shop at any of the couches, tables, or beer barrel stools. Beer flights are super cheap ($6 for 4 tastings) and you can mix and match anything from the 16 constantly rotating beers they have on tap. There is a great variety--hoppy, dark, blond, cider, IPA, double IPA--you name it they've got it, and if one tap runs out they're quick to replace it with something else. They also provide free pretzels with your beer, and you can purchase some simple cheese plates or bring your own food. Not a huge place so I wouldn't recommend coming here to watch the superbowl or anything, but definitely a cooler place to chill with friends over some drinks and board games than the nearest TapEx, for example.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,1/24/2013,186,96,13,16,15>These sandwiches are so, so good.I first came here about 2 weeks ago for their soft opening. They were giving out free samples all week, and since I live in the dorms right next door, I went a couple times ...maybe too many times. But the samples were so good! I was so excited for them to open because I love gourmet sandwiches.First off, let me explain the format of ordering. You first choose your bread, then your choice of meat, then your choice of cheese, and then any additional toppings like avocado or extra meat for an added fee. All sandwiches come with lettuce, tomato, pickles, onions, and 2 (?) secret sauces. I believe one is a mildly spicy garlic sauce and the other has some relish in it. Both sauces are soooo good, and each sandwich comes with both.Regular sandwiches are $6.50, which I thought was pretty outrageous at first. However, after they handed me my sandwich, I was shocked. THE REGULAR SANDWICHES ARE HUUUUUUGEE! I'm pretty sure my sandwich weighed a pound. It's definitely enough to feed 2 people.I chose dutch crunch bread, turkey, and monterey jack for my sandwich. I loooooooooved it!! I just finished a half of the sandwich and it was so good. Their dutch crunch could be crunchier, but I was pretty satisfied with it. The turkey was soft and tasty and the cheese was really fresh. I got the sandwich to-go and they put two mints and gummies in my brown bag!I love gourmet sandwiches. I like simple sandwiches too, don't get me wrong - but there's something so alluring about a stacked, gourmet sandwich. It's an art.Definitely check this place out if you love sandwiches as much as I do. Also, support local businesses! The cashier is suuuuper nice and I met the owner of the business a couple days ago - all the workers are sweethearts!
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,1/23/2013,152,140,2,6,4>My favorite brunch spot in the East Bay by far! Everything I've tried there has been amazing. Their menu has everything you could want for brunch, and they have daily specials that are always seasonal and delicious. So far, I've tried:- buckwheat pancakes with blueberries, bananas and pecans - these were such a treat! I usually don't order pancakes because I get bored of them quickly and they're often dry, but these pancakes were moist, light, and tasted healthy enough to eat for breakfast :)- eggs benedict - they had a special salmon steak florentine benedict with spinach and tomato, and it was perfect! probably the best eggs benedict I've ever had, and i'm usually not a huge fan of hollandaise because i feel like it usually just tastes like pure butter (probably because it is :) , but i liked theirs a lot!- their homefries are delicious too! i love how they're thinly sliced and perfectly seasoned.- service is always awesome! they are all so nice!
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,1/22/2013,330,444,12,14,16>Great coffee in a beautiful setting and open at 7 am on weekdays!  And not just open, ready to pour me some piping hot coffee! Yay. Plus it's easy to get parking in the early morning, a good alternative to the mess over on Lakeshore. I am obsessed with the pressed wood and agate pedestals here, as well as all the hammered aluminum pieces for the home.  those are probably the only things in my Lil price range I could even consider as furnishing choices. I love what they have done with the place, the coffee is muy bueno, and this block of Grand did need to be elevated a bit.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,1/21/2013,97,123,5,8,7>Love Laney Flea Market. Yea, It's usually a stop during a chill Sunday thrift tour. Both sides - the free no holds back side, and the paid ($1) side - are my favorite. What can I say, I love going through other peoples old used ish.The free side - you can pretty much find any thing from an old rug, a bike, popples (yes the stuffed animal with a pouch and a tail), ice cream truck, a 3-step ladder, tools, used nikes and clothes that belong to individuals which they no longer want. This side people are more willing to bargain and more frequently let you name your price.The paid ($1) side - its a little (slightly) more organized by product, people sell inventory of anything from make-up, furniture, clothes, records, scarves, plants, produce, kitchen cleaning products and items etc.You can really find just about a-ny-thing here, things you don't even know you're looking for. I once went here on a mission with $10 to get my mom a wireless router because hers broke. We found 2 routers, PLUS got kettle corn PLUS got a strawberry lemonade and had some change left over. That's what I'm talkin about!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,1/19/2013,579,194,6,8,6>His name is Domingo! I was just reading my review from 2 years ago and the bartender's name is Domingo. Domingo has been a friend since my first few visits and it's awesome that he works Friday and Saturdays!This past weekend I had a group dinner at Soi 4. There were about 7 of us and  it was a great opportunity to try more dishes. I really like the ambiance here because Thai restaurants are usually in a more casual setting but it feels like fine dining at Soi 4, except you get to come in casual attire. I think this is the perfect location for a date night with the white linen clothes and dim lighting. They also have happy hour everyday!What we ordered:-hoi op Baked mussels on a half shell served with fresh lime wedges: good appetizer to start with. It was creamy and delicious and reminded me of a lion king sushi roll-somtum Green papaya, string beans, cherry tomatoes, & nuts tossed in sweet garlic lime dressing : good but nothing special-pad se-ew Pan-fried wide rice noodles with pork, chinese broccoli, egg, & Thai black bean sauce : good. soi 4 makes great noodles butI prefer the pad ke-mao which is similar but spicy-pad ped pladook Stir-fried crispy catfish filet in dry red curry with snake beans, squash and wild ginger - Must get! The flavors were pungent, tasty and delicous; pairs well with fried rice or steam rice to balance the flavors-kao pad pu Crab fried rice - good and is a great dish to go with any curry type food-kang bpet Honey roasted duck, cherry tomatoes, and spinach in pineapple red curry - My favorite! I get this everytime I'm here. I love duck and curry and this is a the perfect harmony of the two. It is a delicous creamy red curry. The pineapples and honey add to the sweetness of the curry. -crispy fried banana w/ coconut ice cream- My favorite thai food dessert. It's a must get if you never tried it.-Ginger Drop Martini-  Made with strips of fresh ginger and vodka. I'll take this over a boring lemon drop any day.Enjoy!
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,1/18/2013,843,273,26,30,29>QQ is in my hood and I'm ashamed to say that I've never tried it until recently. Blasphemy, I know.All *you* need to know about this place is that they make fresh, hand pulled noodles that possess such an amazing and unexpected texture unlike anything you've had before. So firm and chewy and... and GOOD! I'll be honest, at first, I wasn't sure exactly how I felt about them. In fact, I was kind of bummed that the noodles weren't absorbent enough to soak up some of the broth.... come to find out, this a good thing as it preserves the texture of the noodles. I figured this out the hard way.So here's the low down: the portions are gargantuan. As such, I couldn't finish the whole bowl in one sitting and decided to take the rest to go. By the time I got hungry enough to grub again, I was in for an unhappy surprise; it just wasn't the same. The noodles did eventually soak up some of the broth, but also lost much of their signature "bounce." I found myself missing the one thing that set QQ apart from most other noodle soup spots! My suggestion to avoid the kind of disappointment I endured? Stuff your face at the restaurant to fully experience and appreciate the noodoh. Who cares if you can't finish it all. JUST DO IT. You can regret the bloated feeling later, but at least you can say you enjoyed Taiwanese noodles the way they were meant to be eaten!I got the #10 spicy beef stew noodle soup (yelp.com/biz_photos/_LgR…) that everyone and their mama and papa and baby sitter's twice removed uncle suggested. It definitely had some kick, but nothing too crazy. Personally, I can handle my spice so I'm glad there was a condiment tray at the table to adjust the bowl to my taste bud burning needs. Bonus points! The one mini let down was that the broth was a bit bland for my tastes. Maybe it needed more time brewing with some bones or more salt or... I dunno, more MSG. Jkjk! Forreals though, I did end up adding some salt. Once that was done, the issue was rectified and it was time for good eats!  Oh, and let's not forget the beef... mmmm. Capital T - Tendah! Unlike the broth, it was very well seasoned and absolutely melt in your mouth delicious.Btw, I did not encounter rude service. In fact, the waiter was quite well mannered. Maybe not friendly, per se, but at least he was polite and likable.Now if you can dig the noodles, this place is 4 stars easily, but if you're more about the broth, it's a 3. I'm going with the 4 because it's a new year and why be grumpy? Also, I can dig the noodles. I'm soooooo glad I live nearby. If ever I'm ever sick, I will gladly roll myself out of bed and land inside QQ for a quick and tasty remedy.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,1/17/2013,622,441,8,11,11>I've been fascinated by buildings & architecture since I was a kid.  I really appreciate architecture...but I don't plan on building anything (at least not any time soon).  My interest was renewed when I got to tour the architect's (Mr. Swatt) home in Lafayette by Swatt Meirs a few months ago.  I also currently live in a storybook style home.So, I had been in this bookstore a while back & had been meaning to come back & browse.  I finally made it in today.  I could've sworn that their store was larger before?  Anyway, they carry 2 Swatt Meirs books that I saw, which I may have to return to buy.  I wish I hadn't run out of time on my meter, or I would've returned after dessert to browse some more.  I saw some Frank Lloyd Wright books, Gaudi book, & the Storybook Style book that I ordered from amazon recently.  And that was just at the front of the store...if I remember correctly, they have books for building/contruction, interior design, design, landscaping, etc. too.  I'll be back to drool over more books...hopefully sooner than later.  Did I mention that I like books?Located on the east side of 4th St. between Virginia & Hearst (closer to Hearst) by the Apple store.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,1/16/2013,291,487,4,7,6>Finally, a good burrito in Concord!  With the hundreds of Mexican restaurants & taquerias around town you'd think it would be easy to find a good burrito.  Not so.  Not until we found Mercado del Sol!Once again, my Yelp app came in handy.  Craving Mexican food the day after Thanksgiving we decided to seek out a new spot.  You could pretty much drive blindfolded down Monument & run into a Mexican restaurant, but we didn't have to.  Mercado del Sol came up as one of the highest rated Mexican food spots in Concord.Inside we immediately noticed the roasted chicken & BBQd ribs.  Wow, those look great!  You can order a bunch of chicken or ribs with sides & tortillas to go.  Good to know for next time, but that day we wanted burritos & tacos.  The menu is a bit confusing & doesn't  list the types of meats they offer.  I took a shot in the dark & ordered a chicken super burrito for me & carnitas for the hubby.  The chicken was so good!  Huge chunks chopped up right from the yummy roasted chickens we saw when we first came in.  The burrito ended up being kind of a no frills deal, with only beans, rice, meat, cheese & possibly a little bit of sour cream.  But it totally hit the spot & was great with their salsas (the spicy is REALLY spicy too!).I'll be back to try their other menu options.  My new fave Mexican spot in Concord!
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,1/14/2013,187,234,3,11,7>TIP #1: Dine here if you're craving a huge bowl of noodles and beautiful presentation--an unexpected but welcome touch.TIP #2: Small, cozy place. Minimum $10 for credit card. Hidden deep within the Fremont Hub: head toward the center of the complex from the entrance by the L&L BBQ, Ross, or the back exit of Target.I know what you're thinking: oh, it's just another pho restaurant--everything's dirty, the waiters don't care about what you order, the soup tastes like MSG, and the noodle-to-meat ratio is going to be all off. Throw those low expectations out the window! Or keep them, and be wowed by La Sen!Minutes after sitting down, we received ice water with a cucumber slice floating on the surface--a refreshing touch. After we ordered, we were presented with a tray with basil in a vase (!), and bean sprouts and chilis artfully arranged. I was delightfully surprised because those crucial parts of the soup are usually haphazardly thrown together on a plate with no thought to presentation. Small detail, but it shows that La Sen cares about the dining experience.My boyfriend ordered the standard combination pho with different cuts of beef, beef meatballs, tripe, and tendon. I ordered a specialty spicy soup: rice noodle, beef shank, steamed pork, pork blood (optional), red cabbage, chili, and lemongrass. My big steaming bowl had all of that, and a satisfying spicy kick. The rice noodle in my soup was different from pho noodles--they were rounder, thicker, and had more bite. There was a ton of meat in my soup. All in all, it was delicious and I wouldn't hesitate to order it again! My boyfriend's pho looked good as well. This is one restaurant that I hope stays open for a long time, because I can't wait to come back.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,1/13/2013,654,850,8,13,13>I kept seeing good things on Yelp about Bowl'd Korean Rice Bar so I had to check it out.I'm not Korean. I've never been to Korea. I didn't grow up around very many Koreans. Really, all I know about Korea, other than big name companies from there such as Samsung & Hyundai, is what I got out of various high school & college courses regarding its mid-20th Century to current geopolitical history.None of those courses covered Korean cuisine. Well, OK, I've had Kimchi before. But beyond that, the entire breadth of my Korean culinary knowledge is fairly recent & can be summed up in 2 word: Dolsot Bibimbop. I freakin' love that stuff! So, when the girlfriend & I gave Bowl'd a try, I stuck with what I knew.We went on a Friday night & it was about a 15 minute for a table. Service was friendly but somewhat disorganized. I ordered a Spicy Pork & Mixed Grain Rice Dolsot Bibimbop, of course. The girlfriend ordered Seafood Pancakes & Bowl'd Kimchi Bacon Fried Rice. We added a large Cass beer & Hot Sake for good measure.Our order took a while. When it arrived, it all turned out to be entirely more food than we expected. Even before digging in, it was obvious we would be boxing some up & taking it home. My Dolsot Bibimbop did, however, turn out as expected: a nuclear reactor hot bowl of veggie/ meat mashup with sizzling, crunchy rice & an egg on top. After the judicious application of spicy chili paste, it was just the way I like it.I also had a few of the Seafood Pancakes & some of the Bowl'd Kimchi Bacon Fried Rice. The Seafood Pancakes had nice big chunks of fresh shrimp, calamari & mussels but I thought the pancake itself was just OK. As for the Bowl'd Kimchi Bacon Fried Rice, I think I found a new favorite dish. I love spicy, I love Kimchi, I love hot sauce & this dish was all that + bacon. This could be my favorite fried rice of all time.After eating our fill & polishing off the beer & sake, we were done in more ways than 1. Despite mightily devouring what we could, we still carried 2 boxes of leftovers out of there. I'm no Korean food authority, but, to me, Bowl'd Korean Rice Bar is serving up big portions of delicious, spicy comfort food. & while I have much more to learn about Korean cuisine, for now I know I like Bowl'd.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,1/12/2013,325,666,5,5,7>I really enjoyed this dinky bar filled with surely patrons. Its tiny, dark, and has crap from all over the world adorning it's walls. Most of the customers were older, mustache clad men with stories of war or failed relationships.My group came for the A's game but stayed a bit longer because of the fun conversation, and complimentary popcorn. Even though I thought the buttery popcorn would stave off my intoxication; four beers, two shots, and a "Fish Punch" later I was feelin' great. Has a "local only" feel but I didn't feel uncomfortable at all.This place has good drink specials and a cozy yet grimy ambiance. You'll enjoy it if you love dive bars as much as I do.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,1/11/2013,334,415,3,13,10>This is hands down my favorite late night happy hour spot in Berkeley. While it's really a family-run Italian restaurant, the bar scene can be lively during the 10pm-close happy hour, and you always feel like you're welcomed into someone's home. Unlike other Berkeley places that ungraciously kick you out half an hour before close (ahem, Nick's), the staff here are genuinely nice, and guests are never hurried out the door regardless of the time. Now that's classy. What's this about happy hour, you might ask? An array of apps priced at $5, including: fried calamari (always perfectly done), cheesy garlic bread, antipasto, bruschetta, fried zucchini, and $5 wines/$4 beers. The full menu is available during HH as well, and there's usually a good $5 soup, and a nice selection of sides including garlic fries for $4. I admit I've never ordered the full entrees here, since I come exclusively for the late night happy hour when I don't need a whole ton of food. Having said that, the apps are always satisfying. This is one of the most comfortable spots I've found to either enjoy a drink and conversation with a close friend, or wrap up a lively evening with a group of my favorite buddies.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,1/9/2013,223,178,11,18,17>Look no further, Yelpers, because I have finally found an a restaurant that will take your taste buds for a ride! I've been on a search for a great Thai restaurant in Fremont for years now and just as I was about to give up hope forever, I was fortunately suggested CoCurry.. Thank goodness! The foods here are DELICIOUS.. So delicious that I found myself craving for their Pineapple Curry after hours of having just eaten it. It was creamy and extremely flavorful and what made it even better was that they did not skimp out on the meat in it. The Tom Kha soup was so yummy, you'll find it hard to just stop at one bowl. The service was  attentive and our waitress kept refilling out waters after we found out the medium-spiciness was a bit too much for us to handle. It was still enjoyable and delicious regardless.CoCurry is definitely a much-needed restaurant and I'm glad it's so close to home! It is definitely must-try if you have Thai food cravings that you must satisfy! :)
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,1/8/2013,558,487,4,8,10>Before you have ice cream or cookies or any one of their other delectable sweet treats, have a mushroom empanada. It's one of the best things I've ever put into my mouth. The failing of most empanadas I've had around here is the pastry. Often it's too dense/heavy/thick/doughy and is a detriment to the filling. Sketch's empanada pastry is light and flaky and doesn't weigh you down. The short rib/pineapple is really good too. I'm generally a mushroom hater, but I'd eat a dozen of Sketch's mushroom empanadas without flinching or gagging.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,1/7/2013,1549,579,8,17,15>My best advice for this place is to find a friend that is familiar, passionate and knowledgeable about the cuisine. Have them order for the two of you (particularly in Farsi) because it always seems to taste so much better and authentic when I manage to accomplish this. If the above is not an option here's some recommendations if you're planning to dine at Alborz:For starters-- Mast - O - Musir   this a homemade yogurt with crushed dried elephant garlic.~this comes with lavash bread and raw onions. It's wonderful, but don't eat too much or you may get full, before the main event.   Next-- If you've got a big appetite and are in the mood to share more appetizers, get the Gheymeh Bodemjan with Tah Dig The Gheymeh Bodemjan is a thin light stew with lean beef, split beans, dry lime, cooked in tomato sauce and topped with fried eggplant. You can order this sans the beef or simply brush it off the top...(if you happen to be splitting it with a full on carnivore.) If you've ever made rice and happen to overcook it a tad; that slightly browned crispy rice at the bottom of the pot is Tah Dig and it taste wonderful with any of the stews on the menu, but the G.B. is particularly one of my favorites.Main Courses-- (If you are not full after the first two)For the vegetarian-- Ghorme Sabzi (order without the beef!) This is stew with lean beef kidney beans, cooked with finely chopped chives, parsley, and scallions. This is one of my favorite dishes, besides the appetizer I mentioned... and the Vegetarian Fesenjoon. This dish typically comes with Saffron rice.For the carnivore-- Lamb Shank with Baghali Polo (basmati rice with dill weed and lima beans). I can't say that I've ever tried it, but I can tell you that my friend typically orders this...and it is apparently so good, that he manages to forget I'm vegetarian/pescadarian several times throughout his feeding frenzy offering me to take a bite. By the time we leave, typically I cannot see one single shred of that lamb unexplored. If you drop in somewhat recent of this review, the Ravenswood Zinfandel is one of my favorites reds on the menu! As others have mentioned.. this is somewhat of a fancy restaurant, but we have gone dressed casual on many occasions without ever feeling under dressed. I love the food here-- I've been going here ever since I moved to the Bay Area and it seems to be one of the top picks from each and every one of my Iranian friends.Enjoy!
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,1/6/2013,423,725,13,10,10>No better place to get a quick workout for your quads, glutes, calves, etc.  Butts are not born, they're made here!  Ok, some are born with the gift of booty, but if you are not one of the favored few, Claremont Canyon is a great place for a quick workout and some booty-building hills.It's a perfect place to take your pup too and give 'em a good workout too, and those 4 little paws will have surer footing than your 2 left feet have on the steeper sections.  Watch out for owls and raptors if you have a small dog - there have been stories about owls swooping down on small dogs in the lower wooded section, but I think that owl has moved on from his place in the Berkeley Hills to a more affordable home somewhere else.  :)
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,1/5/2013,143,355,7,8,7>I ABSOLUTELY LOVE ASIAN HOTPOT! This is one of the best spots to get that authentic herbal and spicy soup that we make at home- at a restaurant. Not to mention what a steal it is now since its ALL YOU CAN EAT (20.99) MON- THURS now! It's usually only tues but I think cause of the colder weather that they're extending it. Best time to go is now! The menu is shorter but nevertheless you get more than your money's worth! The sheets tell you how to eat hotpot, what it is and what's to order. It has a great variety of veggies, meats, sides and drinks! I can't describe how delicious it is to you. Just that the smell will stay on your clothes for days, but it's the good kind. Makes me hungry and drool now that I'm writing this again. You'd be surprise at how much you can eat.Lamb marinated in red wine.Napa cabbage.Tripe.Fish cake fresh tofu.Shitaki mushrooms. Beef and pork.Some of what I can remember off the top of my head on the all you can eat menu that are the best value. A pitcher of beer is only (20)! The coconut drink is sweet and in an actual coconut! The regular menu has a lot more but the price is pricey, but still worth every bite! Your entire party has to arrive before they seat all you can eat. There's a clean bathroom and never ending trail of food on your table.Perfect for families or friends getting together, or even just yourself! Nothing like hotpot on one of these freezing Bay Area nights. Order as much as you can eat! There's no limit just because cause if you have too much left over they charge extra. Butttt here's a tip, if you go towards closing and you end up eating still after 945 which is when the kitchen closes, they don't charge you extra cause you already paid (they make you pay early)! Ingenious. But don't waste food cause its delicious.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,1/4/2013,151,178,18,20,22>Is it marketing genius or just coincidence, that a coffee shop specializing in delicious chocolate is a stone's throw from a cluster of cannabis outlets?Even without a case of the munchies, it's hard to not succumb to the chocolatey wonders of Bittersweet Cafe. Curiosity piqued by a flyer left in the office kitchen, I led a couple of co-workers there after lunch two blocks away. More local coffee/cafe than the said candy store flyer suggested, the chocolate goodies are still front and center at the window display.  My "I'm full so I'm just window-shopping" mode took a turn upon spying the marshmallow covered in dark chocolate. A perfect little monolith of near-ebon richness, I justified enough tummy space to indulge -- its fluffy interior and deep chocolate coating were a perfect after-lunch sweet.It's a double-sweet experience for the gluten challenged that the cafe's offerings include items like the marshmallow and a flourless chocolate cake. Beyond the Wonka-esque wonders, Bittersweet has "real" food such as salads and sandwiches, which I haven't tried but have a lot of eye appeal and crafted as lovingly as their desserts. That said, even for someone generally more into savory, I will be wooed back by the amazing sweets.  My fellow chocoholics, see you at Bittersweet.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,1/3/2013,55,110,4,9,8>Thank you for being a haven among Oakland.The gentle sound of the fountain, wonderful ambiance of old world charm, history of the pristine buildings, cobble stone, wisteria,  mature landscape and lamp post lined streets. I cannot say enough about this place- host of non profits by day and magical venue at night. This spot has been wonderfully preserved and kept. The staff takes great pride in the surroundings and it shows. If you ever want a unique wedding/ party venue at a good price, want your money to go to a great cause and want excellent direction and service contact Barbara Ackerman- she is great to work with!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,1/2/2013,183,70,12,16,15>This is a regular spot for me. Great date spot, a glass of vino, a little nibble before dancing - District never disappoints!! It was even our chosen location to grab a glass of Champs and cheers to Obama's election as we watched him speak.Most recently, I ventured into their bottomless mimosa and brunch all for $30!!! They booked a reservation for us as well! The soul-food inspired brunch was wonderful and our server kept our mimosas bubbling over. Plenty of food to choose from and they kept the buffet area supplied.Plenty of seating space at the bar, lounge and dining areas, it fills up quite quickly so it's always a game of trying to stake out a place to sit when you come with a group. I'm happy District is here and it's one of the reasons I still Hella LOVE Oakland!
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,1/1/2013,389,574,4,7,5>There are several new bbq spots in the Pleasant Hill area (and another one coming to Sun Valley mall)...but based on my two experiences with Slow Hand, I recommend you place this one at the top of your cue to try.  Slow Hand moved in to where Smokin Okie's used to be (and before that it was originally Kinders).  The first time I encountered Slow Hand, I got a brisket sandwich from their tent at the Concord Farmer's market.  Screamin.  I couldn't even wait to get that thing home it smelled so good.Recently I had lunch with a friend at the relatively new restaurant.  $10 for a generously sized brisket sandwich, a side of your choice and drink.  Again delicious.  For my side, I choose the slaw, which was a non traditional variety with a kick to it. Two sauces to choose from, one spicier, one more sweet/molasses.  Good enough that I think my friend is going to order some brisket for her upcoming party.  The owner told us that he's been running a mobile business for the last 3 years, but when Smokin' Okies left an empty restaurant with smokers already in the kitchen, it was too much to pass up.  He's cut back on mobile appearances like the Concord Farmer's market as he gets the restaurant up and running.  They weren't too busy yet, so get on over and give em a try.  Still maybe a few kinks to work out...like I brought half my sandwich home...but since the sauce was in containers on the table, I ended up with none of their sauce for my leftovers.  Maybe I just need to ask for a container next time.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,12/31/2012,1017,341,4,12,10>I finally got to try the famous New York style boiled bagel and was impressed - in fact, the sign out front advertising Old Brooklyn's boiled bagels is what drew me in.The chewy denseness of the jalapeno bagel I had, with a layer of cream cheese, was really delicious and makes me wish Old Brooklyn was closer to me. I'd love to have one of those every day! I had a side of their peach blossom tea, which was fragrant and smooth and the perfect compliment to my mid day snack.There's also a lot more to choose from than merely bagels, with sandwiches and different drinks on the menu as well. Service was quick and friendly here. I'd definitely make a return trip back!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,12/30/2012,424,1322,14,22,21>Still by far the best restaurant in Danville and if you haven't yet checked it out, please consider it. Ambiance is warm, welcoming and comfortable. I can wear jeans and a blouse or a dress and heels.I can get a delicious burger at lunch OR dinner (and at lunch only a sumptuous lamb burger). They have the BEST French onion soup hands down. I have never liked bread pudding(husband is a fan) and Esin's desserts have made me a believer. Plus, she doesn't put raisins in any bread pudding we have ever tried and the flavor changes seasonally if not weekly. The lemon meringue tart on a gingersnap crust is my go-to dessert and when it is Meyer lemon season, it is off the charts. Like orgasm in the mouth (your own mind you) good. There are also several other desserts and dessert alone would be a reason to come to this fine establishment but there is so much more.We have had numerous occasion dinners here, Mother's Day, Birthday's, Anniversary meals along with just plain old lunching with the ladies, Ladies Night Out and my favorite-husband/wife unplanned lunch dates.There are tons of reviews and from being a "frequent flyer" here there are some days/nights when food and service is better than others and like all good restaurants, they do their darnedest to make sure the customer is happy. I have never left unhappy and any misteps/haps don't last long and because of this, I will come back again and again. I know the menu almost as well as some of the servers. Everyone from the host staff to the bartenders to the bussers to the servers are great. There is a flow that can be watched and when the team is on, they are on. We had dinner here last night with my husband and my folks to celebrate my 41st birthday and though there were a few fumbles with timing we felt well taken care of, well fed and after 2 cocktails, I was well lit. Sorry noteworthy chef at a competing "upscale restaurant" but Esin has you on service, soup and dessert hands down. Try to remember to make reservations either by calling or via opentable.com. All major credit cards accepted, coffee is Illy (not my favorite but it will do in a pinch) and if you want more information, PM me or just go!
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,12/29/2012,563,337,7,16,11>What a cool little Asian fusion/burger joint newly opened by the owners of Summer Summer and conveniently located on the corner of Hollis and Powell...  these guys are bringing culinary options and variety to the Emeryville area which is very much needed. Items you absolutely must try: Delectable catfish sandwich (yes... Catfish!)Delightful bahn mi (vietnamese sandwich)And of course... the savory Burgers!Oh, and don't forget the shoestring fries!Great place to rally before heading across the street to one of E'ville's new watering holes (Honor Bar).
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2012,12/28/2012,193,27,5,7,6>It's go-kart racing for bigger kids. Yes, I'm still a kid...at heart. :)I came with a group of friends. There were 6 of us, so they were kind enough to let us race each other. Man, what a thrilling experience! Before you start anything, you have to put down your info including your racer name. Your name will be displayed on the huge screen they have on the track for everyone to see including your time. Mine was Reggie Swift..hah. They also make you take a safety class to tell you about the different flags that will show up during the race. Afterwards, they'll give you your own helmet and brace padding to wear. You may also wear and bring your own motorbike helmet if you wish.They sometimes have promotions going on with Groupon or Gmail deals (such as the $20 Time Attach run for only $13!). They even have buy one get one free lane days too! I'd say it's cool to wait for a coupon and save a few bucks especially if you have a whole group coming. But always check the website bc from what i remember, if it's your first time there, you might get a discount!Although Reggie Swift came in last place, she still had a fun time! :P
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,12/27/2012,331,587,19,17,13>Pho Anh Dao is pho sho the best pho I've had. Many thanks to LL (bit.ly/OAsRJ4)  for taking me here and acquainting me with the tastiest broth this side of the Pacific. The three star and below reviews bewilder me. Totally pho pas. This place is absolutely pho-bulous, in terms of taste and service.Having been to a handful of Oakland/SF Vietnamese restaurants lately, I can say without the general haze of time passed that this broth is the tastiest around. Never mind that it says 'beet noodle soup' on the menu; this is surely a very beefy broth. I had the pho ga (chicken soup) at the onset of an intractable cold recently, and even through my sick shield I could savor the pho-nomenal flavors that their pho has, with a kick of their homemade hot sauce. They have legit coconut juice with fresh coconut meat, and the hot/cold pairing of the two is enjoyable sensory experience. And it tastes really good. If I've now sickened you with the pho puns, get to curing yourself at Pho Anh Dao. I think you'll find that it's un-pho-gettable.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,12/26/2012,378,165,23,33,28>A warm welcome to Grand Lake Kitchen. I believe I have found my favorite sandwich shop.My Ham on Rye sandwich was made with fresh cut real ham. Not pressed ham.  (See photo) It's the first time I ever ate a whole sandwich. Yes it hurt, but it was worth it.There are many sandwich options, and many bread choice. The whole vibe of the place is casual and relaxed.  Counter seating is the place to watch the awesome team work that goes on here. (See photo)the outdoor seating is a comfortable spot for dog owners, or anyone who just wants to soak up some rays. The staff is totally engaged with its customers in just the right way. Deli case is fill with salads for take out. And Everything looks so fresh. A soup of the day is offered. Today was cream of mushroom. I'm so giddy about Grand Lake kitchen I can hardly contain myself. So I'll just say, when your in the mood for a good sandwich , give them a try. I highly recommend this newcomer. Dog friendlyClosed TuesdaysBeer and wine onlyBeautiful view of Lake Merritt Parking can be a challenge
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,12/25/2012,97,200,10,6,7>Dear Cato,Now that we've gotten a little more intimate I feel comfortable telling you how I really feel about you. I can honestly say..... I love you.And....you don't have to say it back......but I can just tell by the way you serve up an amazing menu of beer each time that you may feel the same way too.Actions speak louder than words....and I just can tell that we are going to be so happy together. Me....in your booth each week or two....my name....in your table.Now I know you aren't perfect, and I"m not either!!! I mean, don't get me wrong I love your beer---but I may step out for a burger somewhere else once in awhile.Please don't be jealous! It's just a burger, it means nothing! I hope you understand that although there may be other bars that  I sometimes go to......I am always thinking of you as my number one because you have....what I like. Peace and chill on a weekday night.....and really amazing brew.Yours,JR
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,12/24/2012,190,333,6,6,4>Face it:  most everyone envisions themselves as a rock or pop star in their car.  But for some, singing a karaoke song in a public place could cause fainting, illness, and death from embarrassment.  For other people, sharing the microphone with strangers is considered a fate worse than death.  But the best of both worlds can attained in a studio with private rooms for rental.  For those of you who do not want to venture into Oakland or San Francisco, this is the place for you.The rooms are very cozy, fitting as few as 5 people and as many as 20 in their rooms.  Lined with couches and coffee tables, the rooms provide a comfortable environment for your singing pleasure.  There are also multiple microphones in each room, so your group can sign all the romantic duets you want!I booked the VIP room last Friday night for my co-workers.  20 of us packed the room, but the room never felt overly crowded.  We all had a great time, singing everything from Taylor Swift and Carrie Underwood to Green Day and Nirvana, and everything else in between.  I'm sure we will be back for more.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,12/23/2012,190,446,5,7,4>This place was alive.  Fun music, lively bunch.  Breakfast is more than food here.  It's an experience.  The man in charge  was finishing the dishes before they went out.  It seems he is the guardian of high standards at his establishment.  The Pain Perdue and Bubble and Squeak were TV stars for a reason.  Yes, it's a  DDD stop and for good reason.  Pain Perdue is French for "Holy monkey this is good!"  Rough translation.....  It's funny that it seems to be the French version of French toast.  Regardless, it was amazing.  That berry wine compote was the perfect compliment.   Bubble and Squeak was spicy good! Very good.  This way of combining greens, potatoes and eggs will rock your breakfast world.  Please try it.  Sugar nuggets were cool and the coffee was strong.Church pews along the walls.  Tables and chairs in the middle.  Dining inside or out.  It's Oakland, so park where you can!Ok, it's about time to go back...who's in?
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,12/22/2012,327,431,12,14,12>We pulled up to this tiny shack of a restaurant that looks like it would be right at home in Guadalajara or any other small Mexican town. Date night almost ended as soon as it began when my girlfriend thought I done kidnapped her and smuggled her across the border. Thankfully she was reassured that we were still in Berkeley by being able to see "our" BART station just across the street. Still, this isn't the place you take a lady to impress her with the atmosphere... The food will do that all by itself.You order at the counter, cash only and don't expect to bring a large group here as it's tiny inside. There is a decent amount of seating outside if the weather is cooperative. Their all Vegan menu isn't huge but prices are plenty reasonable for the quality of the food being delivered from the kitchen. No chips are served and extra cups of their spicy avocado salsa are .$0.25. Normally I dock a star from a Taqueria for no salsa bar but this ain't your average Mission burrito joint.We went with the meal that comes with rice, beans, and your choice of entree. Choose from tamales, tacos, or taquitos. We chose the tacos as the centerpiece. yelp.com/biz_photos/flac… They came out as two small tacos consisting of a meaty substance smothered in mole sauce, laying on top of thick housemade corn tortillas. I probably coulda ate ten of these lil' suckers! The beans are plenty flavorful but the rice is so so. Not enough spice to overcome that patented brown rice taste. The tamale was also super delicioso! yelp.com/biz_photos/flac… The masa outer layer was soft and went perfectly with the inner "pork" tasting filling. I know it's been awhile since I ate meat but this had the flavor of being fried in lard, in a good way. It was similar to what comes on the tacos but tasted a little different. The tamale was covered in their special Avocado Salsa. Now on to the best tasting thing on their menu... The Taquitos! yelp.com/biz_photos/flac… These deep fried cylinders of joy were even better than I was expecting them to be. The chick-non filling was easily one of the best tasting substitute chicken concoctions I've had anywhere. Aside from using real chicken, what's their secret? Then again, deep frying anything will add some instant flavor. I could easily Polish off a plate of these in no time. So in the end, date night turned out to go better than planned thanks to Flacos excellent, energy boosting food... Feed la Revolución!I couldn't have gotten an ROTD without a little help from my love... yelp.com/biz/flacos-berk…
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,12/21/2012,119,95,8,8,9>Full disclosure, I've been sitting at Sweet Bar for 3 hours--eating, drinking coffee, typing, talking, enjoying their wifi with 13Mbps downstream (5Mbps upstream). I'm no leech though, so far I've had their pumpkin sweet potato pie, chocolate covered almond fauxnut (a baked cakey doughnut), ginger cookie (vegan), and a salad. This is my 4th time here and only 1st time since their official grand opening. I was originally intrigued by the owner's association with Michael Jackson as his personal chef during the Thriller era; I bought one of everything during a pre-opening event and was very pleased with what I tasted. Not too sweet, quality ingredients, and good craftsmanship. I've also had their pork sandwich which resembled a bahn mi (without the pickled ingredients). I planned to take a bite and save the rest for home after Art Murmur (first Friday). I gobbled up 3/4 of the flavorful pork and arugula on a warm bun on the way to the car. When I arrived home, I couldn't find the rest of the sandwich in the bag. It had fallen onto my driveway when I was looking for my keys. I looked around (no one was watching), then scuttled the soiled sandwich to my kitchen where I carefully trimmed off the part that touched the ground and enjoyed the final savory bite. Note, I'm usually a germaphobe, but this was a good sandwich.It's 4:35 pm right now on a Sunday, they're scheduled to close at 5, but the "Closed" sign just went up. Don't come too close to closing or you'll miss out. The kitchen closes earlier while the baked goods are still for sale. The door is a bit stiff, about 1 in 10 people look inside like a confused puppy when they don't apply enough force to open the door. Don't be a sad puppy, put your hip into it. The YMCA is right across the street if you need to build some muscle too.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,12/20/2012,382,382,9,12,17>Apologies to the Propellerheads for this rendition of "History Repeating"The bar has some clout, the beers are evolving, whatever may come, I hope the tap keeps revolving They say the perfect drink is here, that puppies on the patio are near, but to me it seems quite clear that it's all just a little bit of history repeatingJust a little bit of history repeating.............Finally!  I had a relaxing beer at Heinold's historic saloon after making my way carefully down the slanted floor to the also slanted bar (my klutziness is almost as famous as this place...well to some anyway).  It was everything I thought it would be.  Brought our drinks outside to soak up a little sun while watching patrons try to control their puppies as they pulled a rendition of 1001 Dalmations (they were trying to talk to eachother).  All kidding aside, such a great place to sit with good company (friends or pooch, your choice), enjoy some nice weather, and soak in a little local history.  I'll definetely be back!
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,12/19/2012,107,61,10,15,10>So my friend Tim is in town, and he always insists that I "take him somewhere he can't eat in LA", which is a task in its own. I always have to find places that are a bit different; if I can't find a concept vastly different than normal, I can at least hit him with a variation that has a high enough level of quality to get. With that in mind, we head not too far from the house to stop by À Côté, a name that I clearly had to copy-paste because I don't remember the Alt+ codes for those characters (maybe they'd be kind enough to put it on the "About Us" section of the site?Anyway, onto the experience. À Côté (thank you, Ctrl+V) offers a low-lit, mellow dining experience that is somewhat cliche, without being so romantic that I felt awkward being there at 10pm with a buddy. We chose to start off with the Sardine Crustini and Fried Squash Blossoms, picking up the Bacon-Wrapped Salmon and Calabrese for bigger plates. The Sardine Crustini was great, with the red pepper on top doing a decent job of mitigating the saltiness of cured sardines, but the real winner was the Fried Squash Blossoms. I had told the server that we fried the squash blossoms we grew back in 1st Grade, so I was hoping for a nostalgic experience, but we definitely didn't cook them like this! The mix of feta and basil turned the blossom into a light, creamy kind of taste that definitely came out of left field, though not uninvited by any means.The Bacon Wrapped Salmon was incredible; with all the salmon steaks we're thankfully starting to see less and less of, it's easy to forget the beauty of medium rare salmon. The Calabrese was also incredible, with the spotlight well-aimed at the sauce of roasted San Marzano tomatoes and spices. We worked through the dishes at a pretty steady pace, with mine being punctuated by sips of Obsello Absenta. Not too long after the meal, we were served our cheese selection, a Quadro di Bufala with a platter of fruits and nuts. Let me tell you that at least a half-star can be attributed solely to their walnuts, lightly toasted and candied to the point where I couldn't really stop eating them. The cheese was great, smooth with an unexpected punch of flavor right near the end of the bite. All in all, this was an amazing late dinner, and it'd be hard to imagine not going there again.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,12/18/2012,170,239,1,8,7>I really, truly like this place.The vibe is soooo sexy, particularly in the bar area.  Wood, low-lighting, colors... I love the ambiance.  I just want to sit in the bar room and people watch... The crowd is diverse - families, couples, large groups, people celebrating... truly, they all fit in here.  It is a great place for a date and a great place for family night out.The agua frescas are the best I've had.  And creative.  And ever-changing.  The cocktails are STRONG.  I have asked for it to be "not a super strong cocktail" because, well, I'm a lightweight.  Alas, they are very creative and a try a different one every time I go.   The food - the hits are huge hits and the misses are never awful.  I LOVE the ribs (the rub is delicious), the chorizo (house made!) queso fundido, the chips and salsa...  I don't love (but am fine with) the chile rellenos and the steak.Come with a group so you can taste a bunch of dishes...  I love this place.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,12/17/2012,182,408,9,9,9>Homegirl is on a roll! Golden Era and Loving Hut are my faves. I tried Golden Lotus years ago and hated it. And being new to the area, I've been exploring my options.Spicy chicken was soooo flavorful! And the eggplant basil was cooked pefectly. I find that some places undercook eggplant and the only thing worse than undercooked eggplant is overcooked carrots.I was surprised by how inexpensive the food is, too. Being on Park gives you automatic approval to jack up your prices - AND being the ONLY veggie restaurant, come on! I'm happy. Please don't raise your prices. Thank you for making such good food.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,12/16/2012,2712,383,8,19,15>I remembered how fond I was playing with a bow and arrow as a kid. But way back then, my idea of bow and arrow was made of rigged bamboo skewer sticks, some twine and lots of imagination. I had a blast as I watched my friends take cover from the airborne skewers.Well at this place there's no need to make your own anything. You simply just need to show up on time with or without bow and arrow in hand.We'd taken our oldest daughter and her friend here to experience a little archery for fun. We rented their bows and arrows and waited for instruction. Some kids brought their own gear. As I observed, I could tell right away the newbies from the regulars. Regardless of experience, the staff was very helpful and friendly. They paid particular attention to first timers with their form and aim. They made sure everyone followed the safety rules and also for us spectators to stay outside and behind the yellow lines so we don't become part of the target.After an hour of Saturday session, our daughter and her friend had a blast and said they wanted to do this again in the future. They did fairly well and most of the time hit a part of their target. I gather we'll be back for more...Along with bow and arrow rental and sales, they also stocked archery equipment and accessories. I felt that the hourly session and rental rates were wallet friendly.If you're planning to visit this place, it's kind of hidden in an industrial business park type of area so slow down and you'll see signage off the main road as you get closer to the entrance.And if you've got the Katniss Everdeen fever, you're definitely in the right place here...
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,12/15/2012,277,382,5,9,9>How this perfect lunch destination remained hidden from me for so long will always be a mystery. They serve good food at amazingly affordable prices and have a beautiful rose garden backyard patio.I went for lunch, but can't wait to go back from dinner. Both the lamb and the beef sandwiches were good (and for only $6!) The black eyed pea and apple salad was refreshing. Their homemade lemonade was perfect for the occasion and of course i could not deny  their offer to add fresh raspberries to it. The only slight disappointment was the house salad, as it needed a tad more of the nuts, cheese, and non-greens good stuff. In addition to the chefs and cooks, they only had one person that was both taking orders at the counter and taking food to their destined tables. Be patient if they are a bit slow to take your order, no pun intended. There are a few tables in the rustic themed entrance, but I encourage you to explore the backyard rose garden and try to get a table there. They  have wine and beer available.If you live in Berkeley and have not yet discovered Slow, the time has come to check it out.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,12/14/2012,42,355,3,9,5>Don't be fooled by the run-of-the-mill old corner liquor store exterior. This place has TONS of treasures inside for the cocktail lover. A great selection of bitters along with a whole wall's worth of premium whiskeys/bourbons/scotches. They have what looks like a great selection of wines and beers, too. I went in the other day to find some hard to find rye bourbon that's not found in your typical bevmo and sure enough, they had it. I was helped by a friendly guy at the counter...might have been the owner. Seemed like he knew his stock and knew it well so the people here are probably the ones to ask if you've been hunting for something hard to find or if you just need help choosing something of a certain type.The store is not fancy at all but you'll be amazed by the offerings they provide. A great local spot to find all your liquor cabinet needs. Also, you can park your bicycle inside the shop!
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,12/13/2012,457,309,7,17,11>A couple weeks ago, I was about to get into my car and started pulling out my phone.  Being the klutz that I am, I fumbled a bit as it came out of my purse.  For a split second, I thought I was going to catch it, but with another fumble, it dropped to the ground.. along with my heart.  But as I went to pick it up, I was hoping, expecting even, that, because I had dropped my phone so many times before, it would be ok.Unfortunately, my phone did not survive the fall.  I am sure that many people could relate.  After wishing dejectedly for a few hours that I could take back that second of my life, I searched for mobile repair stores near me.  Thankfully, I found Mobile Kangaroo.Derek (spelling?) was super helpful throughout.  I could tell he wasn't trying to rip me off or anything -- he just wanted to get me from my broken phone to my fixed phone in the least costly and fastest way possible.  He charged me for the exact price of the part that he had to pay for it (finding a cheaper part when the "official" part was too expensive) and once it arrived, he quickly repaired it and now, here I am!  A happy customer :)Although I hope that you won't have phone issues, I highly recommend Mobile Kangaroo --  should misfortune befall you and your phone.  Thanks so much Mobile Kangaroo!  You have nooo idea how great it feels to have my phone back!! :DP.S. They have a Yelp deal for $15 off!
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,12/12/2012,122,179,6,7,6>Asha came with realistic recommendations, so I was excited to try it but didn't have expectations as high as their ceilings, which are very high, btw. Their high ceilings open up the space and lend a lofty, almost celestial air to the concrete/dark gray walls and floors, accented by billowing cylinders of lighted fabric. It's a great place to meet up with a friend over coffee/tea, or to hit the books - I selfishly don't want this place to blow up and get overcrowded and lose it's charming calm.The owner is also a big, big ball of friendly! Every time I've been, he's taken the time to chat with me and my friends. I love this small town feel, and it makes me wanna support this little tea house all the more against those big, bad boba giants!I did enjoy the tea - although in the future I'm going to get it a little less strong. I like my teas on the sweeter side, so I def. like the customization aspect. I do have to say that the boba consistency could use some work to become perfect (sweet with the right bouncy chewiness). PLUS their adorable little card system reminds me of the summer reading program from my childhood. Extra points for hitting my nostalgic spot!All in all, I dig the aesthetic, I dig the people, and I dig the product. So basically, I'll keep recommending Asha to everyone I know until people start getting sick of me.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,12/11/2012,503,1251,11,15,15>TALK NERDY TO ME !!So here it is:  I'm a pretty big gamer. Video games are my thing.  My grandpa was a designer of the first color game to ever be played on the Apple II (yes, back when floppy disk games were cool). I can remember playing Lode Runner and Pick'A'Dilly'Pear on my old, boxy Apple. Then some years later came a computer upgrade and games like DnD and Duke Nukem and Doom.  If you looked at me now, you probably wouldn't guess my husband and I are ranked globally on angry birds. Yes, #22 rank in the world :)  (is that bad?)We didn't have an Atari console when I was little but I remember playing pit fall at my best friend Julie's house in junior high.  I did have every Nintendo system though. My sister and I were naturally very good at video games and fairly competitive with one another. Straight "A" grades on our report cards meant mom couldn't complain if we wanted to play Fester's Quest after our homework, or solve the mysteries of the Uninvited.  I do remember hating N64. It was 007 that did it - I was a terrible player of FPS games. I'm only moderately better now when I attempt to play COD on PS3. I'm lucky my husband tolerates me on his virtual team. The Raiders only seem to get wins when I'm playing Madden, but I'm not big on sports games anymore, unless it's on Kinect and I'm actually exercising.So when my NES stopped working a year ago, I found Phoenix Games. The repair was simple, and relatively inexpensive. The employee that saved my system knew exactly what the problem was and had us wait in the shop while he worked. Heck yes!! What an amazing place to walk around. They have soooo many games. For all consoles. And we have all of them. They have new games for my Kinect and used games for my SNES and even controllers for my Atari (Christmas gift last year!!!) All of their prices are reasonable and they don't try to push sales on you, but will explain the benefits of products such as rechargable batteries. (Wii remotes especially benefit from these!!)In the back of their store they have a couple gaming chairs hooked up to screens, and some pinball machines. Sometimes we stop in here just to play pinball. We usually leave with a new game.The employees are super nice. They're your typical video game store looking guys. I mean that in the best way. Just super cool, friendly, knowledgable dudes. I'd highly recommend stopping in here if you're looking for something obscure (they have consoles I've never heard of) or if you know someone that would enjoy a gift certificate from this place. Support your local businesses this Christmas!!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,12/10/2012,306,817,6,11,8>Liquid heaven!  I had the soft tofu soup, which is probably the most popular item on the menu.  I ordered mine with seafood.  It was perfect!  The stew was served in a stone pot at what was probably the boiling point of tofu.  Maybe we were even close to the boiling point of stone!  The egg that we mixed in cooked instantly.  The roof of my mouth came close to cooking as well.I loved the tofu stew and am sad that I can never have it again here for the first time.  When I return, I'll probably order something different.  Portions are ample and the prices are lower than those of Bowl'd (as other yelpers have remarked).  Service was fine.The only negatives that I can think of: (1) the tea that came with lunch seemed to be really, really weak; (2) I ordered my stew "medium" (in terms of spiciness), and it didn't seem to be spicy at all.  Maybe the problem for #2 is that my previous lunch was a jalapeño omelet.There is parking on Potter Street.  Only a few spaces a reserved for Spoon, but the other reserved spaces are OK on weekends.  Berkeley Bowl West is a block away.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,12/9/2012,833,1145,5,15,9>HANDMADE NOODLES AND DUMPLINGS. This is the place for a cold night in Oakland Chinatown, which is almost every night in any season. There does exist a non-handmade noodle option, but I definitely recommend getting the handmade for an extra dollar. You can literally see them getting made in the window. They have both noodle soups and dry noodles. I would recommend the noodle soups. The spicy and sour noodle soup was delicious. It wasn't that spicy either and had a good tang. The chow meins are good and saucy too, so not too dry. The dumplings have a good thick exterior. It's a little chewy, but not rubbery. They provide a spicy sauce for it. Go for the Shan Dong Special dumplings, which has pork and veggie. Balance yourself with some veggie dishes. The sauteed green beans and garlic peashoots are good, as well as the black mushroom + water chestnut + snow peas + carrots, if you're looking for variety. Tea is complimentary. Service is friendly.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,12/8/2012,158,78,8,10,8>In Spring 2012, I accepted a quest to find the most amazing cupcakes. Love At First Bite ranks number one for consistently wonderful cupcakes. During my search, I discovered I'm not a big fan of buttercream and LAFB offers numerous alternative frostings: cream cheese, mocha, limoncello, and meringue. I have tasted all of the non-buttercream frosted cupcakes and I always found the cake to be moist and delicate, yet full of flavor, sizing to be ample, and flavor combinations divine. My favorites (hard to choose):Mud Pie - chocolate cake, mocha frosting rolled in cookie crumbs. Hummingbird - banana, pineapple, pecan cake, cream cheese frosting.Lemon Kiss - lemon cake, limoncello frosting (LAFB's website says the frosting is lemon buttercream, but in the store they said it was limoncello.)Coconut - choice of chocolate or coconut cake, meringue frosting rolled in toasted coconutTook a vegan friend here and she enjoyed the vegan chocolate cupcake. We sat outside in the lovely courtyard with our Peet's soy lattes from next door. As an irrelevant side note: the cookies don't suit me as I find them too sweet.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,12/7/2012,726,863,14,14,13>Folks, I'm an impatient person. I hate waiting a long time for food. Do you know how many times I've ended up at Lanesplitter because I refuse to wait at Pizzaiolo? Homeroom is busy. A lot. They deserve it. They're a good restaurant managed by good people. To be fair, their busyness has prevented me from having a coronary by now! I live dangerously close to this place and I'm at that age where I actually need to watch what goes in my body.However, I have a few strategies that lead to a happy relationship with this place that makes us both winners (and me only marginally fatter). I say them with caution because I don't want too many of you taking these tips from me.1) If you ABSOLUTELY MUST HAVE the macaroni and cheese NOW and the wait for a table is, like, three weeks, simply get it to-go. I know that's kinda obvious and not as satisfying, but it's a good compromise. You'll get your mac much faster if you order takeaway and, if you're me, it'll still be nice and hot by the time you get home. Also, let's be honest, you'd have to take it home anyway. Their servings are much too large for one healthy person. That said, I'd reheat in the oven...especially if you use their pie tin to-go containers. (Recycle them properly, will you?)2) Go on Sunday mornings. I know, who wants macaroni and cheese on a Sunday morning? (I do sometimes) But, believe it or not, their breakfast might be my favorite thing on the menu. It might also be the best deal. You get a large biscuit with egg, cheese, (bacon for $2) along with a hefty side of mixed green salad. The salad actually has the colorful, chlorophylly, healthy lettuce too....not that useless, bullshit iceberg lettuce. The vinaigrette is a balanced tangy and sweet dressing and they add just the right amount of it. I'm determined to figure out the dressing recipe because I actually like it better than the one I make (and my dressing is pretty damn good, folks).  And, after all that, if you're still feeling guilty for not getting macaroni and cheese, again, just get the damn mac to-go. It'll be tasty later. I promise.3) Suck it up and pay extra for the breadcrumbs. They use the good panko stuff. Yes, it's actually worth the 50 cents because panko is actually kinda expensive. I honestly haven't tried all their macs. Once I tried Vermont White, we were committed. 4) No matter what you do, save room for their soft and slightly salty Oreos. And that, my friends, is my strategy with Homeroom.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2012,12/6/2012,576,386,8,9,6>Gomtang = Heaven in a bowl.Milky white thick broth that's both rich and mildly flavored. Made from hours and hours and hours of boiling bones, this broth is delisssssscious! My favorite is the ox tail. They only give you a few pieces and it's pricey at about $15+ a bowl but it's sooooo good. I'd stay away from the brisket. The meat is very dry and skimpy. They give you a little knot of noodles though. Tidbits:- The gomtang comes in a huge stone bowl so it stays boiling hot. And it will remain BOILING HOT the entire time you're eating it. LOVE IT! Yes you add your own salt and green onion to flavor it to your liking.- Mandu: HUGE but flavorless. I think they're filled with egg? These are ok. Definitely a good filler if you're hunger cause they're the size of your fist.- Seafood pancake is MASSIVE. Thick, crispy on the edges and delicious.- Calamari appetizer dish is HUGE as well. Perfectly cooked, slightly chewy calamari cooked in a sweet/spicy gochuchang sauce. Me likes.- Soondubu are all very good here as well. My fav is the seafood. Except for the sandy clams. I no like you. Side note: Their kimchi is soooooo good. They only give you the cabbage, daikon and cucumber kimchi. What they lack in variety they make up in flavor.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,12/5/2012,193,936,5,7,4>When I am in the Delta this is one of my favorite produce stands. They are open seven days a week and that makes a stop for fresh fruit and vegetables easy.They have a great selection of heirloom tomatoes and other produce.  I appreciate that what they sell is grown on their farm and not trucked in.  I watched as a fellow picked the produce and brought it to the stand. S wanted figs and they were sold out.  They took our number and called us when they picked some two days later, and we were able to go and pick them up a few hours after they had come off the tree.  They also sell their produce at the framers markets in Orinda, Pleasanton, Walnut Creek, and Marin.For people who want a farm experience the website does say that there are times when you can pick your own produce.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,12/4/2012,436,378,5,7,7>I'm really going to miss this place when I graduate. I come here almost everyday now, and nowhere else in Berkeley has such great coffee. -Americano: great for a rainy day and if you need that kick in the morning for your 8-10 am class but don't feel like consuming too much sugar yet. They serve this piping hot so it's also a great handwarmer. -White chocolate mocha: I always get this right before an especially boring class because it makes me concentrate with the utmost intensity. It's also great if you need to study for a midterm/final you're pretty effed for. -Latte: perfect for when you're having a pretty bad morning, and need that extra sugar kick to keep you awake but you're not desperate enough to get a white mocha. -Double choco chip cookie: they use white choco chips in here! -Orange juice: freshly squeezed! Overall: best coffee/cafe around campus. Only complaint is that their wifi needs to be upgraded cause it never works for me, except in certain locations inside the caffe which I can then connect to Bancroft Hotel's internet.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,12/3/2012,42,97,4,17,11>You probably haven't heard of Schubros Brewery yet, but you will soon.  They had a friends and family event this weekend to celebrate the opening of their distribution center in San Ramon.They were pouring two new beers, the Nico American Wheat, and the 680 IPA.  Both were off the charts good.  I'm not usually a wheat beer guy but the Nico wheat is something special.  It is crisp, complex, has a great finish, and is a perfect compliment to a warm summer day.  Sounds a bit cliche, but it's the truth.  The IPA is right up my alley; hoppy, full bodied, full flavored, and rich, with a diverse flavor profile and a long finish.  I believe you can only find them in restaurants and bars in the San Ramon area right now, but I am looking forward to the day I can stock my fridge with Schubros beer.  Look them up, try them out; you'll be glad you did.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,12/2/2012,389,252,9,12,12>My initial thought when I first saw this place was, "wow, the Aria hotel in Vegas has expanded into Afghan cuisine in Oakland...Cool" given their pretty much identical name and logo to the chic sin city resort. My next thought was, "thank goodness something has replaced that awful Jesso's place that was here before...I think they lasted about a month...I reviewed them here: yelp.com/biz/jessos-gril… I don't think this is a rival to the Afghan restaurant that sit on the opposite corner of the exact same block (There appears to be a peace offering here: yelp.com/biz_photos/Hpx6… ) Kamdesh is also quite good and the price points of each restaurant are similar.There are many things I enjoyed about my experience at Aria. The service was attentive and friendly though the kitchen was a bit slow with the food. I ordered the chicken kabob plate with brown rice. It came with a side salad and choice of dressing. The chicken was tender and delicious. The harissa-seasoned rice was cooked perfectly. It came with a green sauce that tasted a little bit like a salsa verde with plenty of cilantro or parsley in the mix. The food was tasty and not outrageously-priced though this will likely be more of a Friday lunch or dinner place for me. I do plan on returning and trying some of the other menu items.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,12/1/2012,193,290,4,9,5>I've been eagerly awaiting the opening of this local crepe cafe and was happy to see the grand-opening balloons waving invitingly this hot, Sunday afternoon. The cafe has wood floors, tables and panels that make the place feel warm, casual, and comfortable. A little awning peeks above the counter where you order with two crepe griddles hot and ready. I wasn't paying attention as to whether the crepe batter was poured the moment I ordered or if there were underbaked crepes waiting to be heated up like at Crepes A Go Go. But I was overwhelmed by the comprehensive menu and decided that, for my first time, I'd just get a sugar crepe. I wanted lemon juice on it but they didn't have lemons so I waited until I got home to smother my skinny pancake with Meyer lemon juice - and it was definitely what the doctor ordered.You have an option between sweet or savory crepes, meaning that the crepe itself- not the topping - has a personality. The sweet crepe felt like it was a little too sweet but I did order it with sugar so I'd recommend getting the crepe plain if you want something tasty but not saccharine. The crepe is thin and pliable, and not too greasy. I liked the chewiness, and I think the thinness is important to mention since other places are using flour that really makes the crepe thick and fluffy which - although it can be tasty in its own way - is more American style than French.My crepe was $3. That means the add-ons are going to beef up the price, but it seems within the range of what people are charging elsewhere for crepes.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,11/30/2012,91,181,11,7,10>Following along with the trend of Bay Area restauranteurs opening up fantastic, delicious, CHEAP establishments in the up-and-coming (we like to say) town of Oakland, Portal fills in a blank that had been missing on the Southeast segment of Lake Merritt. Recently opened in August, this little Yelp ditty describes this place at about one month after it's opening...so don't take anything I say TOO too seriously!Surrounded by tennis courts, a small strip-mall, Lake Merritt Bakery, a shrimp shack, THE taco truck (Mi Rancho), a couple of bars, and the Lake itself, Portal is in the perfect location for locals, passers-by, and Lake-people/monsters-- it's surprising that an upscale-ish food/boozery hadn't popped up here before!The interior is small, dark and intimate.  A bar spans most of the room with tables lining the sides.  This leads out to an outdoor area--two of the most beautiful words in the English language: BEER GARDEN!The beer selection is not only delicious, but also on the higher %alcohol end of things :) tee hee hee.  Even though they're only opened for dinner until 11pm, the brews are strong enough to get you plenty drunk by then!Additionally, they have food, I guess that's important to a restaurant, too, huh?I went with a party of 6, and we ordered an array of things and split the following:    ~Some sort of vegetable crazy bread-thing:  It was like a veggie-stromboli that started dating a yoga instructor and subsequently lost weight, ate organic, and began listening to NPR.  In a good way.    ~Quinoa salad:  With feta, and lots of other sliced-up goodies (Sorry I can't be more descriptive, but it was dark and I was drunk, okay??).  The quinoa was tertiary--which I like.      ~2 or three orders of sliders: you have choice of 4 burgers with a choice of veg options.  They are NOT mini whatsoever. $11 for 2 of them, with arugula salad is a STEAL.  Beef with horseradish was juicy as all get-out.    ~A pasta thing:  Looked totally boring on the menu, but was NOT!  I mean, how is whole-garlic ever boring??    ~Garlic fries. Yummy, but a serious salt-bomb.  I think I hallucinated after eating them (from dehydration).  Seriously....I know this is America and all, but a little less salt!    ~Sweet potato fries: More salt! With lighter notes of salt in the background!  I'm not even the salt-nazi or anything, but fries here were like a New England elementary school sidewalk in February!     ~A pitcher of beer for the table that was more than %10 alcohol by volume, and another round of individual drafts.Somehow our bill was $20 a person, including a 20% tip!...So, 2 days later, it's brunch, and I'm biking my butt back down to Lake Merritt to come to Portal (AGAIN) for hangover/boozy brunch.  Obviously I liked the place!  They happened to be down a server, but it didn't really make too much of a difference.  I was PARANOID at first, because, well, it's brunch, and if Portal is down a server then WHO IN GOD'S GREEN EARTH WILL CONSTANTLY REFILL MY BOTTOMLESS MIMOSA!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!!? HULK SMMAAASH!!!!!!!!In retrospect, it was not a problem.  I was sufficiently tipped by 1pm, and really REALLY enjoying my chilaquiles (DELICIOUS guac and salsa made in-house...I wanted more guac!) and shared portion of the Challah french toast.  Just in time for Rosh Hashanna!  Challah at yo' boy!  The fruit was fresh, the bread was eggy...maybe a little bit heavy on the whipped cream, but, I'm really not gonna complain about extra whip!Brunch ran me up to a more expensive bill than my dinner-- around $30 with tip.  (Just make sure you get your fill of the $11 bottomless mimosas served in tiny cups when you go!  And get refills for your imaginary friends, too!).So, in conclusion, YES to this place.  It was much-needed in the area, and now I have an excuse to go down to that side of the Lake OTHER than the taco truck!The only downside is that the fries will make you turn into a pillar of salt, and there is only one bathroom, so just go use the Lake if it's crowded!Definitely hit up portal the next time you're tooling around east Lake Merritt.  Class it up on a budget before hitting up Oakland's hottest dives!
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,11/29/2012,506,510,9,12,13>After my co-worker finished his GMAT test he was ready to have a drink and watch the Giants and A's on some screens. I suggested the Monkey King Pub & Grub since I had walked by there a couple times and never stopped in. We arrived around 8:00pm and noticed it was crowded but not overly crowded. We sat at the bar and started off with two Arrogant Bastards on tap. Looking up at the bar I noticed the six cartons of Jameison's Irish whiskey. This bar is well stocked.The happy hour is all night where you can order $4.00 cocktails and reduced price appetizers. Such a deal. The Monkey King Pub & Grub offers Chinese, Korean and Vietnamese foods vs. the typical bar food fare.  We ordered off the main menu the mu shu pork and the basil ribs. The basil ribs were kinda slow coming out of the kitchen.  But both plates were very tasty, good portions and reasonably priced.Mia the bartender was very friendly and gave great service. She made us some sample water melon coolers. Quite a different change from the beer we were drinking. We had noticed that after a couple hours the Monkey King Pub & Grub had become substantially louder from the larger crowd.I like the fact that they have three flat screens over the bar to watch both of the Bay Area baseball teams. While the other bar (Hobnob) only has one.I will definitely be back....
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,11/28/2012,732,444,9,10,11>First of all, this theater is spelled "theatre" - because it has earned the title upgrade.Is that not sufficient...?Fine. This theatre is classy, opulent, and serves high-end cocktails during screenings of classics like Ghostbusters and The Breakfast Club.Still not sold...?FINE!This theatre is the epitome of everything you could ever want a movie theater to be. In addition to screening films both new and nearly antiquated, it has plush velvet seats, offers pre-show entertainment involving an organ, a showgirl, and a spinning game wheel, sells beverages and treats for patrons (HOORAY!! I won you over with a Manhattan and peanut M&Ms!!), and is a treasure to behold even without the Big Screen. I was truly awed when I walked through the doors. This is a place worth dressing up for. It brings back vestiges of times long gone when people wore beaded gowns and gloves up to the elbows for a night at the movies. It felt nearly blasphemous to watch The Breakfast Club and recite lines along with the rest of the audience in such a fancy place, and yet joyous to know we were putting this landmark to such great use. Perhaps this theatre calls for the stage presence of more regal talent, like Gladys Night (in 3 weeks!) or The Nutcracker, performed by the Oakland Ballet (late December). I love that this venue has continued to thrive after all these years. Its luxury and opulence are worth the price of admission, regardless of what you come to see.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,11/27/2012,340,339,14,10,8>Today is a wonderful day. I finally figured out what my perfect date would be like*, and I may have just found the man I will marry (and will truly loathe to divorce)**. These discoveries I made at 54 Mint.I was off on a Wednesday and took this as a perfect opportunity to finally pay them a visit (they are only open for lunch during the weekdays). Located right beside Trader Joe's, it was a bit difficult to see because of their small sign. They are a cozy space, but since it was a beautiful day, we chose to eat out in the patio.We started off with the piatto misto, a plate of cured meats, cheese, and olives. It was good, but I think for $12, it teeters on the edge of pricey (especially for Concord) for the skimpy amount of food provided. I am not disappointed, but I probably would try a different starter next time. (I have my eye on the calamari.)For our lunch entrees, we chose the cannelloni, the half pollo arrosto, and the porchetta. All three were quite generous portions. The cannelloni was made with ricotta and spinach. It was rich and delicious! However, it did get a bit too rich towards the end. Still satisfying, though. The pollo arrosto was just amazing! It came with roasted vegetables (red bell pepper, cauliflower, zucchini, celery, and carrots) that just complemented the dish perfectly. (Honestly, I think that the roasted vegetables can be served as a vegetarian dish on its own.) For $12, it was a great deal, but next time I think I will stick with the quarter chicken (although the leftover would make for tasty lunch tomorrow).But the undeniable star of our lunch was the porchetta: it was phenomenal! If you asked me what my most favorite Filipino dish was, I would tell you it is lechon***. This I only eat at home or at Filipino restaurants. I found its close relation at 54 Mint, and I love them for it. Let me point out and emphasize that it is not for health conscious people (although, I would like to say that it is served with roasted vegetables, so at least there's that?). It was, however, perfect! Tender, fatty, perfectly seasoned.... But the pleasure does not stop there. It has crispy pork skin that is just heaven to chew. Crispy. Pork. Skin.  Mmmmmmmm........ The service was satisfactory. Our server never allowed us to go without water and the proprietor checked in on us a few times. Solid 4.75 stars. I am leaving off the 5th star until I have had the dessert. After all, a girl must have her sweets! (And play hard-to-get a little, little bit!)*My perfect date would most definitely include an excellent porchetta. Forget flowers, forget chocolates, forget wine, and feed me porchetta. Okay, I take it back. I would like some good chocolates, too, and flowers will be okay. I am serious about the no wine thing, though.**The man I will marry is 54 Mint's chef -- I asked, he's not married! They thought I was kidding when I said I want to marry him. I most definitely was not.***en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Le…
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,11/26/2012,552,387,10,10,9>Somebody built a crab-shack and sandwich shop out of a few old trailers, and now they serve tasty seafood!I love:* The generous Shrimp or Crab Louie salad with Iceberg lettuce and a hard boiled egg (I extra hot-sauce, shrimp sauce, lemon juice, and thousand island).* Homemade Clam Chowder in a Sourdough Bread Bowl* Fried Calamari burger (also doused in hot-sauce, but that's just me)* Roast beef and cheddar on a dutch crunch roll* Whole crab* The silly Mocha Monkey smoothie with a whole banana, and a shot of espresso* Sitting outside at the picnic tables on a sunny day* Walking my friendly dogs along the secret bay trail in the back to the stone recliners (you can come too, but only if your dog is nice and you promise to pick up after them)
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,11/25/2012,1211,478,9,12,10>Cal, the owner of Champa is a freakin' genius.Who else would have a panfried roti with condensed milk and then top it off with ice cream?!It is warm like a funnel cake and gooey and there are many a sleepless nights where I'll toss and turn thinking about this.Please ask Cal what else is on his secret menu, you will be in a for a treat!Also order the "Anna Combo", which is a deep fried ice cream ball, ontop of a panfried roti, drizzled with chocolate sauce, and whipped cream.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2012,11/24/2012,628,530,8,9,9>Hot Mexican at 2:30am for whatever change I have in my pocket.  Yes, we are talking about burritos.While this is not the best burrito I have ever had, when you might have consumed quite a bit of alcohol, nothing beats it.  Nothing.Almost everything that could be said about Tacos Mi Rancho has been said already, but I will add that it is popular enough that the "No Parking" area that surrounds the truck really means "No Parking (Unless you are waiting for your food from Tacos Mi Rancho)"  I have witnessed cops driving up late at night, scattering tipsy people and cars to the wind.  Just to have the cop get out and order a burrito.  Good times.  That being said, I always feel safe around Tacos Mi Rancho no matter what time of night it is.  Maybe it's because cops frequent the late night goodness as well.  Maybe it's because everyone realizes that in order to keep this late night gem, we all have to pull together and behave ourselves. Whatever it is, if you happen to be on 1st and international after the rest of the world has gone to bed, for a few bucks, you can come here and have the warm comforting feel of a burrito beside you.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,11/23/2012,2016,1122,10,11,9>I have been waiting for this East Bay borderline Tri Valley location closer to my home for so long and I'm so excited he finally opened up in Danville. I'm going to be here every week and that is a promise. This is a great place for a sandwich and alot better than any sandwich chain out there.  I can honestly say this is the best sandwich I've ever had in my life. First of all the sandwich names are as out there as you can get and Ike is obviously a huge child of our pop culture past. The sandwich combinations are insanely creative and make it hard for me to choose my sandwich of the day. There is alot going on with the sandwiches so they can get messy so I just enjoy myself and make it a sandwich experience. Each and every sandwich is loaded to the tee with the freshest of ingredients and each sandwich halve so big I usually have the rest for a midnight snack. This location is booming around lunch time because of its location right next to the high school and Trader Joe's. I went around 3pm and I was the only one in there but it was sad to see a long line of kids waiting at Chipotle. It's sad that these kids are the future of our country if they can't make the right choices yet. Once they finally decide to branch out and try something new LOOK OUT! I'm never going to have to use my Oakland skip the line pass again because of this ideal location but for those busy times I would love to trade it for this location. They offer veggie and vegan sandwiches as well but with all those great options for those who eat meat I have yet to go to that menu. I've had most of the sandwiches here and only have 3 more to try then Ike's going to have to finally name that sandwich after me I've been dreaming about. This place is all about creativity and just being who you are, so have fun and enjoy your ike's.I would say Ike's gets the best original creative scrumptious sandwich I have ever had anywhere sandwich award and you must try it at least once before you die. It's just that frigging good!
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,11/22/2012,201,268,5,10,6>I've had the luxury and privilege of being able to dine here over half a dozen times this calendar year (nearly every month and some months, more than once). I keep telling myself that I'll write a review after the next time I dine here. Last Friday, I brought an out of town friend here and wow - it's finally time!! The Spanish themed August menu has prompted me to write my review.The fideua was SO yummy... I saw the size of the portion and thought no way am I going to be able to finish this, especially after duck liver flan and cod fritters. But I did finish it, bite-by-bite. There were fish, mussels and clams and the sauce that they were sauteed in was so good I wanted to lick my plate, or sop it up in bread. Let's just say my plate was clean when I finished.I let the somm pick a glass for my dish, and I was uber-happy with his selection. It was a Tinto Negromoll from the Canary Islands.  I had never heard of the grape beforehand, but will definitely remember it now. It was light in color similar to a light pinot and smelled slightly like a pinot, but tasted slightly like a syrah, and they're pouring it by the glass! Yum!I really don't think you can wrong here... I've never ordered anything with which I haven't been 100% (if not 110%) satisfied. The menu does change monthly and the below dishes stand out in my memory as exceptional.MOROCCAN CHICKEN TAGINE: I normally don't order chicken at restaurants. I'm always afraid it will be dry, yet the first dish I had here was this one. It's typically on the menu in January. I still remember the cous-cous and sweetness from the fruit, the crunch and flavor from the nuts and the overall savory-ness of the sauce, and of course the chicken was sooo moist and delicious. CHICKEN SCALLOPINI W/LEMON MASHED POTATOES - I am a mashed-potato monster. I love them, I order them nearly everywhere. Most are good and I'm satisfied. These were PHENOMENAL. Buttery and lemony! This dish was also served with an Endive Slaw. The slaw was so good! In addition to the endives there were pieces of marinated fennel which began my love affair with fennel. Again, normally I wouldn't order a chicken dish, but this is an exception. Of course, I could just live off the Lemon Mashed Potatoes and Endive Slaw for a month. SQUID-INK FETTICINE: This dish was so PRETTY! Yes, pretty. The yellow saffron aioli constrasted perfectly aganist the black squid-ink noodles and pieces of fresh calamari. It was definitely a feast for the eyes. One comment though - the menu said fetticini, but the noodles were thicker and fell under the catagory of 'hand-cut noodles'. But the dish is well-thought out with an outstanding presentation. BAY-SHRIMP FRITTERS: I really am a sucker for things that are crispy on the outside and soft and gooey inside. I wish I could keep a years' supply of these in my freezer :)Most of the reviewers adequately describe the decor. The veranda is the best, request a table out there, and even in the winter don't be afraid to wear a light top under your coat as it's plenty warm. The inside room to the right is the one with the odd art-work and out-of-fashion upholstered walls where the lighting seems too bright. The inside room to the left is better designed, but the lighting is a little too dim, at least in back section where I was seated once.I'll be back (seated on the veranda) as I can't wait for the fall-season food!
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,11/21/2012,151,211,6,9,6>Oakland is SERIOUSLY lacking on decent sports bars. I was tempted to give halftime 5 stars just for the fact it's a decent establishment and it exists. I came here to watch some As games during the playoffs and was pleasantly surprised with the crowd and the space. There are multiple TVs and lots of couches and seats along the bar. Unless you're there for a packed house it's pretty easy to find a seat. There's even a pool table in the back where you can grab a stick, shoot some pool and watch the game on the 3 tvs surrounding the pool table. The bartenders were super friendly--especially given they were putting up with large crowds. The first game there was only one person manning the bar--they hadn't called in enough staff. The food was a-ok for an establishment of this type. I wish, however, there were more moderately priced finger food-y options. Alcohol isn't cheap as some bars in Oakland but again, given there aren't a lot of sports bars in Oakland, it does the trick. Pitchers of beer were also very decently priced at 15-20 bucks. I'll see you for a game or two Halftime, but only if you're game too :)
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,11/20/2012,767,878,3,7,5>There's only two things you need to know about this place.Gingerbread Cupcakes (4th best dessert in the world dubbed by a show segment on Food Network). The Gingerbread wasn't too overpowering with the spice and the creme cheese frosting was a fine compliment.and Creme Fraiche Graham Cracker Ice Cream Sandwich (which held most of my interest as a palate pleaser). Cheesy, creamy and a bit of crumbly texture. If you like cheesecake then by all means give this dessert a shot.It sounds crazy but I'm willing to give this place a preliminary rating of four based on those two items. Once I try the rest of the menu then I'll give a fair final rating. Cheers.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,11/19/2012,272,451,10,15,11>I find it almost impossible to give this place a rating lower than 5 stars. Really, the only knock against this place is that it's a little small, and it gets cramped, especially on the busier nights. But even then, the only reason why this place gets so busy is because it's so good.Been here many times now. This is the only place where I can order the girliest drink ever, and not feel ashamed at all. My favorite by far is the Zombie. It has the most alcohol, and it tastes really good. Other favorites include the Tropical Itch, which comes with a free back scratcher, and the Banana Mamacow, which has a ridiculous name, but tastes just like a banana smoothie. It's pretty fun to dress up along with the Hawaiian theme and fit in with the scenery. Overall, I've never had a bad experience here, and this place will continue to be one of my favorites!
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,11/18/2012,449,368,20,26,22>A relaxing urban oasis to escape the hustle and bustle of the city, if only for a few hours. I had known about Zen Springs for awhile, but never felt compelled enough to actually pay a visit until I found a deal on Living Social for more than half off! However, I've been so busy recently that the due date had quickly crept up on me. Luckily, the management was kind enough to let me extend it a few more weeks without having to pay any additional fees.For the standard spa package, you have your choice of either Summer or Winter rooms, with the only difference being a steam area or sauna respectively. The more expensive VIP rooms are Spring and Autumn, which I have not had a chance to check out.Inside these standard rooms is the aforementioned sauna or steam area, hot tub, padded bed-like area to take a nap, massage each other, etc., plus a non-enclosed shower. The lighting can be changed to match your mood, as can the soft, relaxing music piped in over the intercom. Faux, battery operated candles are strewn about, and the hot tub has underwater illuminance to add to the ambiance.The Winter room that I was set up with was pretty much everything I envisioned it to be. Some sticklers may lament the lack of true onsen~esque decor complete with bamboo or even the stereotypical Asian figurines or kanji (especially with a name like Zen Springs), as opposed to the tiles and nondescript theming. This is just a minor gripe, however, and the omission of such detail doesn't really detract from the whole experience.The only downer to Zen Springs is that their towels are a tad filthy, so if you are somewhat of a germophobe, perhaps you can bring your own. Other than that, the rest of the facilities are practically spotless. The service at the front desk, while not exactly smiley and jovial, is accommodating and respectful, which is all you can ask for. To be perfectly honest, at the normal rates of $60 per hour, I'd be slightly hesitant to return to Zen Springs, but good deals are not difficult to find, and I'd highly recommend a visit if able to secure one.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2012,11/17/2012,783,516,7,6,7>I wish I could tell you all that I savored each of these delectable treats, but no, that's not what happened. Let's be real. I ate an entire box while watching the American Idol season finale. While my box was being filled by an employee, she handed me their elderflower truffle to enjoy. I love St. Germain so this was delicious. My two personal favorites are the Salty Caramels and the Spicy Rogue, which is flavored with Italian sparkling wine and cayenne pepper. I should be thankful for my enormous law school debt guilting me into not buying more of these truffles. Stuff ain't cheap, but good chocolate rarely is.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,11/16/2012,198,208,3,5,3>Cafe Rouge was the venue chosen for a little celebration thrown together at the last minute. We wanted oysters, wanted to stay in the East Bay and didn't want to rush out to make happy hour. Thanks to a tip from a lady known as Nique F. I steered directly over to 4th st for a little look and see at Cafe Rouge... and I did not live to regret it. We started out with some oysters on a half shell, of course, and the calamari with harissa. Call me a purist, but somehow flavored seafood just doesn't do it for me, so the calamari wasn't a "wow" move, but it was decent. Onto the next one... next there was the sea bass. Now, I love some sea bass... but I had a special infatuation with this little fillet. It was grilled perfectly, and accompanied by a cucumber gazpacho with a hint of ginger. In true food lover fashion, my fork did wander across the table now and then to sample other selections, and I was happy I settled in with my bass. I tried the grilled lamb, and it was a little tough. The accompanying greens had some cracker-type addition that was a little too much. The tiny little wine grapes that accompanied the lamb were delicious and I am tempted to incorporate these little guys into my cooking soon. Now, because there was a little imbibing before dinner (celebration!) I don't recall the full drink order, but the Rouge Martini was on-point. Before I lose your attention, I have to mention that dessert stole the show: peach crostata paired with a port? Yes sir... we're still talking about it. I'd say Cafe Rouge is a delightful little spot for a little upscale happy hour action, or a nice dinner for a deserving belly. I'll be back soon!
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2012,11/15/2012,188,373,5,12,11>This part of the Bay Area is park central.  Mostly East Bay Regional Parks, such as Redwood, Roberts, Sibley Volcanic, Chabot, Huckleberry.  Overlooked in this plethora of parks is Oakland's own entry, Joaquin Miller.The park has two personalities.  There's the wide-open spaces on Joaquin Miller Blvd, with the staircases, reflecting pools, picnic areas, and Woodminster Ampitheater.  Then there's the trails that go through the dense forest.  The trails are well maintained, but not signed as well as the regional parks, and I still haven't found a printed trail map on the premises.  Still, it's a cool place to unwind, similar to the Redwood Park across Skyline Blvd.A good place to take a visitor who thinks that Oakland is nothing but a big ghetto.P.S.  If you can say "Joaquin" correctly, then you are a true native Californian!
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,11/14/2012,85,197,8,4,8>Rhyme #83: Caffeine AmbrosiaPhilz Philz, why in your drinks do you put drugs?Because man, it's addicting, what you put in that mug.My favorite coffee is your mint mojitoDelicious, but don't give it to your bebito (spanish for baby)Because it's got a caffeine kick that ain't too shabbyIt's enough to make this addict real happyBut one warning I give it's an expensive addictionYour wallet may be, the one important restrictionThis place is really really good.  The coffee from connoisseurs and non-connoisseurs alike is that it's really really good.  My favorite coffee is mint mojito, and yes, I know, it's not "real" coffee, but more like mint coffee candy that tastes amazing.  This is one of my most highest complements, but when you drink this, it's like a party in your mouth.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2012,11/13/2012,92,210,1,11,5>Amazingggg. This was my first time going to an izakaya-type restaurant, and it was an awesome experience! The restaurant is very small and intimate-looking, which also means you should plan to come early as it gets full very fast. Their menu is very extensive, with an assortment of fresh, fried, grilled, and seafood goodies. I came on a dinner date, and we ordered the Lotus Chips, Corn Tempura, Chicken Karaage, Roast Duck, and Teriyaki Squid. In hindsight, we ordered a lot of fried food that ended up feeling very heavy towards the end of the meal (Would have been better with a larger group). But it was so good we finished it all anyways. The presentation here is amazing!The lotus chips were basically like potato chips, and they looked fun and were fun to eat! The squid was literally a whole squid cut into pieces, and the corn tempura were like little fried cakes of corn kernels. But the 2 stand-out dishes were definitely the Chicken Karaage and Roast Duck. The chicken, though fried, was unbelievably moist and flavorful on the inside. And the roast duck was cooked slightly rare and sliced, but you could still taste the crispy skin on each slice. And for dessert, we got the roasted tea blanc-manger. Which is basically like a custard that was roast tea flavored and topped with a yummy red bean paste! Also super cute presentation and so much fun to eat!Finally, their service was great! Always refilled our water, and took away our empty plates. And with the extensive menu, I can't wait to come back and try more! Note that there's also a $12 min per person.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,11/12/2012,126,1452,13,15,17>Seriously, my favorite Chinese food place has gotten even better.  They still have the best Honey Walnut Prawns in the Bay Area.  They still make delectable Crab Rangoon.  My new favorite go to item is the Salt & Pepper Chicken.  It's amazingly succulent and flavorful.  I am still loving the Double Mushroom Chicken every chance I get as well.What makes this place even more spectacular now is the full bar.......with........CUSTOM COCKTAIL MENU.  (throws confetti into the air)Yes, they have a bartender on staff and the drinks are flowing.  It's almost the same vibe as La Beaus but different.  My Lychee Martini is made perfect every time.  The owners are fantastic and really have that hometown small business owner appreciation for their customers.Martinez is lucky to have such a place.  We love it and are frequenting it more often than not.  Well, I'm thirsty and need some chow mien on a regular basis so lucky for them.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,11/11/2012,252,264,8,10,10>Went here yesterday and I'm soooo glad we did! This place is a little hidden gem! When I say it's hidden, I mean that literally.  We were driving around looking for this place in a frantic hurry because it was almost 7pm and that's when their happy hour ends!  Well as a heads up, it's located right across the street from the VW dealership.I was totally "awww-ing" when I walked in. The place is really cute.  It totally has a Cafe vibe which is probably why they called it that. Anyway, once we were handed the happy hour menu we were quite giddy because their happy hour drink menu is HUGE and the drinks are between $4 to $5 bucks! Two things that sucked - Martinis were on the small side and they had no food on their happy hour menu.  The Mango Martini was good and wooooo it'll give you a buzz! If you're a wino like me, please order their Montevina Merlot - WOW it was so good and smooth!For food, we got the Spicy Mussels as an appetizer.  I wasn't crazy about them because they tasted a little too fishy. Anyway the sauce that they bring them out in was a different story.  SO FREAKING good!! I literally ate it with a spoon like soup - I'm not joking.  Ordered the Cattle Burger for dinner and it was amaaaaazing! My cousin got the Lobster Ravioli, she lovvved it. Then came dessert! We shared the Tiramisu and OMG, it hit the spot! Perfect end to a great dinner!Our waitress was such a doll. She was so sweet and very attentive. I loved her!Can't wait to take my friends here! :)
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,11/10/2012,26,28,4,7,8>Thank goodness for Freehouse.  After spending my first few weeks in Berkeley fighting throes of undergraduate students to get a beer, I was pleased by the prompt service, booze selection and ambiance of Freehouse. Frankly, I certainly can't hate on a place that has a huge patio with heat lamps, fireplaces, comfy furniture, a nice beer selection and a SUPREME whiskey selection (ooh, lawwdy!). My boyfriend and I stumbled in for supper on a Wednesday and really enjoyed ourselves.  The service was good, drink selection was great, and our food was nice.  Granted, we had the pizza of the day and split a wedge salad which aren't terribly difficult dishes; I've never met a pizza I didn't like and I would consider drinking bleu cheese.  Still, we were pleased.My only complaint is their very limited wine choices but seeing as cooler temperatures are on the way, I'll happily stick to beer and whiskey! Good on ya, Freehouse!
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,11/9/2012,54,148,15,11,6>238 Yelpers agree: The Mislo is where it's at. I moved to Berkeley about a year ago, and three friends who don't know each other all independently recommended one bar: The Missouri Lounge.Is it teeming with hipsters? Yeah, of course it is. You're a hipster; that's why you're going. Are you going to drink too much because the shot and beer specials are dangerously cheap? You bet your ass. Are you going to have to make your way through a haze of smoke (of both the tobacco and marijuana varieties) on the patio to your overcrowded table piled high with empties? I wouldn't have it any other way.I wouldn't come to the Missouri Lounge for an anniversary dinner, but honestly, upscale bars tend to be cookie-cutter and are easy to come by. A good dive is harder to find. Mislo goes above and beyond. It's always well-trod, the patio is always friendly, the food is really surprisingly good, and the drinks are plentiful and cheap. It feels like the bar you would own if you owned a bar.I just wish the men's bathroom locked.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2012,11/8/2012,330,444,11,11,10>Steak by the Lake!  Juicy Beef beside the Brackish Lagoon! Red Meat at Merritt! Rather than thinking of Prime Spot Bar and Grill as a 'Hidden Gem/Gem', I'll go with a 'hidden/semiprecious stone'....or maybe a phat CZ instead of a diamond.  This isn't one of those cheesy, lux, super expensive House of Prime Rib spots.  There isn't upholstery on the chairs and it's more sparse in it's decor. There are 2 t.v.s hanging on the walls so you can watch the game. So don't act like you're the shizz when you review this place, honestly!  Get some prospective.  What I like about it, is, it's in my neighborhood, it's fairly priced, and it's unpretentious. It's not pretentious in the least! At times, I got the feeling the service was downright amateur, but man, I really liked my steak, and they were very sweet. I'd totally been craving a steak, and this seemed like a straightforward way to fulfill that craving right here in Oakland.  Basically I was pleased with my meal and after one visit, I know I will go back.  The Cowboy steak was right up my alley.  My 'medium' was the perfect medium. The thing was huge and it had been dry rubbed with espresso. The potatoes and broccoli that come with it were good too. My guy got ribs, which isn't the direction I'd recommend you take here.  Go for the prime rib.  He'll do that next time, but the ribs were good.  I thought the sauce was a little too sweet, but that could be tempered with the fries that come with it, adding that salty starch.  He also got a Cesar Salad which was what you would expect it to be at a prime rib place- covered in dressing and cheese, and yes, tasty!  I love that they have a full bar and wine+beer.  Don't go looking for any artisan liquors here. The wine list is like the antidote to all of the fancy schmancy $10 cocktails and $11 glasses of wine I have been whining about lately.  Clous de Bois, $6.50/$7 glasses of wine, and for me, a sparkling wine split for $6.50. Done.  Yes!! I loved that the table of Asian guys nearby ordered a round of shots to start out their night when they sat down.  Finally, I have to confess the next day I heated up the 1/2-yes HALF I didn't eat  that night for dinner, and the leftovers were damn good! Of course the meat cooked up a bit more, but I am not a bloody steak girl, no no.  Hey, to me, that's also indicative of not just quantity, but value.  Times are tough all over, and 2 meals in one! Hey!  I like it!
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,11/7/2012,291,487,6,6,8>"Monument Wine & Spirits"...are they trying to keep their huge stock of micro brews a secret?I would never have ventured in to this place if it weren't for the friendly guys at Ale Industries.  They mentioned that Monument W&S sells their beer, so I figured they must have a decent selection.  I had no idea!You'll find rows upon rows of local craft beer, some new, some vintage.  It's a beer lover's paradise.  Don't be scared off by the 70's facade or messy, dank interior.  You just might stumble upon your new favorite beer here!The staff were very friendly & helpful.  They even talked me into purchasing another bottle of beer from a new brewery in Oakland (Calicraft).  I loved it & was so glad I listened to them!Minus one star for the mold-encrusted bottles in the refrigerated section.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,11/6/2012,143,214,8,9,12>Yea, so, about this place...it's pretty freakin' awesome. Evidently many others share this sentiment as the place was packed on a Tuesday. Perhaps the 47 beers on tap contribute to that. Or maybe it is the refridgerators that have additional choices to go to quench your thirst at a later date. Maybe it's the relaxed, hip vibe. I'm guessing all of the above.I was fortunate enough to meet the owner, Rebecca, who is a super cool chick and you can tell is passionate about her business and the fine patrons that flock to this beer haven. It always makes a business stronger when you know the people behind the creation to completion process actually give a damn about their customers and not just a dollar. Anyone who likes beer needs to make this a destination point. If you don't like beer or do and don't come here, you need to seriously reevalaute your priorities.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,11/5/2012,662,352,5,8,8>Searching for a family-friendly artisan pizzeria with upscale flavors, good wines, delicious starters, and great service that won't break the bank? Look no further than Pizza Antica. This is a great place to bring mom or dad for Mother's Day or Father's Day, or to celebrate a graduation.They have two "hidden" menus: Gluten Free (hurrah!) and Kids (we usually order the Cheese Pizza, Plain Pasta, and Sliced, Cooked Carrots). The speedy delivery to the table is much appreciated when you have 3 hungry munchkins!With a selection of 10 'Our Pizzas' with gourmet toppings like Heirloom Potatoes, Tarragon, and Grilled Radicchio served on wooden pizza paddles, you can quickly pick a winner, while still tending to the kids.If you're an independent thinker, pick 'Your Pizza' from 20 toppings like Roasted Red Peppers, Sundried Tomatoes, and Gorgonzola to create your own masterpiece.We went with two large pizzas that fed 4 adults:* Our Pizza #4: Spicy Fennel Sausage, Portobello Mushroom and Roasted Onion* Our Pizza #9: Three Cheeses, Shaved Broccoli, Caramelized Onion and Pancetta#4 was by far our favorite combination -- the flavors mingled nicely with one another -- and #9 was also tasty thanks to the crispy Pancetta. They inadvertently gave us a small #4, rather than a large, but made up for it by bringing us a second small pizza. We did notice a difference between the two small pizzas -- the first had large, juicy chunks of Spicy Fennel Sausage, while the second had pieces similar to ground beef and was a bit overcooked.However, the starters and greens were heavenly! The fresh, crunchy textures were a perfect beginning to the doughy second half of the meal.Recommendations (please see photos for presentation):* Caesar Salad with Grana Padano and Crunchy Croutons -- Well dressed with croutons that had just the right amount of crunch* Shaved Spring Vegetable Salad with Bellwether Farms Ricotta Crostino -- Delicious mix of a variety of vegetables that snap, crackle, and pop in your mouth!* Antipasti of Young Vegetables, Housemade Mozzarella and Focaccia Crisps -- Yummy Asparagus, Marinated Red Onions, Sauteed Heirloom Potatoes, Grilled Peas, Soft Mozzarella, Light and Cheesy Crostini with a creamy dipping sauceIf you're a wine drinker, their vino pairs well with the food. I've had the Cabernet Sauvignon, Liberty School, Paso Robles 2009, which is a heavy and hearty red. I've also sampled their Soave, La Cappuccina 2010, a crisp and refreshing white. They also have a selection of beer, both bottled and draft, and a variety of artisan sodas such as D'arbo Elderflower Soda and D'arbo Sour Cherry Soda.*Tip: They can accommodate large groups if you give them a call at least an hour ahead to be placed on the wait list. It won't guarantee you a table right away, but it will speed up the wait to a mere 10 minutes.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,11/4/2012,204,145,4,13,8>I think I died and went to heaven.... Antique Heaven that is!The Alameda Point Antique Faire is the place to shop for Vintage, Retro, & Antiques featuring home furnishings & Decorations, Clothing, Furniture-primitive thru mid century styles, Jewelry, Paintings, Books, Collectibles, and much more.I had such a great time at the Antique Faire. It is an excellent way to spend a Sunday morning. Alameda Pointe is so massive with great views of San Francisco, then you add a multitude of amazing antique vendors  and vintage fashion faire (over 800 exhibitors to be exact spreading over a mile) to the mix and suddenly it's my new favorite place to go on the second Sunday morning of the month! Did I forget to mention all the great food trucks to hearts delight? And the Michaan's Auction Annex?We strolled through every aisle trying to take everything in and watched customers using large pushcarts, which are available to loan, with their findings. It was quite overwhelming and impossible to see everything but so much fun to partake in. I found a vintage baby carriage buggy for only $40 bucks! I had been looking for one exactly like it ever since I did my maternity photo shoot. The carriage is timeless and will make for great photo opts for years to come.I can not wait to go back next month!Here are a few things to know:*       Wear comfortable shoes because you will do a lot of walking.*       Bring Bottled Water since lines are rather long if you get thirsty* Dress in layers. The view is fantastic, but it can get cool and windy.* Dealers are willing to bargain, but you'll get better prices at the end of the day. Dealers               aren't allowed to leave before 3 p.m.* There are 2 ATM machines on site, one is at the entrance, but you'll probably have to wait         in line.* First Sunday of every month* 6 a.m. to 3 p.m.* Free air conditioned tram from back of parking lot to admission area from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.Admission:* $15 from 6 a.m. to 7:30 a.m.* $10 from 7:30 a.m. to 9 a.m.* $5 from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.* Free parking* Service animals only
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,11/3/2012,164,145,8,11,9>I order a crap ton of doughnuts from Tommy's for my wedding. I had a doughnut dessert table because, well duh, I love donuts. Like, a lot. Tommy's was recommended to me by a friend so I went to the shop one day to check it out. I spoke to Randi who is the owner and helped me with my order. I talked to her about what I was thinking for the dessert table and she threw out some of her ideas and recommendations for which donuts customers like better. I came in thinking I only wanted a few types of donuts in 2 colors and came out with a mucher more creative table spread. She doesn't typically sell pink frosting donuts but said she would custom make them for me since my wedding colors were pink, tan, and white. She even made practice batches and gave me test donuts to sample. After one of our meetings she gave me a large box of free donuts just for funsies. Haha And ya'll don't want to see me with a large box of free donuts because I can inhale those things like no other. Seriously though, it was so awesome that she did that. She made pink frosting that tasted like strawberry! Whaaaaat?! I know, right?! She made pink frosted glazed, old fashioned and regular cake donuts. They tasted delish!I can't remember how many dozens of donuts we ended up ordering but it pretty much filled up the trunk and back seat of my groomsman's car when they picked it up. It was amazeballs. The guests at the wedding were blown away with the table and how cool the donuts looked. Randi really was so helpful and just a cool down to earth person that made it so easy to work with. I'm glad I used Tommy's!P.S. It was soooo cheap!!! Winning!
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2012,11/2/2012,374,75,7,11,12>Crack open this seemingly uninteresting concrete geode, and unveil quite the gem! Easy Lounge really has all the bells and whistles; high ceilings, interesting art, and friendly people.I loved the farmers market inspired cocktails and went a little unconventional with my drink order, a strawberry mixture with a smoky whiskey kick. Y-U-M. I can't wait to come back and try the Daredevil: Hibiscus tequila, lime and house-made ginger soda. The gifts Easy has to offer simply cannot be enjoyed in one visit.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,11/1/2012,334,415,4,9,8>This new restaurant opened around Memorial Day weekend, 2012, and has been PACKED every night ever since. Worth the hype? YES! Besides the mixologist concoctions at Gather and Revival, Comal is a fierce contender in the arena of well-made cocktails worthy of the price tag. The selection of bitters, fresh mixers, and house-made seltzers make for an impressively stocked bar. I was especially tickled that their version of Mezcal utilizes a chicharrone-cinnamon powder rather than the traditional worm. A 1-oz. pour of Mezcal is served in 3 parts:1. A few pieces of fruit, which you lightly dip in....2. The chicharrone-cinnamon powder3. Sip the Mezcal, and chase it with the dusted fruitThe tequilas come with a choice of red or white sangrita as a chaser, but are so smooth you really don't even need it. Yes, the 1-oz tequila/mezcal pours are a bit measly, and come with a price tag between $4-14, but it's worth trying at least one for a good taste. For a more substantial drink, the cocktails are fabulous, with choices for every type of palate.The food was excellent as well - apps under $10, and entrees starting at $12 and up. The guac, although only 1 avocado, was more than sufficient for the serving of chips, and these housemade chips are tasty! Also loved the chicharrones. The taco plates ($12-14) were modestly sized, but also delicious. The house hot sauce is phenomenal, and perfectly highlights the subtle flavors.Overall, everything's priced a bit outside of a college student's budget, but great for adults that appreciate tasty food and drinks.The back patio space is expansive, with space heaters over the covered portion, and nice seating in the sun. Overall, the matte steel grey + wood aesthetic shows off a beautifully modern space complete with open kitchen. Great tables for groups.The only thing that keeps this from being a real drinking establishment is that it closes at 10pm. Time to brush up on your knowledge of Blanco/Reposado/Anejo!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2012,10/31/2012,325,666,1,8,9>After the BART fire at West Oakland, Constance D. was left taking the ferry from San Francisco. I met her at the Jack London Ferry Landing and turned lemons into lemonade by crossing off Chop Bar from my bookmarks list. It had been on the "To Try" list for over two years, and we finally checked it off.We sat outside which I really enjoyed. People watching in the fresh air while sitting at the patio bar was quite relaxing. We sipped on tasty beers and cocktails.Soon, our food arrived. I had the Chop Bar Burger and a side of chimichurri potatoes. They were both fantastic. Cowboy Onions on your burger are a must. Don't question me on this, just get the darn onions. They served Drakes' Aroma Coma, a very very good thing.Even though the fire did millions dollars worth of damage and made thousands late to work, it did lead to a date night. So, I guess something good did come from the fiasco.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,10/30/2012,476,438,4,8,7>I am in love with the Bun Cha Ha Noi here. It's a delicious, refreshing dish that's perfect for the hot weather lately. The meat is seasoned well and served in bowl of fish sauce, along with some pickled daikon and radish. It comes with a hefty side of vegetables and vermicelli noodles. You build your own bowl and add as much vegetables and noodles as you like, then top it off with the meat and pickled veggies. I have yet to try anything else on the menu because the rare times that I am in the area and have time for a meal here, I can't resist the Bun Cha Ha Noi. This is Pho Ao Sen's new location, which is a major upgrade from the little rinky dink place on International Blvd. They even have a parking lot.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,10/29/2012,287,221,11,9,8>Well I  guess I can cancel my flight to the Sahara Desert..and come here instead!Habibi...please come here for the lunch buffet.  Its stocked with fresh "Arabic Fusion" and I'm really not sure what I'm eating but I know it tastes good.There are many options and for 8.90$ during the week and 10.90$ on the weekends its affordable and filling.Vegetarian, meat, picky, not picky....diet, no diet...options for everyone.I like to get a couple glasses of champagne with a splash of fresh watermelon juice....mmmm I'm getting thirsty just thinking about it.I've always managed to get the best table in the house (outside patio, corner against wall) and I think the staff is really friendly and accommodating.Not exactly a magic carpet but its worth a trip...Park your camels out back and come in for some fine fusion and flare...you wont leave hungry or disappointed.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,10/28/2012,338,1028,4,9,8>Upon arrival, I took a sip of my friend's cocktail and quickly ordered the same. It consisted of grapefruit juice, lemon, vodka and elderflower liqueur. It isn't on the menu (yet) so just ask for the "Jackie." It was the perfect level of tartness and not too sweet -- a great warm weather cocktail. I don't think they use any pre-made juices, everything seemed nice and fresh. Most of their cocktails are between $9 and $14. A bit pricey to some but that is pretty standard for specialty cocktails. Our server brought us complimentary cornbread which had good flavor and texture -- not too dry. There are lots of seating options - cozy rounded booths, tables inside and out and of course you can always sit right at the bar and watch the mixologists at work. Some of the street parking meters now take cards and parking is free after 6:00 pm. One last thing, they use iPads for credit cards and you sign digitally and e-mail or text yourself the receipt. That's cool.I sent Ivy R a message while we were still here because I feel like this place was made for her and other cocktail aficionados.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,10/27/2012,478,158,13,16,13>This charming sleek little wine bar  is located at the historic Alameda Theater Complex, it has a pretension-free menu that serves a dozen or so largely satisfying noshes - the $6 dollar cheese plate that comes with  fresh fruit, nuts, and baguette is a great bargain.Owner Karen Ulrich and her employees are very knowledgeable of the wine they pour. Most of the fresh and artisan foods you enjoy at this bar are from small, independent retailers and wholesalers of Alameda, the East Bay or just slightly beyond.This stylish, relaxing, jazz-themed bar also has a couple of outdoor tables at the front patio where in if people watching is your thing - you will have a blast.You can buy a bottle to take home or to enjoy at the bar for a corkage fee of $8. They have Wine Flights, 6 ounce glass or 3 ounce taste. They also allow outside food from the following neighboring restaurants;-BurgerMeister-Cafe Central-Kabob Central-Troy-Viva Mexico!On Mondays & Tuesdays they offer free corkage.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,10/26/2012,744,496,4,6,7>The home button on my iPhone wasn't working [cue tears] and the kind gent here fixed it for free. He also showed me how the button worked, and gently explained that the problem derived from my heavy thumb. You can't ask for better service than that! Since he didn't charge me, I at least tipped him some beer money, which he seemed to appreciate. While I was there, I watched him patiently help a woman who was obviously a long-time, loyal customer. Which I will be too, after my stellar customer experience.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,10/25/2012,161,108,2,18,8>Where am I?  Is this heaven for runners?  I understand that East Bay is not bustling San Fran, but how is it that just hopping over the hill from the urban limits of San Leandro & Oakland, I chance upon this peaceful oasis?The lovely thing about Lake Chabot park is in its variation of settings as you move through the serpentine trails.  There are calm walks along the lake shore, there is the marina and picnic areas full of happy gatherings, then there are trails that veer off to steep hills.  And it is not a tourist's destination - you have the locals riding bikes, locals walking with their dogs - and it's peaceful, not bustling.  Peaceful.  You hear the noise of rustling leaves, see the calm waters, hear the ducks.  It's amazing.For the runners out there, take to circumscribing the lake - about 9 miles.  There are some steep hills, which may present a challenge, but the variation is great.  You move between well trodden paved bike paths to lonely narrow trails under the canopy of trees with nothing but soft leaves under your feet.  I run here regularly, and it's one of the best running trails I can recommend near San Leandro ... no signals, no cars, just miles of fresh air and greenery.
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,10/24/2012,122,260,3,5,5>WHAT?! You can put bean sprouts in your sandwich? Honestly, the only time I ever use bean sprouts are for pho. But this and the other fresh toppings that were put into my turkey breast sandwich gave it a refreshing taste, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. The young lady at the front was very helpful in recommending me what sandwich to order since it was my first time in my 13 years living in Fremont(it's a conspiracy!) getting food from this deli.And when I came back two hours later to get one of those fancy sparkling waters from Italy, the other lady remembered who I was and asked how my sandwich was! If that's not great customer service, I don't know what is.That star is off, but that's my fault: I was stupid enough not to put CHEESE in my sandwich. How can I go into The Cheese Taster and not get any CHEESE on my sandwich?! What the hell was I thinking...Anyway, that star will not be off for long. I will be back!
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,10/23/2012,703,337,7,9,9>This by far one of the best spots to eat in Lafayette,  And if you can get early enough to try breakfast you won't be disappointed.  The ricotta pancakes are amazing.  I also love the vegetarian omelet, the eggs are organic, local and the veggies taste fresh.  I've had other items that were less thank impressive such as the yogurt and granola...still love you though!  The yogurt was pretty good but there was hardly any fruit and it was more of a side dish.I love that they offer fresh juices albeit a little pricey.  There are options for the health conscious person such as myself to the glutton who does not care for calorie counting. I like how they have seasonal items but also keep the favorites.  Right now I really love the Thai noodle soup!  Oh and please bring back the black bean soup and sweet potatoes, mmmm.  It's almost time for brussel sprouts, can't wait.And be sure to check out the market which showcases some wonderful specialty items and in house made foods.  The chex mix is a must.  And if you like pies you are in the right place!FYI it can get really busy on weekends, but usually moves pretty fast.  There are a lot of people on staff and they are more than helpful. ;-)
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2012,10/22/2012,111,134,5,10,7>Bowl'd is fast becoming one of my favorite restaurants in Berkeley! I can't believe I had only found out about it this past summer, but I've been back so many times since then. They also recently opened another restaurant called Spoon, which I've been wanting to try. I'm quite amused by their choice of names..what's next, Fork? There's usually always a wait since it's so popular, but it doesn't take too long and it's worth it! To entertain yourself, go ahead and buy a red bean and vanilla ice cream fish or corn popsicle FOR ONLY $1 (yelp.com/biz_photos/vD0m…) from the freezer in the waiting area!! Who says you can't have dessert before dinner?My favorites:- Kimchi Pancake ($6): yelp.com/biz_photos/vD0m…- Organic Works ($14): yelp.com/biz_photos/vD0m…- Kimchi Fried Rice ($12)- Shaved Ice with Fruit ($8): yelp.com/biz_photos/vD0m…You must must must get the Kimchi Pancake appetizer! It comes with about 8 rectangular pancakes and a citrus soy dipping sauce. They taste awesome even without the sauce, but even better with! The Organic Works is great too because it's just so healthy that you feel good eating it! Everything is organic, which is rare for most restaurants and it comes with fresh mushrooms, tomatoes, sprouts, peppers, carrots, seasonal mixed greens, white or brown rice, and side dishes! It's so colorful and pleasing to look at. I think this would be awesome paired with the Kimchi Fried Rice since the Organic Works is on the lighter, more natural-tasting side while the fried rice is sooo flavorful and spicy! Mixing them together could work out really nicely! Now, for dessert. SHAVED ICE!! This is a gigantic bowl of shaved ice, fresh fruit, assorted mochi, red bean, and condensed milk goodness! They give you these cute, plastic spoons to eat it with too! I just can't get enough of this and order it almost every time I'm here even if I'm too full. Because I know I'll just keep eating anyway..Service is always awesome and everyone is unbelievably friendly! I've come here a couple of times near closing time, but was never rushed even though I've stayed half an hour past when they close. Another cool thing is that if you have leftovers, they pack it into these plastic containers and even seal them so that they look like you bought packaged food from a store! I've never seen this before and was really surprised when I got my leftovers! They're also really considerate and give you an extra container of citrus soy sauce for things like the pancake if you take it home without even having to ask!TIPS: Get off your computer and try Bowl'd now!
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,10/21/2012,278,117,5,8,7>Exhilarating! These karts are fast! My friends and I sporadically decided to come here one evening as we were all feeling an itch to get our adrenaline pumping. We'd heard of this place but had never visited. We called them first and they picked up right away and were really nice and helpful. The guy at the register had a great attitude and joked around with us as we picked nicknames. As expected, they had a safety video for us to watch, but we didn't know when or where we were supposed to go for that. We sat by the randomly placed fake fireplace in the lobby for about 10 minutes before someone asked us if we had watched the video already. It was also unclear when our race was up. We eventually waited by the track to check if our names were on the board because we were afraid we'd miss it being in the main lobby.The actual race was a blast. I was surprised how fast my kart took off. I accidentally slammed into the back of a fellow racer who, based on his skills and his nifty racing outfit, was a seasoned veteran but he wasn't mad and sped off. To my horror my helmet shield came unattached and started flapping around a few minutes into it. I wasn't sure what to do about it (I didn't want it to come off and fly under someone else's kart!) so I flipped it up. It stayed in tact until the race was over but with I had a stream of tears going all the way back to my ears because of the wind.Aside from my helmet trouble I had quite the rousing experience. Loved it and would come back.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,10/20/2012,151,178,13,14,16>Some times, the demands of a frantic day warrant a speedy yet tasty latte to reboot one's ebbing vigor. Other times, the same day suggests escape to a zen-like refuge to zone out and contemplate one's navel.If you've reached a fork in the road and can't decide between the two paths, Monkey Forest Road offers both. Piqued by Jimmy D.'s award-winning review, I hit MFR for a noontime latte in between driving errands.  What followed were a series of "oh cool" moments:- Seeing their dedicated (albeit unplentiful) free parking spots, unfortunately discovered after already paying homage to the Oaktown parking gods. - Cafe/furniture interplay: excellently structured and juxtaposed. A sun beam from the central ceiling window shines down on a central exotic greenscaping, with items from tabletop curios to large-scale tables surrounding it. The cafe area both straddles and connects to this furniture area like the yin fin to its yang counterpart. - The ordering of the latte at the cafe:  MFR's website mentions the service of coffee "without the attitude" (hmm, who do you think they might be referencing?) and it's so true.  The people behind the service radiate comfort, positivity and knowledge. - The baked goods:   An area where my gluten radar would normally bleep "danger," Monkey's offerings of the day included three full-fledged G.F. goodies. Feeling like savory versus the two sweet muffin choices, I opted for the scone of Point Reyes blue cheese with scallions. Perfectly textured, arousingly aromatic and quite easy on the taste buds.- The latte:  pretty as a picture (see picture; link above) with its Blue Bottle-like heart.  The first taste of Verve also beckoned comparison to BB, but with more than a hint of the smoky charred notes I attribute to Bicycle Coffee. While I liked my first sip of latte, each successive taste seemed to grow on me, until, at the end, I could not say if Monkey or Blue Bottle makes the better latte. - The too-quick post-latte furniture scouring:  the tables, of which there are several, are truly amazing looking -- and almost as amazingly expensive. Statues, knick-knacks and everything in between, which are festooned in and around the tables, are quite lovely too. And, after seeing a $20K table,these items became positioned in my head (or by their clever marketing folks) as practically affordable.  Still, even for the confirmed window shopper, it's worth a stroll around the offerings.4.5 stars.  Monkey Forest Road:  I'm looking forward to my next excursion with you.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,10/19/2012,206,442,5,5,8>It's official: I seriously adore Campo di Bocce!  How can I prove that?  Well, I have spent my last two birthdays here!The food is delicious, the service is good and bocce is so much fun (especially if you have had a couple of drinks and like to compete--this is probably the only acceptable time to scream at your friends and family)!Campo di Bocce has a lot of good deals to offer: Half-off house wine at happy hour, prix fixe meals, and the birthday person eats and plays for free!I just really love the aesthetics and the ambiance and, hey, it doesn't hurt that it's located half a mile from my house.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,10/18/2012,231,454,30,25,30>I like bars in the daytime.  It isn't just an evolving preference; I always have.  Forget what this might imply because it doesn't much matter at this point.Yesterday over my afternoon pilsner before a little homework I watched the Big Lebowski on little flatscreens at either end of the cozy bar with people who seemed to like daytime drinking as much as me.  Watched with a smile only briefly, for as I had homework to do on the patio and it was sunny and there were giant poodles running wild and even with The Dude on the telly I couldn't stay inside.So I sat along the side of the patio at a picnic table under a shade tree listening occasionally to the conversations around, doing my homework, smoking second-hand smoke, scruffing a dog I'd name Grover.  Friends came, visits ensued, more pilsner flowed, homework didn't quite get finished.There was underwear and a rubber chicken hanging from a clothesline on the second story and I couldn't tell if it was wash or an accoutrement.  So, because things like this are important to me, I'll go back this afternoon with more homework to take a closer look.  To be sure.Because it's good to be sure.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2012,10/17/2012,341,458,9,10,11>I'm not really a sorbet person.  I love ice cream and gelato immensely.  Because I'm about the dairy.  Creamy, rich, fatty dairy.  So the first time my family stopped by Scream, I didn't even order anything.  But I'm not so closed minded to decline a taste of someone else's sorbet.  All I can say is... whoa.  This can't be sorbet.  It's rich.  It's creamy.  It's decadent.  I feel like Elaine in that Seinfeld episode with the amazingly delicious fat free yogurt that turned out to not be fat free at all.  I still check the ingredients every time, wondering if they've finally decided to confess about the cream.  The vanilla almond is to die for.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,10/16/2012,247,318,4,10,7>Good Chinese food AND the owner sings Backstreet boys while you eat? WIN!Came here after searching on yelp for a restaurant that is opened past 9:30pm (they're kitchen closes either at 10:15p or 10:25p) yay.Upon entering the restaurant, I was immediately surprised by the cleanliness and the nice decor. The floors were clean, and so were the utensils and dishes! (If you've been to authentic Chinese restaurants in LA, you know this rare!)Since it was Thursday night, we were entertained by Simon (the owner)'s singing and the keyboard played by another talented person). He sang some songs in mandarin & classics in English.... this was so cute! Simon was really friendly and sweet, I would come back just because he's so great. The waitstaff is also great and service was good.The menu was extensive and we ordered lemon chicken (the chicken is soft), chow mien (too greasy, but it was still good!) and green beans & beef (I love that the green beans were crispy and not withered and soggy!). The food overall was good and we had leftovers for each plate between the 2 of us. Overall, I recommend coming here for good Chinese food & great service (come here on Thursday nights for entertainment!)
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,10/15/2012,193,27,6,9,7>Who doesn't like organic?! More importantly, who doesn't like freakin deliciousness?!Taste: Original tart is more on the "tartier" side, but that's the way I like it. I don't want it to be too sweet; that's what ice cream is for. "Blush" flavor is also yummy. It's pink from the dragon fruit and pomegranate flavors in it. They also have seasonal flavors that come and go depending on when you come in. Atmosphere: CUTE. It has green walls and handwritten menus in the front of the store. Also, they have huge screen TVs that are constantly playing kid-friendly movies .Service: Wonderful. I think the owner did a great job choosing servers who were friendly and patient! Sometimes, when I have too many choices in front of me, I tend to take a little more time deciding what I want. The workers here are so helpful and will let you try samples of the yogurts offered here. Price: Don't expect dirt cheap or overpriced yogurt. Prices are moderate and you get what you pay for. Plus, they PACK in the yogurt and will not charge you "by ounce" like other places. I mean, what other store takes the time to stop dispensing your yogurt halfway, gently taps your cup on the counter so the yogurt settles to the bottom, and then generously pours again to the top of your cup? Yeah, take THAT Pinkberry!...Pinkberry I still love you but Blush beats you here.Froyo heaven. Blush, thank you for showing us how yogurt should be.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,10/14/2012,654,850,8,13,10>"Did you try it before you seasoned it?" Jodie was insistent.Jodie (as in the Jodie of Jodie's Restaurant) is a bit of a nut. But in a good way. In fact, eating at Jodie's Restaurant can be described as an entirely eccentric experience.It's a tiny, tiny hole-in-the-wall just off of Solano Ave. The decor looks like it was pieced together by someone tripping on acid using random items from a dozen different garage sales. The menu, well, I'm still not clear what all is on the menu.Suffice to say that this place, just like its owner, has a lot of character. The girlfriend & I ended up here on a beautiful early Saturday afternoon while exploring Solano Ave. We were hungry & it was time for a hearty weekend brunch.With the menu being what it is here, we didn't so much order our food. It was more like we negotiated what we would be served. The food took a while. It's an openly disclosed fact & it's important to know. Jodie assured us we'd have good food if we weren't in a hurry.All told, the girlfriend & I had eggs (over easy & scrambled), sausage, corned beef hash, grits, toast, hash browns & spicy grits. True to his word, everything was outstandingly delicious. As good as it all was, there was 1 stand out: the spicy grits. Wow, weeks later & I still think about that dish almost every day. Yeah, I'll be back for more.Jodie's Restaurant is not your typical breakfast joint & Jodie is definitely not your typical proprietor. But the food here is fantastic &, if you're not wound up too tight, you'll have a pleasantly unique experience to go along with the fantastic food.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,10/12/2012,245,190,4,8,7>No, this place isn't as affordable as other Mexican joints with tacos that most people are used to. But that's because the food here is beyond tasty and extremely high quality. I love Oaxaca, Mexico. I love the food from Oaxaca. This place takes a lot of cues from the cuisine found in Oaxaca. You'll find just as much flavor here as you will in Oaxaca, Mexico and that is really amazing and special. The tacos are fantastic. The Mexican Mocha is freaking delicious (especially after being obsessed with Oaxacan hot chocolate when I last went to Mexico). The quesadillas are made using Oaxacan cheese. The mango jicama salad? Crazy good. I then went for Sunday brunch and had the verde pozole and HOLY GEEZ it's really fantastic.They even started carrying Indio - a Mexican beer - which we previously only saw in Oaxaca. It's fantastic. I really just want to live at Cosecha and eat there for every meal. The one and only downside is that this place gets busy, especially during lunch hour. Plan accordingly.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,10/11/2012,143,355,5,7,7>One of the most amazing dog parks in the area and it caters to both people and dogs! The big and small park are separated by fences yet they're very much together. I love how the fencing has holes big enough for the dogs to stick their nose through and sniff each other! It's good that my little pup gets to interact with biggest dogs because he's a little dare devil. Loves to mess around with anything that's way bigger than himself! The park is super clean in itself and everybody who comes in and out take really good care of it. I appreciate how the patrons clean up after their dogs and everybody is like family here, though we're all strangers. There are water fountains throughout as well as bowls for the dogs to drink from. Both parks have an obstacle course and play structure so they can get their exercise on! There's baggies for picking up after your babies, please! Benches and shades are provided for doggy parents who come, so no worries. It's location has free street parking and away from the downtown, so less cars and just open space for your pets to enjoy. They are very strict on being closed for 72 hours after rain for the grass to dry, as well as being closed on Mondays.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,10/10/2012,470,139,12,10,8>Fenton's. I don't even know what to say.Portions are huge. Flavors are many. Toppings abound. Creativity is mind-boggling. Whoever made up the menu should get a Nobel prize for their ice-cream-and-topping matchmaking abilities.I first came here with a man who told me that, "Fenton's is not a place you go for dessert; it's where you go to have ice cream for dinner." Swoon!! (Note: Fenton's has regular food, too). Once I had my first sundae, I was hooked. I could barely move! The guy was trying to move in on he last few bites because I was visibly pained, but I knocked his hand and gave him a death stare. We had to sit there for a while before I could finish it.If you're the sharing type, go with a friend and try an a few assortments (fruity, chocolate, mint, etc.). If you're the aggressive type, make sure you get your own. This place is an absolute MUST for anyone coming into the East Bay.Also, be prepared to wait a while. This is a five star ice cream joint, people. Everybody's trying to get some
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2012,10/9/2012,190,446,7,10,9>Pick the best answer.  Kobe Japan is?A) Bar  B) Sushi Bar  C) Cooking ShowD) All of the aboveCorrect! The answer is D, all of the above!So here's the deal.  The food was pretty good!  We had a drink at the bar while waited to be seated.  You know, those teppanyaki-table-cooking-while-watching-them-­throw-spatulas-around type events?  That's always kinda cool.  It was a party of 4 for us joined by 2 strangers.  It's a not a great place to carry a conversation.  It's about the show, and maybe the food.  I try to avoid pleasures like fried rice and stay with steamed, but I wasn't passing up freshly prepared fried rice.  The beating heart display was a nice touch.  Steak and lobster?  Mrs N. enjoyed that, although traditional treatment of lobster would have suited her better.  I had the chicken and shrimp, and it was perfect!  Friends Norm (NORM!!!!) and his wife Ronda went with the sea food trio.  The report from them was it was good.  The noise level is part of this sort of dining, so I can't ding them for that.  The lobster was not as satisfying as expected.  The odd part of the evening was a shot of oil that went flying into my wife's eyelid!  Ya, hot oil went a shootin' her way.  Accident that could have been very bad.  Putting this all together, minus one star.Overall, I'm a fan.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2012,10/8/2012,1017,341,11,17,16>Just happened to notice this shop today and strolled right in to check it out. For the taffy fan, there's a million different flavors offered, including interesting flavors like maple bacon or chili, or the more traditional flavors like banana or strawberry.Going farther back you'll find a section dedicated to different sodas, all in glass bottles, also in unique flavors and old-time brands. There's a small offering of other candies as well, along with Drake's baked goods. As a Seinfeld fan, I had to try a Drake's coffee cake, and it was as delicious as Elaine, Jerry, and Newman claimed it to be.Prices seem to be reasonable here, and the store, while tiny, extends far back and is very charming with it's pink decor and old-fashioned vibe. Definitely check it out - I'll be back too!
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2012,10/7/2012,190,333,6,10,7>A friend took me to TrueBurger the other day, and I'm glad she did.  This is the best burger I've had here on the East Bay, for the following reasons:1.  The meat was flavorful and had some heft to it.  The patty was thick, but not too much.2.  The bacon in my burger was crispy (very underrated).3.  The sauce they put on it was tasty, and I didn't need to add any other condiments.4.  The bread was solid enough to hold the burger and veggies, but not too soft as to get soggy while eating (too common for most burgers).5.  My chocolate shake with strawberry mix-in was thick and delicious.6.  The chili cheese fries (shared with my friend) was large enough to share, with a very hearty chili and topped with sour cream.The service was also very good.  My friend and I sat outside, but the cashier brought my shake out to me, as it wasn't ready when our food was.I also had a bite of my friends mushroom burger.  I was surprised that the mushroom was coated in panko (?) and then deep-fried.  The next time I come in, I'll probably get the TrueBurger Deluxe (with a beef patty, topped with a mushroom patty).  I'll probably won't eat for a day or two beforehand, but I'm sure it will be worth it!
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,10/5/2012,61,176,6,6,6>Went for their happy hour, unfortunately didn't get there in time but hey that's what friends are for. They ordered me their delicious sliders, oysters and a yummy cactus bite and bite it surely did. The sliders (comes with two) are listed under their bites menu but were fairly filling. I might pass on their oysters next time (comes with 6), a little salty and lacking in the meat dept for my taste but I am a bit of an oyster snob since I've had them in Tamales Bay fresh off the boat.We sat out on their patio and it was a perfect warm day, the servers were attentive but not too pushy to get us out the door (we were there for literally 2 hours). Friends also enjoyed themselves, like I said the drinks had some bite and at $5 a piece they each had 3 by the time of my arrival. It literally felt as if it was a Sex and the City episode, of course, the episode where they are in sunny California. The best part was the dessert ! I could not decide which I loved more the bread pudding or the espresso creme brulee. Both melted in my mouth and brought me a new burst of ecstasy with each bite. Now if only those two items were added to the happy hour menu I would be a happier girl.... Happy Hour3-6 Mon-Sat9pm-10:30pm Thurs-Sat
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,10/4/2012,149,451,2,11,11>It's a tiny little house converted into a diner.  It can only accommodate maybe four tables with 4 seats and two counters.  When we drove by looking for street parking, we already noticed a big group of people congregating outside.  Our wait was approximately 30 minutes, but that's not too long when you're with good company.We opted to sit at the counter.  We got to see all the kitchen action.  It amazes me how 7 people can work in such a small area, but they work in sync with each other very well.  My French toast, scrambled eggs, and bacon were the perfect portion for my brunch.   I hate wasting food.  Plus, a large plate of food would only tempt me to overeat...yummy food in particular.  The French toast was so velvety and sweet, even without the syrup.  The bacon was crisp and absolutely scrumptious.I really love this little family-run breakfast joint.  It's a such hard-working family.  The food really makes you feel like you're at home.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,10/3/2012,228,89,4,8,6>Best place I've gone to in the Berkeley/Oakland/Alameda area for milk tea! It's self serve boba: you can order any flavored drink at the cash register (extra flavoring doesn't cost any more money!).  You then take your cup, fill it up with a variety of delicious goodies based on your own preferences, and put it on the counter and they fill it up for ya! voila delicious milk tea.  My personal favorite is just the classic milk tea, with tapioca, lychee, mango and green apple jelly, and grass lead jelly. Delicious.  I also got for the Taro flavored Milk tea as well.  And the people here are super nice too! Once I came here with a friend late after they just closed. But they were nice enough to reopen the locked doors and let us order like 4 milk teas + and popcorn chicken. 5 stars just for that. I go here way too much man...
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2012,10/2/2012,382,382,7,15,17>I had the most amazing paella from Venga Paella at Donkey & Goat Winery in Berkeley where they had 3 huge paellas pans a blaze as the summer sun shone down.  I ate two plates by myself so I think I got a good feel for the flavor, texture and seasoning.  Man, talk about delicious!  Packed with the freshest seafood, sausage, meats and vegetables, cooked perfectly in broth and then finished with a tiny bit of oil that probably had angel tear drops in it, I was in heaven!Venga Paella doesn't have a store so I will absolutely consider them for a catered event.  How cool would it be to have a chef show up at your house with a GIANT paella pan and cook for your guests?  Paella (and they have all kinds) plus a gorgeous salad and bread will set you back about $20/person.  It's not cheap but I've worked with many a catering company and $20/person for dinner is a pretty great price point!Thanks Venga Paella for reminding me there are other inventive and creative ways to cater!
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,10/1/2012,313,779,8,7,5>Yum! All you can eat Korean BBQ is always a hit.The thing about this place is that you can always just order regular dishes, but they cost the same as AYCE... so it kinda FORCES you to get the latter. So I would only come to this place if you are super hungry... like seriously hungry.The service on the day I went was super quick, especially considering we had a party of 6 - I feel like we put in our order and small plates were coming out literally 5 minutes later. They're not stingy about refilling either. I generally love all the side dishes at Korean restaurants but my new favorite thing (mainly because it's probably HORRIBLE for you) is the corn cheese. It reminds me of elote in sizzling plate form. SO BAD but so GOOD. Our bill came out to about $120 for six people, and they automatically included gratuity because we were a party of 6. I'd come back again - but maybe wearing sweats, leggings or a dress next time - note to self, skinny jeans are not conducive to all-you-can-eat establishments.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,9/30/2012,563,337,8,10,12>Dulce's Antojitos is simply exceptional!  The tacos were HUGE and DELICIOUS. You can easily split 1 of these enormous tacos into 2 regular ones... Especially since each taco comes with 2 shells.And the burritos?!  Mmm mmm mmm......  I've seen bigger... but tastier?!  Not really!  These burritos were delectable!Don't forget the SUPER NACHOS!  These things were LARGE and in charge!  And so freakin good!  It was probably one of the best nachos I've EVER had.... YES, it was that freakin good! I have to admit.... EVERYTHING was absolutely AMAZING!Oh yeah, they're also known for their large assortment of fresh fruit juices and desserts too... but after all the tacos, burritos, and super nachos, I had to be carried out in a wheel barrel without experiencing one of these tasty delights.Until next time, mi amigo!
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,9/29/2012,456,631,6,7,6>I am so glad this place exists. Cool Italian race bikes on the wall, long communal tables, good wine and most importantly, pizza! I've tried a few things on the menu and  can say I love the briatori (smoked mozzrella, fontina, crescenza, gorgonzola dolce cheese), it's an intoxicating dalliance of dairy on your tongue. I also enjoyed the fiori with arugula and proscuitto. It's a very light, thin crust with fresh tasting ingredients that slap the roof of your mouth with an Italian fist. Whenever we're running errands or in the neighborhood when the belly rumbles, I'm gonna find me some Hot Italian and quell my animal urges long enough to get a table and devour my meal.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,9/28/2012,1948,4780,7,16,16>I discovered the Ruth Bancroft Garden during one of Mayor Bob's monthly Walnut Creek Walks. The Garden is a 2.5 acre dry botanical garden containing more than 2,000 cactus, succulents, trees, and shrubs native to various sundry parts of the World. The Garden began in the early 1950s as a private collection within Bancroft Farm (a former provider of prize pears), when Ruth brought home a single succulent, an Aeonium grown by a Ms. Glenn Davidson. By 1972, the collection had outgrown its location and was moved to its current site, then an orchard of dying walnut trees. The Aeonium "Glenn Davidson" is still growing in the Garden. In 1989, it became the first garden in the United States to be preserved by The Garden Conservancy, and has been open to the public since 1992. Today the Garden is an outstanding landscape of xerophytes (dry-growing plants) and a tribute to Ruth Bancroft who is still hanging in there at the ripe age of 103. Gayle and I were among the 40 or so people who stopped by last Saturday as part of Mayor Bob's monthly Saturday walks through various open spaces and neighborhoods in Walnut Creek. This 4.5 mile stroll was a Garden Walk and besides the Ruth Bancroft Garden, we saw the future home of the Community Garden in the Shadelands and ended up at Heather Farm. While at the Ruth Bancroft Garden, we were given a nice tour and enjoyed our too short stroll through the gardens. I'm all for coming back during one of the Sunset Socials for a little music and further admiring the succulents.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,9/27/2012,331,587,13,25,15>Combine my rants about the paucity of good brunch places in the East Bay with my pathological aversion to waiting an hour plus at places that I do like in the city, and I am left with few choices. This is generally okay, because I am not a part of the breakfast club, and to quote Groucho Marx, "I'd never join a club that would allow a person like me to become a member."Rick & Ann's has always delivered on the food, but the wait is often horrendous. Yesterday I was already nervously hungry while walking there with my friend, and she clued me into a revolutionary new tool which may change the way I interact with the so-called most important meal of the day. It's called TimeView-an app through which you can list yourself for a handful of restaurants that don't take reservations, and R&A's uses it. So 45 minutes beforehand, we put ourselves on the list, and when we arrived we were seated immediately! Having overcome the principal barrier between me and having a breakfast of champions, I was able to concentrate on their provisions. There's an obvious institutional bias towards pancakes here, and I'm more of a french toast or waffle kind of girl, but I've had a stack of their whole grain pancakes, and they are really delicious, and a few thousand calories less than their french toast, which is dipped in orange-cardamom batter. I think I had the french toast two years ago and I'm still drooling over it. Had the red flannel hash this weekend-beets, sweet potatoes, and bacon-and I think I have a contender for my new favorite breakfast dish besides Cröonchy Stars (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cr…). Their muffins are super fluffy and the strawberry jam on the table is oddly addictive. Pinning down the style of R&A's is somewhat tricky. It's definitely traditional, but not in a greasy spoon diner sense. It's definitely going for comfort food in a comfortable setting without anyone named Dolly serving you. Part country rustic, part Berkeley...and if you score a table outside on a beautiful day, it's all parts heavenly. With this genius new timesaving app, coupled with a burgeoning lust for brunch, I may just be virtually queuing myself and casually strolling to the Claremont more often.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,9/26/2012,234,155,6,14,9>My 100th review! I thought that Xplore Yoga would be the perfect place to review. I've been going to this yoga studio a little over a month with my sister. We got the 30 consecutive days of unlimited classes for $30 and although we failed to go to go everyday like we planned, we definitely got a great diversity of classes. Studio is nestled in a plaza across Newpark Mall. Very clean studio. All the classes are heated and the hottest it gets is over 100 for Bikram. My favorite things about Xplore is the community and diversity of the classes. Henry, Karen, and Cathy as well as the yoga teachers&students really help build the community here. Everyone is so friendly and helpful that it makes the experience that much better. The schedule with the instructors are posted online so people can plan accordingly.These are some of my favorite classes&instructors (updated!):Kristin/Power Vinyasa Flow- Her power classes kicks serious ass. Every single time, no matter how many times I take the class I leave looking like I ran the marathon in the pouring rain with hair completely drenched. Great class to strengthen the core. If you want a preview, go to the Vinyasa Flow class she teaches because it's 1 hr compared to the 90 minutes for power. Candance/Vinyasa Glow- OMMMMAZING! haha. Start and end with some chants and Oms with lots of stretching&twisting in the middle. This is such a positive class and Candance is such a bright instructor. Even if it's in the morning, I drag my butt out because I know I will leave glowing (lol). Kayla/Vinyasa Flow- Her classes is probably the most meditative class here. She's a sub but is at the studio pretty frequently (for her schedule: pathtostillness.com/the_…). I love the mantra reading at the end because my old studio did that and it's just a nice & positive end to shabsna. Henry/Bikram- Bikram can sound intimidating especially to first timers. 90 minutes in a 109 degree room. I was used to practicing hot yoga for only 1 hr, but Henry makes it really accomodating for everyone to get through the practice. It's the same stances, but only twiceAndi/Yin- Very chill class. I was recommended to take this class once or twice every month or so because it really releases joint juice. You hold the pose for a couple of minutes and really get into each posture. Kiara/Hatha Flow- Deep. Stretching. Did the some crazy looking Sundials and splits. It really makes you feel like very stretched and relaxed. I also like that there was a breathing exercise in the beginning and a ringing of the bell in the end.Tony/Crossfit Flow-Beware, Tony's class will kick your ass, and your ass will love it. I could only do his class once a month because my recovery would almost last a full week, but it's such an awesome class. 1/2 will be spent doing power yoga and the last half will include you doing a variety of crossfit reps with a bar (or a rolled up yoga mat if you're a cheater like me). It's definitely a class to check out, especially for those who want more of that intensity!Bring a towel, mat, and water (or you can rent/buy for $1) but most of all, willingness to xplore & sweat! I can't wait to continue practice here to expand my practice at this welcoming studio! :)
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,9/25/2012,42,355,1,7,6>Me and the husband just lunched here today and were pleasantly surprised! We usually hit up Telegraph Avenue to get our Korean fix but we live not too far from here and were excited to have a Korean place nearby to try out. They are only open until 4 pm though so really it's only an option for brunch/lunch. Their menu includes a lot of standard Korean dishes...sundooboo, noodle soups, kim chi stew, rice plates, jap chae....etc.We ordered the Korean Noodle soup (we chose spicy) and the porridge along with the kim bap. The ban chan was of good quality and there was a good number of them...I want to say it was 7 or 8 dishes? They were all tasty and made well. The Korean soup was probably the best dish out of what we got. The broth was flavorful and the spice level was not overly spicy. the noodles weren't soggy and the soup bowl is pretty large. We are spicy food fans so we probably could have gone with it being even spicier, but of course they probably didn't want it to be overly spicy for those who are a bit more sensitive to that kind of thing. The porridge was good, pretty much tasted like we expected it to...nothing out of the ordinary, but good. The kim bap was well made...fresh and a nice mix of pickles/vegetables inside if you are a fan of pickled veggies. The service was really friendly and pretty prompt....which is more than I can say for a lot of other Korean joints we've been to. Service is usually spotty at Korean places, but here the ladies were friendly and kept our teacups filled.We'll definitely be back to try some of their other dishes in the future.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,9/24/2012,518,346,3,10,6>Amount of food + exemplary service + reasonable prices = Will definitely be back!I always thought Korean food was a bit overpriced in the Bay Area (I am used to LA's korean food), but this place really hits the spot! There was a bit of a wait at 8pm on a Friday (to be expected), but it was well worth it. I ordered Bibimbap ($10.95), and my friend ordered Kim Chi Fried Rice (~$10). With our entrees, we received a cold noodle soup as an appetizer, as well as an array of 15-20 side dishes, and a rice drink after our meal! (Pardon my ignorance, I am not Korean so I do not know the official names for these dishes.) We also had brown rice green tea---a given for most restaurants, but they charge for that shiz in SoCal. I am a big eater, so if a restaurant offers small portions, I am not hesitant to say so. But I was so full from everything that I barely touched my entree -- I took home a whole take-out box's worth of Bibimbap. The service was also exemplary, especially for an Asian restaurant. Waiters would stop by and ask if everything was okay, and were quick on water refill/tea refills/everything else. They were extremely friendly, and I was very impressed. A far cry from the pouty faces I encountered in SoCal Korean restaurants. :)
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,9/23/2012,299,1732,4,9,6>Get a serious cup o' tea here.  Loved my dark roast oolong, Shan Lin Xi.  If you're not sure how to handle the serving process the staff will help you.  I was pretty ignorant and helpless.  Check the matchaffogato.  Perfect sweet treat and a few generous dallops of Three Twins vanilla ic.  The coffee is Intelligentsia.  They care about serving great product here.  Great place to chit chat or as I observed, study.$11.00 for tea and dessert.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,9/22/2012,333,495,6,10,6>Wow, I'm French toast wasted right now. Came in for brunch on a Saturday morning. Right when we pulled in the parking lot it was packed! A sign that this place is good. The wait was about 15 minutes. I used that time wisely to "study" the food being made in the kitchen and read up on the menu. I had a hard decision to make. When we were seated a server immediately set down waters and asked if we wanted coffee. A minute later our friendly waitress came to take our order. I ordered the French toast combo which came with 2 slices of French toast, 2 eggs and 2 pieces of sausage or bacon. I ordered egg whites and chicken apple sausage. Within 8-10 minutes our food was placed in front of me. I have never experienced service that fast. The place was packed and still pumped out food at the turn of a hat. The portions are ginormous! The French toast was very thick and moist. It didn't need heavy butter nor syrup, I added a little strawberry jam. The egg whites were typical. The sausage was sweet with chunks of apple and it was not greasy. The food is good stick-to-the-ribs grub. Don't expect fancy here it has it's own casual charm. The prices are great for the food quality and portions. They have some inexpensive weekday breakfast and dinner specials.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,9/21/2012,327,431,10,21,14>This Casbah rocks! Literally & figuratively. After giving my baby an unexpected tour of Downtown Livermore we could hear the music beating down the block from a few blocks away. It led us to what just so happened to be "belly dancing night". Maybe I'm getting old but the music was ridiculously loud. Like club level loud. Also, I enjoy watching a pretty lady shake her groove thing just as much as the next perv, but the confined space here isn't exactly conducive to belly dancing. I guess if my only complaint about a restaurant is that the atmosphere is too lively, they are doing a pretty damned good job.My first amazement was that the words "Vegan" were printed on the menu. Not unexpected in normal cities, but in Livermore, it's unheard of. I think the only other place that uses the word "Vegan" in Livermore is the small pizza chain, Zpizza yelp.com/biz/zpizza-live… The fact that they use a soy-based meatball substitute in several of their dishes is much appreciated. Although honestly I think there has to be a better substitute that could be used. Maybe a Gardein product of some sort? We ordered a Falafel Platter & the Gormeh Shabzi featuring the aforementioned soy meatball. Our very attentive waitress surmised that we were Vegan when she brought out some pita with hummus yelp.com/biz_photos/jirO… Later the owner, Benjamin came out & talked to us explaining that he used to be Vegan for eight years. He also informed us that most everything is organic as well. Now all this Vegan friendliness in Livermore started to make sense to me. He also treated us to a dish that we didn't order insisting that we must try it, a bowl of Fesenjan. It instantly became my GF's favorite dish of the night.The Falafel Platter yelp.com/biz_photos/jirO… included five balls of falafel, two pita pockets & enough fixin's of cucumber and tomato to form two sizeable sandwiches out of it. The falafel was extremely seasoned & flavorful without the heavy deep friedness usually associated with a crunchier falafel. It contained almost too much seasoning to eat without hummus. Which is ok because that's the only way to roll with these balls.The Gormeh Shabzi yelp.com/biz_photos/jirO… was much more tart than I had expected. Although pouring it over the saffron seasoned rice yelp.com/biz_photos/jirO… tempered the tartness, creating a very flavorful entree.I'm very grateful that the owner brought out the bowl of Fesenjan yelp.com/biz_photos/jirO… since it ended up being both my GF & my own favorite once we were both stuffed at the end. The sweetness from the pomegranate based sauce was mellowed with the flavor from the crushed walnuts that permeated this dish. When we were about to leave, our excellent waitress asked if we would like any dessert. My dessert loving sweetie jokingly replied, "only if you have something that's Vegan". She laughed & mentioned the Turkish Coffee. We declined but then she returned with yet another surprise, Faloudeh yelp.com/biz_photos/jirO… It's a sweetened mixture of icy Rice Noodles with Rose Water. I'm still on the fence if I would order this or not. It has a rose flavor that's more than a hint but less than a full kick to the senses. Very interesting & it was also very sweet. Maybe next time we'll try the Turkish Coffee instead. I'm certainly glad I got to try it.Yes there will certainly be a next time since as a Vegan stuck in Livermore, there isn't many places that cater to you. They really go out of their way to accommodate using authentic Persian foods and a little creativity. Looking at their menu has me wondering what I'll order next visit... casbahexotic.com/vegetar…
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,9/20/2012,236,360,5,8,6>This place serves up the second best burgers I've ever had. Let me explain the type of burger I look for:-Perfectly greased slightly toasty bun (If you've tried Umami's, their buns are way too soft and buttery)-Tight, thick, juicy patty that does NOT fall apart. All the juices are sealed inside and the patty is not crumbly.Once I was in Oregon and had a burger like this(which is the best burger in my memory). Since then, I've been looking for a replacement wich no luck...until Disco Volante. They also give you a side of bacon jam which seems to be all the rave, but honestly, you don't need it. The flavor of the burger is already good. No fancy stuff going on here...just a damn good burger. The reason I give it a four and not a five is because everything else I ordered was not good. The wiener was served with good quality sausage, pretzel, and fresh mustard, but the flavors didn't go well together. The pretzel was salty as hell and did not mesh with the mustard at all. In the end, I ended up just eating the sausage with the mustard. But when I pay over 10 dollars for a dog, I would hope that it's good just the way it is. I also tried the chips for appetizer which was not great. If the description above sounds like the kind of burger you like, try Disco Volante.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,9/19/2012,94,155,3,11,5>Born and raised in Hayward, I'm more than pleased that OTG has brought food truck heaven to "the heart of the Bay".  Food is my love and with the best of the best food trucks located mainly in SF, or even Oakland area, it's just way inconvenient to go so far just for some good grub on wheels.I did not stay very long, as I went straight for Curry Up Now and their paneer tikka masala burrito.  I've had cravings for the PTM burrito for months upon months now, so it was all I needed to make my night a successful one.  It took a solid 35 minutes to get my food, but that first bite makes it all worth it.  Even a friend of mine who originally declined because he was too full, got one anyway to see what the fuss was all about and I later received a text that said "my taste buds love you right now!"  I don't lie.  The thing is derricious.Only complaint is that it is crowded as hell.  If more trucks are truly going to join OTG Hayward, they will need to find a new location because I really don't know how they can fit another truck or more people in that small lot.  This caused the lines to be a bit confusing and you really had to figure out if you were standing right one.  That's my only complaint and I hope that OTG is here to stay!
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,9/18/2012,289,458,9,6,4>It's Orgasmic, I mean ORGANIC!!!It seems to be the never ending catch phrase amongst the local hippies and "do your body right" positive promoting folks. But reality of these things are that ICE Cream is just as harsh as cigarettes to some people and really labeling it as Organic is only there to make you feel like you're smoking rainbows when indeed you are still injecting you self with sugars and fats much like tar and other elements when smoking.....But really we are not here to rag on that, we are here to talk about the amazing adventure of flavor! Who ever thought of Basil ice cream can surely have my first kid, well not really, but my goodness is that some amazing shit! Not only am I a freak when it comes to basil, must have when it is present on all menus, but to have a tasty cool treat such as ICE Cream with such a flavor; well fuck have you ever seen  this: youtube.com/watch?v=qIWw… Basically this is what happens when you trying this Organic Ice Cream!!!Yeah seriously this is just that amazing! And yeah, I've used that reference before, sue me.But in the end when I'm sitting fat and happy with organic ice cream filling the my belly to the bursting point, with several cool ass flavors to boot!Go for it, you'll kiss this review later for having plunged into such a glorious adventure!
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,9/17/2012,192,333,7,11,7>I tried Sam's about a month ago and I'm kicking myself for literally living down the street from it most of my life and never trying it!!! I had their basic cheeseburger with grilled onions and a pineapple shake; the burger was juicy and larger then I've seen in a while from a burger joint but the pineapple shake stole the show! It had chucks of pineapple and it was super creamy, I didn't really want to share it with Justin C. If your cruising through San Leandro and craving a burger, pull on up to Sam's, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2012,9/16/2012,216,408,4,9,8>Frozen yogurt...? No. Ice cream....? Nope, not that either. Well after my first bite I likened it to a more thick smoothie consistency mixed with some great nutrition-- fruits, berries, vitamins, minerals, acai, you name it, it's in that bowl. Oh let's not forget the oh so crisp, crunchy granola.I've had the Vitality Bowl twice, without banana, cause I'm allergic. (Which they do for me without headache each time.) After they've finished mixing the choice of your flavor for you, they come out and hand you the bowl themselves with a spoon or lid if its to go. Customer service here rocks and I can't wait to try other bowls. In my opinion, they are filling, perfect for after working out, and different than the froyo cravings and ice cream jonesin. Come here for a nutritious but damned delicious vitality bowl. You might walk out feeling like you've done something good for your body and realizing how yummy it was at the same time.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,9/15/2012,726,863,13,13,11>My first time here was after a relaxing hot tub session at Piedmont Springs. So, you know, it's the kind of place where you can walk in while sporting a track suit and wet hair, but still get service. I mean, I wouldn't do it on a Saturday...but Wednesdays? No worries.They have an awesome selection of beer taps. Most of this selection is from Bay Area/Northern California craft breweries--that's a nice touch. I liked that they had Drake's Alpha Sessions. (Though that's a limited release--don't count on a repeat appearance). Speaking of taps, they rotate some of them regularly. I've been a handful of times and I always seem to get a new one each time I visit.The ambiance is pretty comfortable. When the poor befuddled bartender brain farted and forgot to get my order, he let me have it for free. They have a pool table and they take credit cards. It's what I would call "Divey, but Accessible." Everyone seems to cream themselves over the Indian food. It ain't my cup of tea, but to each his own. However, if you see me sitting at the bar, keep your damn yellow curry away from me. The smell of turmeric makes me yak worse than the esophogeal burn of cheap tequila. They also have cheap tequila.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,9/14/2012,223,178,2,10,5>Ladies, if you're looking for an affordable nail salon with awesome work, don't hesitate to make a stop here. After many years of jumping around from salon to salon and only seeing sub-par results, I am utterly relieved to find this place that has never disappointed me! I would not go anywhere else for my nail needs and you can bet that I swear by this place!Jim, the owner of this salon, is a pro at what he does and has always impressed me with his meticulous attention to details. He's also personable and genuinely friendly which makes it an even better experience every time I go in to get something done at this salon. He's by far my favorite manicurist that I have ever gone to and trust me, I've gone to many! The rest of the staff are also very friendly and I've never had a bad experience with them ever with the pedicures. Definitely make a stop by this place the next time your nails need some lovin'! :)
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,9/13/2012,76,293,5,5,7>Take the Delorean back to the past ... Like Marty McFly you will find yourself in a diner on Main Street wondering what year is it? It's a time where everyone is friendly, the menu is simple, the food is tasty and served with a smile and some banter....ahhh the good ole days!We love coming to Victoria's for breakfast. We are early risers so we try to get breakfast on the weekends early before the big bunch crowd.....and even Victoria's get a crowd early! Even with a crowd the staff is super friendly and the food is consistently good.  Love their corned beef hash. And their hash browns are perfectly cooked crispy on the top and edges ....most and soft on the inside.  Can't wait to go back!
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,9/12/2012,133,439,7,13,11>What a great local institution in the Haystack! Ladies and gents, say what you will about Hayward, but there are actually many GREAT restaurants in this city that will save your pocketbook and keep you full and happy.I've been coming here for YEARS, since they were at their old location on A Street. I had a couple qualms with the location, but NEVER the food. After they moved to their new larger location, Favorite Indian is definitely my favorite for great Indian food in all of the bay. They do have a location in San Ramon but, it's definitely more expensive and more bougie! The location in Hayward is like Grandma's hug...warm, friendly, and comfortable! The food is fabulous and so are the prices. Favorite has one of the best Indian dinner buffets with the widest selection I have ever seen. For $13 and some change you get a selection of the tried and true dishes like Chicken Tikka Masala and Butter Chicken to homemade Paneer, Spinach, and even Mango Ice Cream (bomb). My favorite ever is the lamb korma and the tandoori items...but I also LOVE LOVE...LOVE the garlic naan. Ladies and gents, come here...I promise you will be the happiest ever. Everyone that I have ever taken here always loves it and asks to come back whenever they visit. It's just simple, good food at a great price. You'd be crazy not to try it!
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,9/11/2012,506,510,8,12,11>Came out to "Dancing under the Stars" in Jack London Square to practice our Salsa Steps for a wedding on Saturday night. I was surprised at the turnout, it must have been 300 or so dancers from beginners to experienced out to have fun. My friends had been attended frequently. During the summer it was every Friday from June until August 8:00 and 10:00 pm.The two teachers from Linden Street Dance Studio were patient and they went over the steps until everyone felt comfortable. There were lines of people dancing in a line format and they switched partners after learning the steps. I stayed with my partner so we had it down. Don't watch you feet!From the Basic Steps to leads and turns. So fun. I have had some classes but this setting was different under the lights and evening stars. After the class they had open dancing.Cost for the lessons and dancing...Nada. Take a date or bring some friends.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,9/10/2012,91,181,27,12,11>A throwback barber shop in the East Bay seemed suspect.  Then again, a throwback-ANYthing in the Bay area seems suspect--Usually a magnet for what people lovingly and disparagingly call "hipsters."  ::Cue the "folk" band of rich, city-kids dressed in "down-home," bluegrass-style clothing playing in a washboard band like it's1890 North Carolina and NO ONE is actually living off of their parents while they finish their 12 degrees in Astro-social-Afro-scrapbooking::Like most first impressions, mine was wrong!  To set the scene: Temescal Alley is an off-shoot of the Telegraph Ave. swath of retail/food spots in North Oakland, between 40th/51st.  Vintage stores, antique spots, and art galleries are peppered throughout said alley and Temescal-proper.   Convenience-store parking lots meet gourmet food trucks meet upscale yoga studios meet Korean markets meet Church's Chicken.I'm biking down Telegraph at 9am on Saturday with a twisted hangover.  I haven't had a haircut in months, and it's SUMMER!  I have three things: a gift card to the "cool hip barber with the old-fashioned chairs," a mop of hair on my head that's starting to feel like a raccoon-skin hat, and a bad attitude about being awake at 9am on a Saturday, choking back vomit, to get my free haircut at the "cool hip barber" (Their other hours are during my shameful 9-5 life).I arrive, sputtering, at 9am, with morning mist still ascending from the streets, to find that while most businesses on Telegraph are quiet, Temescal Alley is alight with men in their 20s and 30s who look like characters in a Mark Twain novel.  And one butch-girl.  In other words, all is right in the East Bay.  What, pray tell, are these folks doing at 9am in Temescal Alley?  Why, they're waiting 2 hours to get their haircut at Temescal Alley Barber, of course!I walk past the barbershop pole into a tiny room with three sinks, three chairs, three patrons and three gentlemen, busy cutting hair. The barbers look up to stare at me, wordless. Awkward silence and stares in unison: The customary Bay Area salutation."So is there a wait then...?"  I ask, smiling."Yes that's the list," says the younger barber with a dramatic part cutting across the side of his head.  I turn and see 15-20 names scrawled on a chalkboard."Do you know about how long a wait?"Dramatic part-man chuckles smugly and shrugs "Meh, it's about 20 minutes per person."  I do the math as best I can with my hangover. An hour and a half."An HOUR and a HALF?""At LEAST," he replies, forebodingly."Is there a better time to come back?""If there is let ME know!" he snaps...the other 2 barbers chuckle. So, I turn and storm out, mumbling, audibly, "@&%# this, I'm going to SUPERCUTS!"  Three Mark Twain characters who are reading outside glare at me with disdain.  I think about supercuts.  I think about $18 as opposed to using my (free) gift card.  I shamefully dart back inside and scribble my name on the chalkboard.Back on my bike, I roll on over to my friend's apartment to cvetch about my "hipster haircut" that is taking me an hour and a half.  I hash out my bad attitude, have some tea, and get back on my bike to show up, again, at the Temescal Alley Barber Shop.  The mob of Twain-characters are gone, and only a couple of people linger outside.  My name is up, and it's time.  I'm intimidated, since I'm about to have a man put a knife to my neck, whom I just insulted by saying I was "going to @$%# supercuts."My barber is the strong silent type, which was GREAT for my bad attitude and hangover.  With little verbal communication, he confirmed that I wanted my hair the same way that they do it at supercuts-- "short...but I guess it really doesn't matter."    I had obviously brought my expectations for supercuts with me.The ensuing haircut was nothing short of magic.  Inmate-dude had RIDICULOUSLY SOFT HANDS...covered in various religious tattoos, but they were soft as Jesus!  He proceeds to make calm, deliberate cuts with his Jesus-hands as I look around:  3 barbers, an old-timey portrait of a mustache-man, and a cabinet with bourbon for patrons.  I swallow vomit for the second time that morning thinking about bourbon!  Just then, Jesus-hands presses a warm towel onto my neck, and my brain explodes with bliss.  When I regain consciousness, I see this is prep for him to shave my neck with the scalpel-looking tool.  When he's finished, I have the perfect (mens) haircut-- long enough on top to work with,  short enough sides that wont grow too quickly. Not any particular style, but can be styled.  In retrospect, $22 bucks for this haircut is an INSANE deal.  Prepare to wait, but then its only 3 more dollars than supercuts, for luxuries like warm towels, booze, Jesus-hands, AND a salon-quality cut. I wanted to judge this place, but I will absolutely be back, with ACTUAL money.4/5 stars, simply for the long wait, difficult hours, and no appointments.  Still, it's an INCOMPARABLE experience at a fair price!
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,9/9/2012,97,200,7,6,6>Oh Elmwood Cafe...Why haven't I tried your food earlier?!? WHAT WAS I THINKING????I go in often enough that most everyone knows me by name, (because I shamelessly gawk at a certain baristo) and insanely have always passed on food.Until now.If you are thinking that they may be baiting  you by listing the ingredients on the menu...you are right. And hook, line, sinker one breakfast morning I dove head first into their frittata, chai latte and raspberry coffee cake.I had to remind myself to come up for air at one point.Simply heaven. Divine. Rich cheesey spinach red potato perfection (the frittata) And warm, crumbly sweet goodness. (The coffee cake of course). Now my passing on breakfast habit may have to change if this is what I've been missing all this time.  I'm seeing more food here in my future.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,9/8/2012,340,339,7,8,7>This is the place that helped me get over my (what I now realize to be stupid) aversion to sushi.  One of my best friends (whose taste is close to my own, and whose culinary guidance I shall never ever question again) finally convinced me to give it a go 4 years ago. Was she ever right!  Sorry, Nemo... Fish are not friends, sushi is!The Lion King Roll is what I started with (since it was not raw fish) and everything else after that was just happy food. Ruby Hill, OMG Roll, Spider Roll, and Rainbow Roll are my go-to orders.  Their sashimi is fresh and plentiful, too.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,9/7/2012,732,444,16,12,14>I dig these digs.The ambiance is old school and completely out of place on this Oakland street, which only makes it more fun. The bartenders are attentive and incredibly talented. When I asked for a drink rec, Mr. Mustachio whipped up a phenomenal Vieux Carre - a cocktail born in New Orleans (he informed me) made with rye, cognac, vermouth, bitters, and my new favorite liquor, Benedictine. Delicious. The ambiance is fresh, funky, classic, and warm all at once. The lighting, the back-lit bar, the wallpaper, the high tables and booths in the back are all purrfect for a night out.It's a little too loud for me - I wanted to sock the screaming, give-me-attention drunk guy in the face, but somehow refrained - and simultaneously refrained from being the as*hole patron who asks the bartender to turn down the volume - and instead agreed to scream at my friend for the two hours we hung out here. Other than that, I'm happy to have found a great place for a late-night drink... despite the fact that I should clearly be home knitting, since loud noises make me grouchy. Just give me a few more years before I retire my shot glass!!!
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,9/6/2012,16,247,4,7,8>Gorgeous dark and steamy bar.  I like to call these sort of places an old world man's bar, but it's so not just for the boys.  Every inch of this place feels like owners John or Doug had spent hours making it just so.  from the plush leathery & brass tacked armchairs, couches and heavy duty bar stools, to the purse/coat hooks under the bar.  the velvet flocked wallpaper, the 2 painting of the same nude--even has a flat screen TV but discreetly tucked away flush to the walls in more lovely dark stained wood.  The drinks are cocktails, or whiskey.  There are a few beers on tap, but really, if you wanted beer you'd be around the corner, right?  No, here, you want to sit back and nurse a well crafted drink.  There is a list of their delightfully crafted cocktails--and I highly recommend them. I don't even really drink hard alcohol anymore, and I thoroughly enjoyed my classy poison with relish!There are DJs in attendance--check their website or FB for more details.  This place makes me wanna dress up to match the joint. Class act, all the way!This bar is clearly a love affair of the owners, and be prepared, I understand that there is an upstairs that they someday will be doing more with.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,9/5/2012,367,292,8,13,10>I was simply put, blown away. Stopped by while killing time before a Friday night out. Figured, if I was going to spend the evening hours destroying both my brain and liver, I might as well try and squeeze some edu-macation in beforehand. Assuming since this was an Oakland establishment, it would be small, cute and quaint, I'd be able to breeze through it in a matter of 20-30 minutes. Nothing against my city of birth, but we tend to do things in smaller and more unique way than our spoiled cousins to the West. After an hour in just the first gallery I realized two things, I was going to need to come back and this was the best museum experience I have had in years. It doesn't fail to keep you intrigued and even down to the smallest detail in decor. Maybe not the greatest place for kids as there is a lot of education to take in and 2 of the 3 galleries I visited were marked for adult content. Will easily become part of my regular culture time as it is much closer to me and a lot less expensive.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,9/4/2012,457,309,6,8,5>Having been here enough times now, I now know for sure that I love Make Westing.Firstly, as a bar, it's very attractive.  Has some open-air space and is well-lit (for a bar at least -- not TOO well-lit where you can see everyone more clearly than you should for a bar, but well-lit enough for you to be able to tell what's in your food, should you order some).  It also has the most diverse crowd I've seen for a bar -- all different styles, all different races, all different ages -- and everyone's super chill and enjoying themselves.I also love the bocce ball.  It adds an element of fun and whimsy to the chill atmosphere here, and it allows you to do something other than the usual drinking and talking.The cocktails are nice and strong, but the big surprise for me (and the reason why I'm writing this review) is that the FOOD is amazing.  The kitchen is small so the food does take awhile (expect a wait after you order), but once you get it, you'll be pleasantly astounded that the nourishment going into your mouth is scrumptious and well worth waiting for.  I split the BBQ pork sandwich with a friend, and I couldn't believe what I was tasting -- it was SO GOOD.I was so shocked in fact that I even turned to some people sitting near us, eating an entire meal, and asked them how their food was.  They replied that they loved the food here and all the food here was good.  I thanked them and said, "I just wanted to check that it wasn't just because I had a couple of drinks that this tasted so good!"  The pork cheek and shoulder was amazingly tender, and the BBQ sauce and the rest of the ingredients made this sandwich addictive.  Seriously, I have been thinking about this sandwich since I've had it.I know I'll be back to Make Westing -- so far, it's my favorite bar in Downtown Oakland; but I'm surprised to hear myself say that I will also be back for the food!  Whether for food, drinks, people, or bocce, come check out Make Westing if you haven't already!
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,9/3/2012,151,211,5,7,7>You know you have a good haircut when at least 5+ people compliment you on it. Many thanks to the fabulous Wendy and Lhiza for making my mop look extra perky for that special event I flew home for!I met these ladies at a yelp event at the Cotton Mill and while I feel quasi bad cheating on my regular stylist, the location of Glow is just SO much more convenient to where I live in the Grand Lake. Parking wasn't too bad either.I had a crazy, crazy bang trim a few weeks back (see Great Clips review for details) and was debating flying home with what had grown out. In my better judgement, I made a last minute stop in to Glow. Boooy was I glad I did. Seriously, these ladies are miracle workers. During said Yelp event the day after the bitty bangs, they were able to work them into a 50's style pinup updo. The haircut was no different. They were able to cleverly hide my awkwardly grown out bad boys like true masters of deceit. I like the feeling of Glow. When you walk in you really feel like it's a comfortable place. Nice lounge-y couches. Water was offered. The ladies know their stuff and I think that's what's the most comforting. Also, given the quality of the work, the cuts are VERY reasonably priced. First timers get a discount as well! I'll be back and if you need a great cut or updo, look no further than Glow!
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2012,9/2/2012,767,878,10,10,10>Tiki Lounges, I thought were made for 40 somethings going through a mid-life crisis.Boy did I thought wrong.A good friend of mine brought me here to try one of his favorite drinks (which is probably obvious to a majority of the Yelpers reading this review).Macademia Nut Chi Chi Tiki Cocktail. Did not taste like those Macademia nut candies, somewhat tangy and sweet but it hit the spot. Especially after two stiff ones, lemme tell you.The Zombie and Monkey Pod Cocktails were honorable mentions. If anything the Zombie is what tipped me over the tipsy scale.This place gave me one more reason to visit Alameda more often. I might just do that, even after work one of these days.One of the biggest cons is, service was extra slow (super busy night) and it can get pretty cramped even in booth seating. However they did manage to adjust my bill which I found very appreciative.Cheers. 4.5 round down to 4.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,9/1/2012,610,620,9,13,11>You will not find a better breakfast experience anywhere. From the moment our strong, freshly brewed coffee hit the table (with real nuggets of raw sugar!) - to the second we reluctantly said goodbye, we were in a state of pure dining bliss. The staff is welcoming, friendly, retro, and fun. We had multiple people checking in on us, re-filling our coffee, etc.We ordered the pain perdue and were fully expecting to wait 20+ minutes for it to be prepared and filled the parking meter accordingly.  To our pleasant surprise, everything arrived within a couple of minutes.I started out with the bubble & squeak. Take it from a girl that doesn't have a huge affinity for greens, this breakfast will keep you strong to the finish. I had my eggs poached and they were divine. The incredible balance of salt, heat & savory of the dish was dialed in, right on "perfection".Half way through, I slid my plate over to the Mr. and he returned the favor with a slice of the pain perdue. I cut off a piece, dredged it through the berry wine compote and took a bite. I was instantly transported back to sitting at the kitchen table on my Grandma's farm, and I literally felt myself tear up a little. Suddenly, the term 'comfort food' took on a whole new meaning for me.This is absolutely my favorite breakfast spot on the planet.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2012,8/31/2012,449,368,17,25,21>The battle for HK café supremacy in the Tri-Cities area has been heating up as of late. However, try as they may, none of these valiant upstarts (most not even worth mentioning) has been able to put a dent in the armor of the reigning king of these parts, Venus Café (yelp.com/biz/venus-baker…). Lo and behold, another brave opponent has stepped into the fray, this one bold (or naive) enough to set up shop... right across the street.Newark Café takes this location near 99 Ranch that has seen a gamut of various restaurants come and go over the years. Do they finally have the winning formula not only to take on the juggernaut down the block, but simply just to stay in business, period? For starters, the Chinese name (Man Kee) and menu are very similar to D&A Café  in SF (yelp.com/biz/d-and-a-caf…) and 8th Street Café (formerly D&A) in Oakland (yelp.com/biz/8th-street-…). Could they possibly be related? Although not known for the greatest of food, D&A has been a mainstay for many years, and name recognition alone could go a long way.Based on a quick lunch date with my mom on Wed, March 28, here are a few random thoughts:Food: The two items that we ordered were actually quite tasty! Mom had shrimp with lobster sauce over rice (yelp.com/biz_photos/UrqC…), which she found to be plenty delectable, with the right amount of juiciness, and an ample amount of shrimp. The two mounds of rice are served on a separate plate. This, along with many other items, can be found on the $5.50 menu.I, of course, tried my staple at HK cafés, baked pork chop over fried rice (yelp.com/biz_photos/UrqC…), which is part of their MWF lunch special (TTh is baked chicken steak over fried rice) for $4.75. To this day, none has been able to come even close to toppling the long reigning champion, the aforementioned Venus Café, but dare I say... this rendition puts up a pretty darn good fight! Although it does have bones, the pork chop is actually quite meaty, with a minimal amount of fat. The fried rice is also almost to Venusian levels, and the sauce is not too heavy. Overall, it tastes much cleaner as well.My mom also had the milk tea, and said it was pretty much on par with the rest.Service: Whoops...I almost forgot. This word should never be included in reviews of Chinese restaurants. Nary a smile or a thank you, but hey, they get the job done.Decor: A lot of furniture looks slightly worn, so I'm not sure if this was carried over from the previous restaurant. It is more likely imported from a different HK café, as the bench seating (yelp.com/biz_photos/UrqC…) is very typical of these establishments, and takes me back to the ones in the mother city, HK. There are four big flatscreens strewn about, some still with the plastic cover still intact, but they were not turned on when we visited.The rest of the facilities look like they were just inherited from the prior tenant with minimal remodeling.Of course, I have only been to Newark Café a single time, so I will definitely have to follow up with more from future visits. The bottom line is that even though Goliath is only a few short footsteps away, Newark Café has compelled me enough to stray away from there, and come back for more. Competition is always good, and it's refreshing to know that HK Café restauranteurs are finally realizing the potential in this area, which is a definite win for us all.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,8/30/2012,17,113,10,13,10>Vegans, rejoice!  The gods of all things animal-free have reached down and blessed Oakland with another destination eatery.  And I mean it.  Organic Soul Live is just three blocks from the 11th St exit of the 12th St BART station, so you have no excuse not to make the trip.I'll tell you where it is, so you don't have to guess at it like I did -- at first I thought it was in the tucked-away plaze behind the NW corner of 9th and Webster, but I was wrong.   It's actually on the west side of Webster, north of 9th, inside the frozen yogurt shop Tutti Frutti, which closes at 6 while Organic Soul Live is open from noon till 9.Anyway.  You've made it to this little pop-up eatery.  The owner-operator --a charming gentleman, new to the area-- asks "What would you like?"  And... What do you order?  From experience, I can tell you *anything*.  I got the combination plate and it rocked my world.  Curried tofu over rice, raw greens, and mac 'n' cheez, garnished with mushroom bacon.Two words:  Fucking delicious.The to-go container was piled high. I expected leftovers for breakfast, but once I started eating I couldn't stop.  To call this vegan soul food is to miss the point.  This is food cooked by someone who I'm guessing grew up eating soul food but has since developed a personal technique that shines.  This is internationally-inspired down-home cooking.  This is something you've probably never had before.  Not like this.As soon as I was done wolfing down my dinner I began planning my next trip.  I'm not kidding.  It's that good.You DESERVE to eat here.  You DESERVE it.  Do it.  Now.  For yourself.  For your children.  For your children's children.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,8/29/2012,342,397,4,5,5>My favorite grilled chicken quesadilla suiza in the Bay Area.(This is actually the only place in Oakland/Alameda that I visit regularly when I'm craving Mexican.) The flavors and portion will make you smile and your wallet will thank you for the attractive price of $5.25. If you just want a quick bite, hit the taqueria. If you want to try the BEST michelada in the Bay, order a spicy one with Negra Modelo at the restaurant side fo the building. Perfect. Flavorful. My lone gripe is the tv situation. While I don't mind the most gorgeous latinas on earth on the big screen via telemundo, I would like the option to watch the San Francisco Giants when no one else seems to be in the building. Somehow their cable provider has 500 channels and not one of them is CSN. Lame.Oh well, check out the quesadilla and michelada when you have a chance and enjoy this hidden gem in Fruitvale.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,8/28/2012,297,409,7,9,5>No doubt about it, Souley Vegan is delicious. Not sure if it's nutritious, but it's probably a lot better for you than regular Soul Food. Even so, you'll want to lick your plate clean. The Southern Fried Tofu is flawless. That golden, crispy coating on the outside is good enough to eat on its own. Sadly, the mac and cheese was a little cold, but still tasty. The yams, collard greens, and mashed potatoes are all excellent. The fried okra is heavenly, and probably one of my favorite things on the menu. The hot sauce they have on the tables is a nice touch, although it's a bit sweet. I would have maybe liked something with a bit more kick. Only one minor tweak: make sure that the food comes out warm, at the very least. The prices have gone up a bit, so my Groupon deal didn't go as far as I would have liked. Still, my dining companion and I both got a belly full of vegan goodness. Now it's time to loosen my belt, relax a bit, and then hit the treadmill.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,8/27/2012,193,936,8,8,8>This was the 2nd stop on a midweek wine tasting in the Livermore Valley. I enjoyed this winery as soon as we turned in the driveway to reach the tasting room, and rode along the dusty road that skirted the vineyard. There were quail running about and the prettiest big brown rabbit was sitting at the end of the row a grapevines. The rabbit did not run and would've made a prizing winning photo, but alas my camera was still in my car at P's house.The two people pouring were the owners and it was interesting to hear how they started the winery. All the 10 wines I tasted were wonderful, each one better than the last.  Now, I never end up drinking most of the wine that I buy, but these were so good I purchased two bottles, a Zin and a Cabernet Franc and had to argue with myself not to buy the Red on Red. Then realizing I had missed the picture of a lifetime, one that without a doubt would bring me fame and fortune, it seemed to make sense to join their wine club so I would have a reason to come back.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,8/26/2012,157,385,4,6,5>I debated for a few days on what to dedicate my 100th review to, and while I was jogging this afternoon, I found myself staring right at it: our community park.I've called Kimber Park my home for more than half of my life, and Buena Vista Park is an irreplaceable facet of this community. It's small, quaint, and has everything you could want in a small neighborhood park. The playground has swings (my favorite!), with two big kid (adult?) and two baby swings. There's a playground structure, complete with slides, climbing bars, and a tic-tac-toe wall. Oh the days of Hot Lava Monster! There are two wooden benches to rest your weary legs, and a rough basketball court with one hoop.The expansive green field with huge trees decorating the edges of the park makes the park an ideal spot to play sports, bring your dog, or just lie on the grass and chill. I've seen people fly kites and throw frisbees, and around the perimeter there is the occasional biker and jogger--hopefully, that'll be me more often haha. I have yet to see the park filled with people to the point of noise pollution and people congestion, which contributes to the serenity of this spot. There is no parking lot, but most visitors are local community members, and there is parking along the borders of the park for those with vehicles.The park closes from 30 minutes past sunset until dawn. But, between you and me, some of the best moments in this park are at night when you and your friends can sit on the swings, stare up at the vast night sky, and marvel at the beauty of the peace, leisure, and life.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,8/25/2012,245,193,4,4,4>Ok, ok, it's about time I write a review, I mean I've only been here at least 10 times since I've discovered it ;)I've only come here for one thing, Pho and judging by how good theirs is, maybe I'll give some of the other items on the menu a try, but for now, it's all Pho all the time!The owner is very friendly and knows me by name every time I come in (I think he even remembered my name on the second or third visit!). I am the opposite, I forget names all the time and will probably eventually forget my own as I get older :PThe Pho here comes only in one size EXTRA LARGE, which is good for when you skip breakfast like I did this morning and are starving. Most of the time though, I can't finish the whole thing and will ask for a take-out container so I can have leftovers the next day.Hot tea and iced water are complementary and I get one of each every time.How much is that bowl of Pho in the window you may ask? After tax and tip, your talking less than $9Craving a piping hot bowl of Pho and your in Fremont? This is the place to go, hands down! See you again soon Pho Saigon!
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,8/24/2012,125,257,6,9,7>Gluten-free baking has come a long way, baby. I've recently been advised by my doctor to avoid gluten, and see how I feel. Reluctant, is the first thing to come to mind! But okay, I'll do the full elimination diet. Truth be told, I do feel better. I was ready to cry into my grainy, non-holding-together muffins, when I found Mariposa.First- it smells like bread when you walk in the door. BREAD. Good bread. Which I didn't exactly expect. Second- all of their food is labeled! I'm also currently avoiding sugar, and have to avoid eggs and dairy anyway, due to allergies (I KNOW.). I was not looking forward to getting into it with the employees, about what I can and can't eat. Lucky for me, it's labeled super clearly!I bought a loaf of bread and two frozen pizza crusts (!!! YAY PIZZA). The bread is honestly, very VERY close to glutenous bread. It tears like regular bread, toasts like bread, and has delicious flavor! Winner. I anticipate keeping a loaf on hand as a staple (for $6, in the freezer!).Now though, let's talk about the people. I've been in a couple times now, so I know this isn't an anomaly. The people working there, in the craziness of a Saturday in Temescal.... are cheerful! Kind and helpful, patient and knowledgeable. WOW! What a treat! I asked if the chai had sugar in it, and the guy offered to sift the sugar out for me! Now THAT is service, folks. And it doesn't feel like 'service', it feels like they really want you to be happy, and will do stuff to do so, even if it's weird or off-label, as it were. I love Mariposa! Last time I was there, I bought their vegan cookies- they call them something else but I call them Mexican wedding cookies. They are AWESOME and so light and yummy- these people know the sweets, too. Viva Mariposa!
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2012,8/23/2012,92,256,12,16,9>BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS!!!! I have found my new Sunday brunch spot! Beautiful Caña, across from farmers market right in the heart of Lakeshore.  I already mentioned primary reason which was bottomless mimosas!  Next is its a Cuban restaurant, closest to Puerto Rican food that you can get.  The food was ok Ive had better Cuban.... Tried the scrambled eggs mixed with pork and beans, an empanada which is a must try and a bite or two of a cuban sandwich..,Service however was spotty..but Third off like live band Sundays can't beat that!!! What a great way to start a Sunday or end your weekend! Can you imagine that Live music, good food, and bottomless mimosas?? SOLD!!!!! needless to say I was on the dance floor by my fourth mimosa!!! Ill def be back,,maybe next Sunday!P.S. Reservations are recommended as this place gets packed and average cost with brunch and mimosas is about $40 per person..Note to Caña: Get a better hostess thats cute and smiles and that isn't rude and has people skills.  Trust me it will help the business.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,8/22/2012,333,166,7,6,6>Wowza, I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place yet! I LOVE Viks! I frequented them even when they were at the previous location (in the same neighborhood, more or less... or maybe even the same address?!). This place is straight up street comfort unique food status right here. You'd think a grab and go place wouldn't be anything special, but this place is.Loving the new setup they have now. Previously, it sort of felt like a high school cafeteria (sans the bully shaking you down for your lunch money). Now, it feels like... a high school cafeteria, BUT at some newly built tech high school (sans the guys trying to get you to join the robotics club)! Has a bright and fresh feeling to it. Even the hand driers in the bathrooms are amazing! Decor of this place is top notch.But you're not here for the decor. No sir/ma'am, you're here for the food. The food here is great. If you're a vegetarian, but are craving something savory and even fried, man do they got some awesome stuff. My two personal non-meat favs here are the bhatura cholle and the masala dosa. The bhatura is this giant fluffed fried dough, served with chutney on the side. You basically tear off a piece and dip itin the chutney. Awesome! The masala dosa is a delicious crepe stuffed with either spiced potatoes or vegetables. Ughhhh, this thing is wonderful. I could live off of these if they promised eternal youth! You get chutney and sambar on the side, making this already tasty thing even better. My personal favorite meat dish here is the chicken kathi kabob. Spicy chicken wrapped in paratha, served with chutney. One of these, and I could call it a day, honestly. Only downside to the chicken kathi kabob (and other great dishes) is that it's only served on the weekend. Immense sad face when i'm in Berkeley on a weekday :(((If this place was open later (like, if I could hit it up after a round at Jupiter or Albatross), it'd be perfect. It might get crowded sometimes, but you'll usually be able to find somewhere to sit. And if it's next to some cute Indian girls, even better (This having happened to me once)!This place is also ridiculously cheap. Not sure if I mentioned that :DDo you live in Berkeley? Are you a new student or maybe a tourist? Stop reading this review already! Go to Vik's NOW!
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,8/21/2012,1466,372,8,18,17>Even with their unpredictable menu and long line (75% of the time), I still don't have any complaints.  Actually, I have more compliments which merit the upgrade in Ici's rating.I've tried several new flavors since my 1st visit and I've narrowed my favorite to two, thus far: 1st - Candied Cacao Nib and 2nd - Coffee N' Cookies. Orange Creamsicle Sherbet came as a very close 3rd. I also really liked Horchata Ice Milk and Honey Lavender.  I tend to stick to generic flavors, like Coffee and Rocky Road, when buying pints at the grocery store so it's definitely a treat to try the unique flavors at Ici.  Some of their offerings sound totally off the wall (ie. grapefruit-mint mojito and coconut thai tea) but those are the ones that are worth trying.  Ici offers unlimited tastings so keep an open mind and taste away! MUST get the cone!  If you want 2+ scoops you can get a cone with cup. Just don't cheat yourself out of these divine cones.  They're made fresh daily and available in small packs for purchase.In addition to scoops of heavenly goodness, my hubby continues to try their different flavors of ice cream sandwiches.  I also love their Vanilla Bean Shortbread which is available at check-out. At only $0.75 each, they are a steal!  Don't be intimidated by the long line - it really is worth the wait.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,8/20/2012,233,334,6,9,7>I've been here quite a few times over the last few years and it's still pretty popular. Their mojitos are awesome and a pitcher goes a long way between 4 people. With one glass I'm pretty sure you'll want more after you're done so if you're here with a group might as well go for a pitcher or 2!  The watermelon one is my fave and the mulato is next because I looove Sailor Jerry!Our waitress was awesome! We ordered the paella for our dinner entree and we told her we were going to share it. When it came out she asked the chef to split it so we each had our own little plate! That was very thoughtful of her!  And it was probably one of the best paellas I've ever had!  Plus, you've gotta try the chimichurry steak or the shrimp (or halibut) ceviche! All delicious dishes.Excellent place for:1) girls night out2) date night3) I wanna go out night4) I wanna mojito night....... Happy HouR!!
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,8/19/2012,153,109,8,6,7>Every time I think of this place it makes me crack up! I came here with a couple of friends for dinner.  The place had a nice size crowd, it was pretty packed, but still enough room to squeeze us in.  We ordered a few rolls and they were pretty good.. but that's not what I'm here to talk about.First off, the location is great ... right across the way is beautiful Lake Merritt. Second the customer service was amazing.  We were acknowledged and seated fairly quickly and our food was out in no time.  Finally,  bottomless Sake...yes, I did just say that. The Masu sake (only $3.50), is a wooden box that is filled to the brim with Sake.  Hiro would not let that box deplete for the life of him.  My friend tried to outsmart him by moving her box to the side when he came around, but he was 2 steps ahead of her.  Once my friend thought he passed us up, Hiro came behind her and poured her box full, followed by an "I gotchu!".  It was hilarious!!   Hiro is one funny guy... be prepared for a good time. ;)
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,8/18/2012,291,487,8,18,11>I got to play hooky the other day when BART shut down.  Of course the first thing I thought of was, "Who wants to meet for lunch?"  Luckily my parents were available & wanted to treat me to some Turkish food.  Sign me up!My folks are visiting Turkey soon and the owners of this establishment are very friendly & more than happy to throw out their recommendations of places to see & eat in their country.  My parents just love that stuff.  The more info they can acquire before a trip the better.  We had a lovely, leisurely lunch.  We started with the combo meze appetizer which consisted of baba ganoush (delicious, smoky eggplant spread), hummus, ezme (tomato/cucumber salad), dolmas, garbanzo salad (with a great lemony dressing), & tabouleh.  It is served with fresh, warm lahvosh bread.  I liked all of the mezes but especially the eggplant spread.  How do they get it to taste so nice & smoky?For my lunch I had the chicken adana wrap, which is spiced ground chicken cooked on a kebab & added to some lahvosh bread with tomatoes, lettuce, & a side of sauce.  I liked the taste, although it was a bit dry.  I found myself adding sauce for each bite.  Instead of fries & decided to get the soup of the day which was red lentil.  Yum!  It was creamy & delicious.  Definitely recommended.  My folks both really liked their lamb dishes, but I don't eat lamb so I didn't try themI also got to try some Turkish beer, Efes.  I got the dark beer which was so good!  Good enough that I just had to have 2 with my lunch.  Sure beats being at work!
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,8/17/2012,330,444,13,15,16>Combining 3 awesome things......1.) Airstream Trailer 2.) Delicious Coffee 3.) A (plant) Nursery What an adorable setting to enjoy a cup of joe and do some shopping while you sip. Or take in the views without making any purchases at Flowerland, though it might be hard to resist just onnnne little plant or gift.  Just mosey into the entrance of Flowerland Nursery, and you'll see the big Silver Bubble with windows open at the side, a beaming barista face inside, ready to fix up with your favorite caffinated drink.  Delicious drip coffee for $2 8oz.  My only suggestion would be to add some sort of trash or recycling receptacle near the coffee fixins'.  ***Goes on Inspired Caffeine Induced Inspirational Stroll of Nursery*****
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,8/16/2012,126,1452,13,17,17>When you're greeted with home made Biscuits and Strawberry Jam you know you've found an amazing Sunday lunch location.Our last visit here was when it was the former restaurant and well, we weren't so impressed.We sat upstairs near the bar.  (Duh!) Our waitress was fantastic!! The best waitress that ever waited in the world I might say.The first cocktail was the Goodbye Jack.  A classic sour cocktail that I just adore.  Limey and mmmmmmm good.  Even on a cold day.I ordered a pasta dish that I cant remember the crazy Italian name.  I do remember it was supposed to have a White Wine Sauce but mine was served with a red Marinara sauce.  It was good but not what I expected.Second drink was the Pom Martini.  Good and simply classic. Wasn't as good as the Goodbye Jack.The last drink was the Moscow Mule.  My least favorite but still good and had an interesting color.  Sorry, the Goodbye Jack was the winner of the day.I also came back alone on a work day lunch.  I went with the Rainbow Trout with Winter Veggies.  It had a lovely little Mango Salsa on the side.The dish was delish!  It usually comes with Rice but I asked for extra Veggies.  I loved it.  God it was good!!!  I sat alone at the bar and was attended to by the bartender.  Again, service was excellent.Open Sundays, toddler friendly, good food and well you guessed it, good cocktails.  I'm pretty easy if you think about it. This Sailor meets those standards.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,8/15/2012,119,108,21,20,20>BOOM.  Another solid four star eatery in Oakland.  What's new?No reservations, a balmy Saturday evening, an appetite and a thirst.  Enter Chop Bar. 20 minute wait.  Gimlet with a beer chaser.  Ginger Greyhound.  Papardelle with pork ragout.  Oxtail Poutine.  Brussel Sprouts.  Macaroni & Cheese.The food was good, obviously.  How can you go wrong with oxtail poutine?  Talk about extravagance in the arena of food.  Just when you thought FRYING a high-starch root vegetable to a golden crispy brown in a vat of boiling oil wasn't bad enough, it is piled with CHEESE, Fiscalini Cheddar to be specific, then smothered beyond recognition with GRAVY, which (I know you don't want to but I'm going to force you to analyze the components right now) consists basically of fat, salt, flavorful liquid, and yet more starch.  Make that a gravy made with oxtail--a very gelatinous cut of meat that's been swinging off of a steer's butt.  So there you have it: Oxtail Poutine.  High fat, high salt, high flavor-- of course it's friggin delicious.The papardelle was outstanding.  Rich porky flavor with the right noodley bite to stand up to the shreds of meaty goodness.  Again... if you've missed the mark with pork ragout over pasta, you should just give up and reconsider the entire concept of cooking.  Allow me to dissect-- a fine cut of pork, also known as part of that damn tasty animal called PIG, roasted and simmered with tomatoes, a fruit/vegetable that is such the cornerstone of so many sauces and other tasty dishes that any ol' Joe Schmoe can buy a six-lb can of it at Costco (no wholesale restaurant license needed), just the right kind and amount of spices to cut through the meat and burst onto your palette like a Vegas showgirl's opening act, back-dropped with a pile of wide toothsome pasta ribbons to foil the richness.  Need I say more?  Clean up on aisle five.  Someone's drooling.Let's not even get into the macaroni & cheese.  We could be here for days.  I do have to admit the brussel sprouts were really sweet.  Overly sweet for my taste.  And by "overly sweet" I mean the maple syrup overshadowed the natural flavors of the brussel sprouts so much that I really thought I would die from excess of sugar salt fat and all things bad for you.Add five pounds immediately gained, a funny bartender, a badass chef (think South Park but with an exuberant stark white crop), and you have a pretty good idea of how my gastronomically heavy evening went.  Pretty good, man
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,8/14/2012,38,101,10,6,9>Antica squashed any doubts I had about not liking flat-bread (Roman style) pizza.  So crispy, chewy and tasty!  The ingredient selections are plentiful and they'll happily do anything to make your ideal pizza amalgam a comestible dream.The dough is vegan friendly, so all of you anti-speciesists have quite a bit to work with here.  And they have superb salads -- especially the Young Field Greens with Fresh Herbs and Toasted Pine-nuts.The pastas, gnocchi and meat entrees are an unanticipated encounter with felicity -- totally worth coming for even if you're not the slightest bit interested in pizza.The wine selection is vast and their specials never disappoint.  Always served at perfect temperature.And put your lips around any of those desserts -- they're out of this world, especially the Vanilla Bean Panna Cotta with Huckleberry Sauce and Pine-nut Biscotti.Curiously, I've never seen the same waiter more than once.  I've been here enough to suspect that employee turnover is high, or, they hire a good amount of employees to work only 10 hour weeks.  At any rate, four out of five times the service is stellar, perceptive and efficient -- but when it's bad, they lack all of those.  Which is why I'm knocking off a star, Pizza Antica.  Take note.And apparently this is a 'chain' restaurant?  They have two others in the Bay Area and one in Santa Monica, but I guarantee you'd never guess or feel it.  I didn't find out until visiting their website.So, drag your pretentious friends that are stuck in 2004 with the deep-dish craze and bitch slap 'em with some flat-bread -- you just might get away with it here.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,8/13/2012,334,415,11,11,10>At the risk of having to downgrade every other place that serves pho in Berkeley, I am forced to go out on a limb and just 5-star this place. Is it the best I've ever had?  Nope. But is it the best in Berkeley?  HELL YEAH! It wins by a billion miles, no contest.The broth here is so clean, just pure goodness. Walking past the kitchen to the bathroom in the back, you can see piles of ginormous bones used for the broth, and it's obvious that a lot of time and care goes into making this soup. Whether it's the traditional beef pho, chicken pho, or bun bo hue, I've never left with an oil slick in my belly, nor dying of thirst from salt/msg overload. The prices and portions are just right, and if you need something light, the salads are perfectly balanced as well. The service is warm, charming, efficient, and prompt. p.s. - Diva music is ALWAYS playing unobtrusively in the background, with Whitney on heavy rotation. bonus!
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,8/12/2012,777,1202,9,19,14>It's been 5 years since my original review, so it's time for an update!  This is hands-down my favorite neighborhood restaurant - it's my "go-to" for Thai food.  They are consistently delicious and if you ask for spicy, they give it to you!My favorite dishes include Crispy Tofu - instead of fat blubbery chunks of tofu like some places give you, you get these thin, crispy, almost pressed before fried, triangles - they go great with the peanut dipping sauce.  They have excellent yellow curry, all the curries are quite good.  The Pad Prik Khing (spicy green beans) is great with tofu and the sauce is delicious and spicy and complex. The Pad See Ew is delicious - wide, smoky noodles (with tofu!) with delicious flavor.  The Pra Ram is also very good - on a bed of spinach and cabbage (varying seasonally).  Hands down, my favorite dish is Pad Asparagus - good with fresh or fried tofu - and it's not always available, depends on the availability of asparagus (the ladies now tell me when I go in for lunch if it is available!).   Pad Broccoli is also very delicious if you are loooking for something more wholesome - the broccoli is bright green, not ever overcooked, and the seasonings are not overpowering the natural tastiness of the vegetable.The coconut soup is really excellent - and they are happy to make all the dishes 100% vegetarian, just tell them to leave out the Nam Pla (fish sauce).If you go here for lunch - they have great deals for lunch plates, all around $8 for rice plus your choice from the lunch menu (like pad asparagus - yum!).It was here that I first had Thai iced tea with lime, hold the milk - at the suggestion of one of the ladies who work here.  This is now my most favorite drink and I ask for it in all Thai restaurants - more flavorful (and fewer calories) than regular Thai iced tea with the over sweet condensed milk.Sabuy Sabuy features a great little outdoor patio which is every enjoyable on a sunny afternoon - the high fence protects it from any westerly breezes and the afternoon sun warms it up nicely.  The people who work here are genuinely nice - but there always seems to be a language barrier beyond ordering your food, so please be patient with them and let them do what they are good at!Parking might be an issue - as the restaurant is right on College & Broadway, try going around the back and parking in the neighborhood - you can walk up the sidewalk that runs up between back side of the restaurant and the parking lot for Wendy's from Hemphill.  Coronado is one way toward Broadway on the west side of the restaurant, but if you go down College, take the first turn to the west (downhill/toward downtown) onto Clifton, then onto Desmond - you can go onto a little one-block long street called Hemphill which is right on the back side of the restaurant in a cute little neighborhood of Craftsman cottages for non-metered street parking.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,8/11/2012,662,352,4,9,10>What a treat it is to have an excellent theater on this side of the tunnel. No need to always head into the City for a play or a foreign film.Conveniently located just steps from Downtown Berkeley BART, a block from AC Transit, and with a parking garage across the street, you have plenty of transportation options to get you there.I've attended performances here over the course of a number of years. As a student, at some point I even had discounted season tickets with excellent seats.They always bring in big names from Salman Rushdie to Rita Moreno to Mandy Patinkin. It's humbling to know that Berkeley can attract such talent. We're just that hip.Some of the most memorable productions that I've seen were: Ghosts (2003/2004), The Miser (2005/2006), and most recently, Red (2011/2012). There are two theatres where you can enjoy the shows depending upon the performance: Thrust and Roda. Each one allows for excellent views no matter where you sit.The actors are talented and staging is always done well. Each time is a different experience, and I've always come away with a new perspective on things.They have an excellent concessions bar with reasonable prices, and I enjoy my time during intermission.It's especially fun to attend an opening or closing reception, when their outdoor patio is open and excited theater-goers mix and mingle with one another over drinks and sweets.In addition to live theatre, Berkeley Rep hosts various film festivals.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,8/10/2012,783,516,25,18,20>I have a strong aversion to vegan anything. Sorry I'm not sorry. A few years ago I made a vegan chocolate cake and it was awful, so I swore off anything vegan, ESPECIALLY vegan desserts. BUTTER IS MY BEST FRIEND, GUYS. After much deliberation, I made an exception last year to try "Neatloaf" at Ananda Fuara in the Tenderloin and I hated that too.  NO MORE VEGAN, I told myself. So this is what happened when I discovered Cinnaholic:(Realizing that this place sells custom cinnamon rolls and is only a few miles away from me)*I'M SO EXCITED!*(Clicking on the website)*I'M SO EXCITED!*(Seeing that it's a VEGAN cinnamon roll place)*I'M SO...SCARED.*Where's Zack Morris to hug when you need him? Dreams. Crushed.I was no longer excited to try this place. The yelp reviews were so good, but they had wronged me before when I got suckered into trying that awful "neatloaf" in the city. "DON'T BE A SUCKER! Vegan means no flavor and weird textures! " I told myself.But then I saw that they had a deal on Living Social and that bargain-loving gene that comes programmed into all Asians overcame me, and I bought a voucher. Two rolls for $5. That's a darn good deal, no?So, as devout lovers of cinnamon rolls, boyfriend and I made the trip to Cinnaholic, expecting to be underwhelmed by these cinnamon rolls. At that point, I had forgotten that they were vegan, and while looking at the extensive icing list, I kept thinking to myself, "WHERE IS THE CREAM CHEESE?!" Then I remembered that it's a vegan bakery, and then I kicked myself again for buying the deal and probably let out a big sigh inside the middle of the bakery. Boyfriend ordered the chocolate chip cookie dough, I got the special of the day, which was a caramel apple pie cinnamon roll. We came, we saw, we hesitated, we ate.And we loved it. Boyfriend logged into his phone and bought another voucher on the spot. These rolls were fluffy and delicious, and I didn't miss any animal byproducts at all. Whoda thunk? I actually thought the chocolate chip cookie dough roll was TOO RICH. A VEGAN DESSERT THAT IS TOO RICH. Yes, it exists at Cinnaholic.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2012,8/8/2012,151,178,11,18,11>Wine Mine is a fine find for a variety of vino. But if that ain't enough to uncork your bottle, may I pass along this Yelp-sourced extra goodie for you:Saturday wine tastings. $1 for five wines. Today was a Spanish-wine theme. I may never get to make the trip to the actual country, but now my tongue has walked on its grape fields. The five-fold selection of samples was not just compelling, but affordable. One of my favorite selections of the sample quintet cost like $7 a bottle. Wow.Wine excellence aside, I just love that the Wine Mine carries a impressive number of gluten-free beers, and purchased two bottles I have not heard of nor tasted yet.A beautiful and warm afternoon, good people, and samplings of delightful wine. Not too shabby. Thanks to our ambassador Nique for a delightful CMYE!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,8/7/2012,206,442,10,11,11>I am practically giddy to report that Sauced is truly a FIVE star restaurant!!!My dad and I had a dinner date last night (Wednesday) and for months now I have been eager for him to try this place.  He is a man therefore he likes bbq.  He is my dad therefore I want him to be happy.We arrived around 6:30pm, were greeted warmly and immediately seated at a table in the bar area.  Our server was Courtney and she was ON IT.  So friendly, knowledgeable and accomodating.Mint Juleps ($9 each) seemed like the way to go so we both ordered one.  These puppies were strong and refreshing but could have used a bit more mint.Now came the real test.  We wanted to try as much as possible on the menu so we ordered two combo meals (one-item combo at $14 and two-item combo at $18).  Here is the verdict:-Burnt Ends: Ever since I saw these on a Food Network show I wanted to try them and they didn't disappoint.  I even had some leftover to make a sandwich with today.-Ribs: Delicious and devoured by dad.-Brisket: See above.-Beans: Amazing.  Believe the hype!-Fries: If you like shoestring (which I do) then you will love these.-Mac & Cheese: Yummy.-Coleslaw: Just okay for me because I like mine with a little tang.-Cornbread: Really tasty but a small side of butter would be nice.-Sauces: My favorites were Hot Tin Roof and Georgia Gold (the latter would be great stirred into the cole slaw).Yes, the prices are a bit steep but you are also paying for the atmosphere which is undeniably fun.  So, come on, Livermorons...get Sauced!
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2012,8/6/2012,338,1028,4,12,8>A week later and I still have only fond memories of our pre-theater dinner here.We had a 6 pm reservation but were running a bit behind. I called and the man who answered was gracious and told us not to rush. I believe this was the same man who took care of us for most of our meal. After being seated, I mentioned that we were seeing a show at the Lesher and he said, "no problem. We will be sure to expedite your orders." We ended up with plenty of time to get to the theater. (Only about a block away.)We started with drinks and I opted for a Bombay Saphire Martini which was prepared perfectly. My dining companions specialty cocktails were also very good. We split the beet salad (ample portion and delicious) and I ordered the octopus and prawn risotto for my entree. The dish was so good with a nice hint of spiciness and lots of tender octopus bits and topped with a bunch of whole prawns. We wrapped things up with the goat cheese panacotta w/ balsamic sauce and blackberries. Yum.Service was fantastic from start to finish and the chef came to our table to check-in with us about our meal.Our total bill with three cocktails, a salad, three entrees, and a dessert was just under $120. Quite reasonable for such a great meal in a lovely restaurant. Ottavio has been added to my list of favorite WC restaurants!
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,8/5/2012,122,179,7,9,8>If you need an impress-her date spot, this is it. The grounds boast incredible scenery that would have inspired the Bard himself. My jaw literally dropped as we walked up the hill and saw the space open up before the dazzling sun with the most magnificent trees guarding the perfect picnic spot just for me. The twinkling lights above and the carpet of foliage embrace you in a welcome home from the worries of the life you left at the bottom of the hill.Extra stars for: clean bathrooms, better than expected cafe food, BYO food and WINE, lots and lots of wine!I have to thank Yelp for the opportunity to experience this treasure, and I can't wait for an opportunity to go back!
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2012,8/4/2012,68,137,7,4,3>Ever seen it dead at The Dead Fish? It's rare, especially on weekends. That might be thanks more to the classic Bay Area commercials than the quality of the fare, but the fare is more than fair, so there.Besides the stunning view of the bridge and arguably the best waterfront dining view in the East Bay, The Dead Fish serves up right-priced sizzling skillets of mussels and shrimp and "seafood tureens" featuring clams, shrimp or stew.  Forget the fried stuff and dead, land-loving animals. Order a skillet and a tureen at the bar, grab a set of binoculars and a Bloody Shark and, voila, your night just came alive at The Dead Fish.Need sustenance earlier in the day? The weekend brunch is known for the massive copper pan cakes, and, overall, it's a killer deal, which makes sense at a place with "dead" in its name.Avast, ye matey.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,8/3/2012,125,172,6,9,7>This place has a great feel to it. It is definitely more upscale than all the bars in Berkeley yet still feels very cozy. I absolutely love the outside patio portion of it and really can't wait to eat out there during the day (but I went Saturday and it didn't open till 5). They have an insane selection of whiskey which isn't my drink of choice but I had some and it was reasonably priced ($6 for about 2.5 shots). The bar tenders and waiters are super friendly. Seeing that whiskey isn't my thing, the bartender was super helpful in helping me choose one. Now about the food- so good. We ordered the fries which came in a bucket and had chipotle ketchup, garlic aioli, and curry aioli as dipping sauces. Loved the first two, curry just isn't my thing either. This was about $6Also tried the mussels which were delicious. The broth they come in was so good. The server brought us extra bread to dip it in. It also came with a side of fries too which was great for the leftover sauces. This appetizer was $12 which was well worth it since it came with about 20 mussels. I definitely see this becoming somewhere I will go whenever I want to get away from the younger crowds in Berkeley (not that I myself am older). But it's nice to pretend every now and then. I can picture it now-- me sipping on some whiskey next to the fire place, eating my mussels. Can't wait.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,8/2/2012,587,806,5,11,10>What a treasure this little shop is!I had stopped in here once before to just take a look and was quite intrigued with how quaint and endearing the place was. So, after work one Friday before meeting up with my bf, I decided to stop in and have a few glasses of wine.I sat at the bar and was greeted and helped by the very lovely Julie. She was extremely friendly and made me feel right at home. They have flights of rotating wines to try every Friday through Sunday. This Friday was a selection of red wines- one Cabernet, one red blend, a Chianti and a Zinfandel for $10.00 I am not a cab drinker so, I decided to pass on the flight and just have a glass of the zin presented. It was extremely smooth and delectable. I later had a half glass of the red blend which was absolutely divine!They really have an excellent selection of very unique wine's at an extremely reasonable price to purchase. I also love the fact that you can purchase a bottle of wine there and enjoy it there as well, with no additional charge.I really had an enjoyable time here and look forward to my next visit.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,8/1/2012,143,355,5,6,6>Customer service is beyond on spot at this sushi joint! I don't think I've ever had exceptional service at a somewhat hole in the wall/ dining sushi restaurant. The interior it's super clean and spacious. The tables and booths are long, so perfect for groups and couples. You're instantly greeted and seated once you enter the restuaurant, following promptly with a waitress who hands you menus and another who offers you on house edamane. Put in your order for drinks and they don't hover as you ponder the seemingly endless choices. TUESDAY IS LARGE SAKE FOR 99CENTS NIGHT (5-10pm) Sapporo comes in small and large, I know because I ordered! Menu is awesome. Clean not sticky and all the rolls and other food choices HAVE PICTURES. Just awesome, well-quality colorful descriptive pictures for visual learners, like myself. Kioku offers a lot of their own interpetation for rolls. There's a great variety when it comes to spicy and fried rolls, as well. The prices are decent and the portions are huge. Appetizers and entrees are offered, too. Baked Mussles- Delicous and well-baked. Not too much cheese, right balaced of cooked meat and cheese, with the green onions as garnish and the tobiko giving it a crunch. Five per plate.49er Roll- Surprised that there was no eel, but it's okay. It was topped with fresh tuna and wrapped around a california rol. It was stuffed with real crab meat and avocado. And a lemon wedge on each roll as garnish. Biszou Roll- Wrapped with soy wrapper and special sauce and rice, it was stuffed with fresh and NOT soggy shrimp tempura alongside with inmitation crab meat, avocado and cucumber. I'm not a superfan of the stuffing everything with crab meat, but the rest of the roll was delicious on its own. Fresh and well-portion gets my vote.  The setting was calm and not crazy, but a lot of families and patrons do come in and out to eat. They get good business and offer great services. Another thing, food comes out at the same time, which is good for me. It was quick so it wasn't like I was starving getting angry and demanding my food. Too full for desert but the mochi icecream looked pretty good. Until we meet again, I shall dream about the wonderful rolls inside my tummy. Haha a silly thing, they have this roll called the Nemo Roll which is essentially baked california roll with crawfish on top. I appreciate that they're honest and not calling it a baby lobster roll, but so wrong that it's a Nemo roll and they have a giant Nemo as house decoration in the front by the kitchen.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,7/31/2012,231,454,16,19,20>Qualification - these stars are for a tasty place that's not fancy, that maybe you'd visit as you're on your way from one place to another.  For a product that makes your mouth and belly happy, but perhaps not in a haute cuisine kind of way.What I liked:1.  The sliders are sufficiently small that you can assemble an order to match your hunger, from like not hungry at all to ravenous.  Little wasted.2.  The Niman Ranch meat on the meat slider was maybe the tastiest burger of any size I can remember having.3.  The tater tots did a little dance in my mouth.That's all I had.  Other people eating other things seemed to be having an equally good go of it.This said, may I ask you a question that came to mind as I was enjoying the meaty fruits of Niman's labours?  On the subject of food consciousness.  Michael Pollan's botany of desire and Fast Food Nation and to a degree Whole Foods and the rest are a product of the last 15 or so years, give or take.  They and the consciousness movement bloomed in the expanse that had grown between us and our food as demographics and population booms begat CAFOs.  That's Concentrated Animal Feeding Operations, feedlots.  Cows for days some on little hills roll up the windows that smells horrible let's not stop at McDonald's after all.A coalescence of health advocates and energy policy people and folks for the ethical treatment of the animals we are eating helped make businesses like Niman thrive.  But the lightbulb that formed over my head as I ate that tasty little slider made from cows that are brushed thrice daily and sung to sleep each night was this:Is Foxconn like a CAFO and if it is, why don't we talk about our mobile devices in a manner similar to the way we talk about food?I think maybe we should.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,7/30/2012,87,186,11,11,11>I just had THE best meal that I've had in MONTHS: the large salmon salad and pomegranate cider.The salad had fresh, big leaves of spinach, feta that was delightfully mild but still flavorful if that makes any sense, pine nuts, crunchy croutons, and perfectly cooked salmon mixed with sauteed red bell peppers. MMMM. I usually don't use salad dressing since I feel like salads can be made to be flavorful enough BUT the dressing that came with this was amazing! It was sweet and zesty.I'll probably get this the next time I swing by Jupiters.The pomegranate cider was also delicious but funny, it tasted very similar to my friend's raspberry cider. I wish that we had gotten our food sooner but hey, they comped the birthday girl's drink.Also, if it's your birthday, you race your server in a beer chugging contest and if you win, the beer's free. I've only seen the customer win once. I swear, the servers train for this shizz.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,7/29/2012,654,850,3,5,8>Every 1st Friday for a while now. For, like, over a year now? I had no idea. But the girlfriend did. She was way ahead of me on this 1 & had known about the Oakland Art Murmur since the very 1st 1st Friday.Still, she hadn't yet gone until this last 1st Friday & I went along too to check it out. Specifics aside, & there are more specifics than could ever fit in this review, the impression I was left with afterwards was "wow, how cool is Oakland?"Parking is a pain & it gets really crowded, but with so many galleries participating, you're guaranteed to see the craziest & coolest eclectic collection of art anywhere. For those who get hungry from all the street hiking going from gallery to gallery to gallery, there are food trucks galore on 25th St.1 important tip for showmanship is to "always leave them wanting more." This seems unavoidable with the Oakland Art Murmur. The girlfriend & I were there for hours & it felt like we barely scratched the surface. There is so much to see & do. There was so much left undone. We left wanting more. Which means we'll have to go back next 1st Friday.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,7/28/2012,158,78,10,15,12>My sister freaked when I told her I was taking her precious boys to San Francisco via Casual Carpool.  Oh, sure, she pretended she was fine. But then the phone calls started. I missed about three before I picked up the first voicemail. "Are you there yet? Everybody safe?"I can see her point. Their whole lives she has been warning her children not to talk to strangers, let alone *get into a stranger's car*. I was pleased to tell her about the nice elderly couple in the front seats and the three of us squished in the back. What I also tried to convey is that you can pass on the car before you if you don't feel comfortable. No hard feelings.Unlike my sister, I find the whole Casual Carpool concept fascinating. What an amazing pooling of community resources: those who want the reduced toll and carpool lane speed who don't have regular carpool buddies giving a ride to those who need a 20 minute ride over to San Francisco without the wait and expense of public transportation. The wait for a car or for other people to arrive tends to be short and you never know what the experience will bring: quiet commute or new found friend. It's a beautiful experience. Just don't try to convince my sister.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2012,7/27/2012,287,1009,4,8,6>Although this Sacred Wheel considers itself a cheese shop, the cheese takes a back seat to the soups and sandwiches. The classic grilled cheese and tomato soup is an everyday regular, with a rotation of other soups each day. The Friday crawfish stew caught my eye. You just don't see enough crawfish in CA! Aside from the grilled cheese, there's a handful of sandwiches from which to choose. The "Sri-Roppy Joe," a riff on a sloppy joe with Sriacha sauce made me look twice, but I couldn't get past the grilled cheese/tomato soup combo, and it didn't disappoint. Three cheeses, sourdough and homemade tomato soup made with PBR. There are also quite a few vinegars, jarred things and a section of Virginia made products, from where the owner hails. I was happy to find Hot Lips soda, from one of my old pizza stomping grounds in Portland. I've only found the bottled soda at one other place in the city, so it was a pleasant surprise to see it in the East Bay. I will be back for the Friday crawfish stew.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2012,7/26/2012,98,149,11,8,6>I've generally found that when Yelpers can reach a consensus, there's a reason for it. When there's a consensus that a place has bad delivery service, I can tell you from foolhardy firsthand experience that you had better not order delivery from that place! For a more sensible change of pace, I decided to order delivery from Amazonas, which self-evidently has received pretty positive marks from the notoriously scrutinizing Yelp ranks. I saw they had a special listed on their website for a 2-topping large pizza for 12.99, so I was all set to order my usual pineapple and pepperoni. Then, something caught my eye on their topping list, as if for a split second it had glimmered, calling out to me, alerting me to its presence. Maybe the site used a well-timed blink tag. Who knows. The important thing is that that something was BACON!"HOLD THE PEPPERONI!" I shouted (to myself, as I hadn't even picked up the phone at this point yet). "That pie is getting BACOFIED! Mmmmm-hmmm..."  Needless to say, I ordered a large bacon and pineapple pizza, and I was impressed to see it arrive well in advance of the 45-60 minute window I had been given. It was still piping hot when I opened the box, and everything about the pizza looked just right. Taking my first bite, it was actually still too hot (!!), but I knew I was in for a smooth ride the rest of the night. The bacon was perfectly chewy and crispy, the pineapple was sweet and juicy, and the sauce ..... the sauce is spectacular!Enjoy the bounty of the rainforest at Amazonas Pizza! All the intrigue of a trip up that mighty mighty river, without the risk of a shrunken head or a piranha bite!
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,7/25/2012,42,207,6,6,8>I have been a fan of Ike and Ike's since he started with the original hole in the wall in the Castro. That spot, that experience will always be the best, but I am overjoyed to have an Ike's in Oakland now!For anyone who knows what he started with it must be refreshing to have such a great space on Broadway. The bright blue benches out front signal that you are in the right spot. Step inside and you will be greeted with brightly colored chalkboards with meat sandwiches, veg options, shop favorites; you honestly can't go wrong with any sandwich, each one is an experience in itself. I was delighted to see a similar hipster group working the joint. As a girl from the Midwest I love any sandwich that includes coleslaw! And I enjoy any sandwich with a ton of sauces! Ike's offers many options - like Dirty sauce (ALWAYS get this, even in combo with other sauces), Godfather sauce, honey mustard, a french dressing type sauce, and the list goes on and on. I almost always opt for the Dutch crunch bread - it's the best Dutch crunch ever, perfectly crunchy on the outside and chewy goodness on the inside. The combination of tastes on every sandwich I have ever had at an Ike's is mind blowing. On the one hand I am happy they now offer half sandwiches because it's more than enough to fill a normal human being. On the other hand I love gorging myself with an entire Ike's sandwich! I used to purposefully avoid any carbonated drinks so I could fill up on the sandwich goodness. True story. Some of my favorites sandwiches (the first 3 being my all-time faves):Back StabberPaul ReubensTony SopranoEx-roommateJive TurkeyM.I.L.F.Mark CubanHot Momma HudaMatt CainGreat sandwiches. Friendly staff. Great location. Welcome to Oakland (please don't ever leave).
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,7/24/2012,1017,341,5,14,8>Came in for lunch again, as I do from time to time, and tried the tamago roll; it was different from the tamago I've had at other places, where it's just a small strip of rice with a slice of egg on top. This tamago was a really big, sizable chunk of egg, with the rice layered between the two pieces of egg, and wrapped in a sliver of seaweed. Pretty artsy, actually, and surprisingly good - I thought I was gonna have an egg overload but was pleasantly proven wrong.At the end of my meal (I had more than a roll but don't need to review what I've reviewed before) the sushi chef gave me a complimentary takoyaki, super hot and fresh. It had a giant chunk of octupus inside, nothing skimpy at all.Now, I don't usually dabble in food featuring tentacled sea-life, but I decided to try it anyway, to broaden my horizons, so to speak. I may not be a fan of octopus after all, but the takoyaki was pretty big and plated in a really lovely way. The chef told me they're going to be putting it on their menu very soon, so takoyaki lovers, here's looking at you.Great experience here as usual, and one that got me to try something I wouldn't have ordred on my own.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,7/22/2012,464,250,4,5,6>Lately I am loving Panama!I've been here before but lately have been reintroduced and forgot how great it is to hang out at the smaller known coffee shop in town. One of the first things *I* always notice when standing in line is the large poster board with high res photos of the staffers. It's a personal touch to introduce you to your barista and also offer a fun vibe.Obviously there's the usual perks of comfy seating, areas to bring along your pooch, wifi, and giant cookies...But this lil' coffee nook offers other entertainment as well, such as on weekends you'll most likely encounter religious mongers trying to preach their opinions, or any downtown festivals taking place with a front row seat outside. It's also a great spot to meet for a date when you need AM caffeine. :) For me, Panama is an "experience" and one I choose over the larger retail coffee chains. If we're talking about the quality of coffee, you can't beat the hand pulled style shots and other quality measures taken in similar comparison like Peet's. Very good drink quality, as well as smoothies available for girls like me that like to get something a little more unconventional.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,7/21/2012,204,145,5,6,6>The Curly Fries are out of this World!I'm not even a hamburger person, but there is literally no way to describe these burgers. They are really juicy, perfectly cooked with a lot of flavor.  They have so many options to aid to itssplendidness!This place has got to have the best burgers in town! I have never seen so many choices of burgers on a menu. There is a burger to fit everyone's taste. Along with the best burgers, they also have the best sweet potato fries and salads. Another good item is their milk shakes. They are a little thick, but who doesn't love a little thickness in their lives.The service is quick, real quick, and moderately affordable.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,7/20/2012,61,176,13,10,9>Hipsters please don't take this spot over ! I see you eying this place on the weekends with your bikes and big ugly glasses but don't do it. I love Farley's and if you stay I may be forced to leave.Farley's I love your macchiato even though it is shot glass size portion but tastes divine. Your food is superb but a little too expensive. I don't care that I have to wait forever for it, taking your sweet time, chatting up your friends/coworkers and dropping that lettuce piece by piece as if it had the weight of the world on it, each slice of meat leaving you contemplating the meaning of life, I mean I am at a coffee shop where else will I waste the day.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,7/19/2012,101,358,5,8,7>I was very impressed with the food at this new gem in uptown! When you step inside, you feel as if you're transported back in time. Decor is "diner-themed" with hipster servers. BUT, the food was very beautifully presented and of great quality. Every dish that we had was fabulous. The more we ate, the more impressed we were.With any new restaurant, you always get that anticipated "hype" that tends to not necessarily live up to expectations...this place actually DID. We had a variety of dishes:1. Oysters on a half shell with shramsberg mignonettes: fresh & delish!2. Duck on Toast: foie gras mousse with shitake duxelles (very good! it was a perfect balance b/t the foie gras and the shitake)3. Heirloom Tomato with pickled king trumpet mushrooms, dashi and tatsoi. (OMG! the presentation was reminiscent of le bernardin or french laundry. and taste was up there as well. I want to recreate this salad at home. it was soooo tasty and refreshing!)4. sweet potato gnocchi with shitake and oyster mushrooms and a brown butter creme fraiche: soooooo goood! although i didn't get the hint of the sweet potato, the gnocchi was delicious and it had crispy sage and lemon zest on it that provided another dimension to the dish)5. Corvina sea bass: hubby's dish and he enjoyed it as well. 6. Chocolate malted Mousse for dessert (also recommended by one of the servers): it was very good and generous portions. I would suggest you have it with coffee!For it only open for a week when we went, they were quite busy. Wishing them all the best. Looking forward to lunch & brunch opening soon! =)
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,7/18/2012,382,382,12,16,14>I was first introduced to Ale Industries at the Martinez beer festival when I greedily gulped down Orange Kush because it was a million degrees out and this cold inviting brew was a short line.  Next met Ale Industries at the Yelp Elite Event at Zaika, where they were there again pouring Orange Kush.  I recognized the beer immediately as I sipped it's easy orange and chamomile flavor.  Then, one night at Paxti's pizza in Lafayette, while hankering for some hef, I spotted the Orange Kush again and quickly ordered a pitcher.  So after the slow but promising relationship brewing with Ale Industries, clearly I had to visit their pouring room.  Walked in and was warmly greeted by the beer tender who ran us through the tasting menu for the day.  Since we were headed to a bbq, we walked out with 3 growlers: 2 Orange Kush and 1 Spring Fling.  Note to you coffee/chocolate loves, the Spring Fling is brewed with tons of local coffee and local chocolate giving it a mocha-ey quality.  Growlers themselves were $10 and then the fill was $10 so it isn't cheap but it's a pretty good deal for these special microbrews and  they were running some specials ($8 fill for their Rye brew and $3 pints of Orange Kush).  Also, if you fill 2 growlers you get the third fill free.Now allow me to act as the beer fairy and sprinkle some extra knowledge dust on you:***CHECK IN ON YELP: When you check in on Yelp you get a free pint (yeah you heard me....FREE***BUY THE YELP DEAL: As of today there are 19 yelp deals still available where if you buy a deal for $5 you get $10 worth of stuff....no-brainer;)***EAT BEFORE YOU GO: The brews are higher alcohol content but they go down easy.  This is not the beer to drink on an empty stomach and while the guys have pretzels to munch on, this a beer establishment, not a restaurant.Ok, new beer fairy-- out!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,7/17/2012,563,337,9,8,9>When I think of a "hot Italian," I usually think of hot Italian models and exotic cars....   I also think of Monica Bellucci... now, that's a Hot Italian!  But food?!  Never thought of food that way.  But then again, food porn is on the rise.I have to admit, I was tantalized, just a little, and got a little hot thinking that a HOT ITALIAN would be coming to the Public Market.  Especially since the Public Market is known to lack anything remotely close to hot.  The concept and set up is pretty darn cool.  They offer a large variety of Italian style pizzas, calzones, alcohol, pastas, and yes... they even have a  gelato section at the bar.  Oh, what a perfect way to cool down your HOT Italian experience!
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2012,7/16/2012,331,587,22,19,19>I can't believe that I just had my first encuentro with Encuentro. It blew my skirt up so high a la Marilyn that I'm still having trouble seeing straight. I was smitten at first sight. It's an intimate space with low-lighting, funky fab decor, and looks like a Portland kind of place. My gal pal and I came on a Tuesday night and were warmly welcomed in and given the choice of the bar or a table, and I was relieved that we didn't have to wait, though this would be a place worth waiting for. Wine was on the mind, and we soon began studying their New World wine list, which comes with some handy cliff's notes. Intrigued by the "smooth/vanilla/cardamom" description I chose the Velocity, a brooding and intense Malbec/Cab Franc. My much more sophisticated friend did the proper thing and went with white first, selecting one recommended by our waitress. I was impressed with their local but off-the-beaten-path wine list, featuring many from the Central Valley, Oregon, and Oaktown wines, rather than taking the easy route and going with Somnapa wines. My heart was already aflutter with their wines and generous pours, but the healthy and inventive vegetarian food really made me tachycardic. Their farro salad with smoked goat cheddar, which comes with a green salad, was wonderful and made me consider being a vegetarian again. Their dainty but filling goat cheese stuffed prunes were thick and gooey joy, and the avocado bruschetta with black salt just made me surrender all self-control. Consider my skirt and mind blown away. I wish I could move Encuentro to my neighborhood, though if I did I might be in a permanent state of indecent exposure. For now I'll be coming back to these parts. Apologies in advance to the regulars, as you might be getting flashed.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2012,7/15/2012,325,666,17,17,17>I have grown very fond of Zocalo over the past year. The staff are extremely friendly and take pride in their work. Prices are fair and everything tastes great. One of my new favorites is the Borgia. The orange oil is light and the mocha isn't too sweet. A great balance is achieved and it tastes just like those chocolate "oranges" that are sold around the holidays. The ones that have to be whacked on a counter to eat. However, no whacking is required to drink this tasty treat.The espresso is strong yet smooth, and goes great with the comfortable setting of the coffeehouse. Couches, reading material, and a kids play area make it a real neighborhood hangout spot. You'll find everyone from doctors to hipsters here. Anyone and everyone can feel comfortable.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,7/14/2012,313,779,11,10,10>A little background on me: I was athletic in high school, discovered beer and late night eating in college, and went back to working out regularly in my first couple of years working in Silicon Valley. Then I had a kid, a couple of sedentary years went by, and fueled by fears of someday becoming one of those moms wearing a muumuu, ordering fast food for dinner with a diet coke, and driving an Aerostar for the "leg room" (I watch Supernanny; don't judge me), I started to work out again. BUT - given the demands of a now 4-year-old and a career in finance (I'm also a single parent), my time was limited.Distance running was (mentally) therapeutic but was hard on my knees. I tried a couple of group fitness classes "designed for women", but those apparently assumed that the woman in question has not run laps or lifted weights since the Clinton administration. The alarming amount of capri leggings and Sketchers Tone-Ups unfortunately confirmed this. So, I started looking for inspiration elsewhere. I noticed that a couple of my girlfriends were regularly checking into a place called Perfect Balance. They're naturally hot, however, so I admittedly wasn't curious enough to check it out until I yelped it and saw that they were offering a free consultation. I was immediately at ease when I saw how supportive (yet driven) the atmosphere was. Right away, I decided I wanted to try out a class.I won't ruin it for people that have yet to check out the awesomeness that is the 4:30 session, but it is taking me at least 20 minutes to write this review, purely because my arms are hella F-ing sore and I have to stop every couple of minutes to stretch. I haven't felt this physically exerted in a long time, not even when i was attempting to do distance running. And yet I want more. I was gonna wait until my tax return came in to sign up, but I turn 31 next Tuesday, and per tradition (also because he's a workaholic who has no patience for shopping or sentiment, LOVE HIM), my dad usually just writes me a check. After coming home from Wednesday's class (ok keepin it real, I mean as soon as my arms recovered enough to be able to reach for my phone), I called and told him to make it out to Perfect Balance.SEE YOU GUYS SOON!
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2012,7/13/2012,375,578,10,13,12>Twinkle, twinkle, little star, how I wondered where you were all my life!Wow, cornmeal crust deep dish pizza pies! Need I say more?The location is great, the service is excellent and friendly, however during weekend dinner times, it get's quite busy and there's a wait, but if you can stick it out, it's totally worth it! Their menu has a great variety of dishes, they specialize in pizza, and it may just be my favorite sit down pizza spot! I can't wait until the weather gets better and I can come in and sit outside. They have a small sidewalk patio area and their front windows open up.They have some great beer on tap, a decent wine selection, and their pizza is phenomenal. I recommend trying the "Little Star" deepdish pizza. Their deep dish pizzas take some time to bake, so grab a drink or appetizer to start off while you wait. You can also order to go if you can't stick around. The pizza may seem a bit more expensive, but it's totally worth it. It may surprise you just how full it'll make you. Their deep dish pizzas are STACKED with fresh ingredients that will make your mouth water. Leftovers will definitely be coming home with you! If you have a little toaster oven, use that to warm you leftovers at home, it's so good!I am so happy that someone showed up to a bar with their pizza and offered me a slice. If I hadn't then, who knows how much longer my life would have suffered with Little Star in it. I can't wait to come back and try their other pizzas! Great place for a casual date or family dinner...stop on in for lunch or dinner!
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,7/12/2012,119,95,7,12,6>This review is for the cafe part of the business. While the $20,000 handmade table caught my eye, I opted for the large meyer lemon tart for $6... it was a tough call. Both the table and the tart were crafted by experts with great skill, my friend (who doesn't like tarts much) raved about it, she claimed it was the best she's had--I have to concur.The pastries seem to change often (they're all made on the premises), there have been a few popular items I've seen repeated, like the bacon date scone (haven't tried it yet), but every time I pass through,  there's something new in the case. All the (regular) coffee is pour-over from Verve (santa Cruz). Excellent taste, not something to chug. As much as I enjoy sitting at Peets on Lakeshore and watching people go by, the front entryway open seating area is much better at Monkey Forest Road; you can talk to passerby--a definite plus for Grand Ave.There's a few parking spaces in the back too!
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,7/11/2012,218,202,7,11,10>Fresh, Fresh and Fresh or Fresh3 is what this place should be called. Fresh, house-made sausages filled with delectable meats ( try wild boar, or lamb for a nice change), check.Fresh beer on tap (last night it was Firestone Union Jack IPA), check.Fresh, local art (D Young V, Nite Owl, Eddie Colla, Hugh Leeman, FIlth Grime for February's First Friday art murmur), check.Jason L and John M serves up delicious sausage made in-house with a side of potato chips and charm. Make sure you check this place out before it blows up and becomes the next over-crowded place you can only visit during the week.We had the chicken apple and whiskey fennel sausages last night, with a couple pints. I had planned on trying the merguez too, but the sausage sandwich was so big I barely finished the first. We were topped off with a Pepples vegan donut for dessert, which they were kind enough to continue supplying (due to public demand). All I can say is, for $25 for two (before tipping the sweet guys working), it's a very satisfying way to fill your belly and enjoy a beer for the afternoon or evening.With more beer variety coming, within walking (perhaps stumbling?) distance from our home, and being in prime 'First Fridays' art murmur territory, Telegraph won't need to broadcast it's message of delicious sausage sandwiches, local beer and a great art scene/local hang out joint. The patrons will do it for them.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,7/10/2012,143,256,6,8,7>This place has been on my radar for quite some time.  Decided to check it out during the Walnut Creek prix fixe meal week, and what a treat!  For 30 bucks I indulged in 3 glasses of wine, amazing pork confit, a fresh strawberry salad, and to die for cheesecake.  The vibe is sexy minimalist.  The confit was served in a cute mason jar, and so was the cheesecake, which was homemade by the owner.  The kind waiter assured us that the place was not normally so hectic, and that many people were taking advantage of the prix fixe special.  He said it is normally much more laid back.  A definite two thumbs up, I shall be back!
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,7/9/2012,333,495,2,6,9>Wow, just had a delicious dinner. Now I'm fat and happy while writing this review...Came out for their Wednesday $5 pulled pork special. It is normally $10, comes with a side salad or fries. For the portion and quality is such a steal for the price. Walked in around 6:30 and the place was PACKED! There was a wait list to sit outside but a free table inside. I was super hungry and if I don't eat I turn into a monster. So, it was indoor seating tonight. The server was wonderful and covered tables inside and out. Our waters were always being filled and she periodically checked on us. Okay back to the sandwich, it was served on a huge soft artisan bun with slaw. The bread was soft and soaked up the tangy BBQ sauce. I was in heaven. I had the salad as a side. It had mixed greens with cucumbers and a little balsamic dressing. I tried some of the hub's garlic fries which had huge chunks of fresh garlic and the fries weren't a greasy mess. Perfect amount of garlic and salt. The restaurant is very casual, family friendly and only serves beer and wine. The Prickly Pear cantina is around the corner if you need a hard spirit. The pulled pork special is only on Wednesdays from 5-9PM dine in and take out. Well The Little Pear sparked my taste buds and I will be back to try more.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,7/8/2012,327,431,7,8,6>Normally Scream Sorbet is one of those places with so many positive reviews that I wouldn't bother to tack on another. If you don't know, now you know! (ya know... ya know... ya know...)Simply the most indulgent vegan dessert you'll ever find! In taste as well as price. I was fortunate enough to get the opportunity to check this place out during the Yelp Field Trip. I've been aching to get back here for more of that decadent, creamy goodness.After trying a sample of the Valrhona Chocolate (so rich and creamy!) and the Almond w/Pink Peppercorn (unique and interesting), I settled on the Bourbon Pecan. Since it had Bourbon in it, I asked for a double shot which cost me $5! They didn't feature it the day I visited, but I remember from the Field Trip that the Thai Coconut Basil is a must-try!I'm not one to use "omg" but like OMG! this is what a vegan eggnog should taste like! You get the creaminess of the pecans mixed with spices and a refreshingly potent flavor of Bourbon. In fact it has such a kick, that I'm curious what would come first, a sugar rush or a good buzz, if you downed a pint of it. Trust me, I would donate myself to science for that experiment.The only negative (aside from the exorbitant cost) was that I got the double scoop and one of the scoops was a bit icey as compared to the perfect, creamy texture of the other. This can be explained by the fact that they came from two different containers. Still, for the $$$ I expect nothing short of perfection.As for the seemingly high cost, the co-founder Nate explains it simply enough. You can buy "high quality" milk & eggs for a relatively low cost, but fruits and nuts are much more costly. You can thank Government subsidies for that, but that's another review for another day.I think the highest compliment a "vegan place" can get is when non-veg folks that try it agree it's better than its dairy-based counterpart. Another compliment I can give Scream Sorbet, if I lived in the neighborhood, I'd be broke. Fat(ter) and broke...
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,7/7/2012,93,121,9,7,9>I'm a beer dork. Or beer nerd. Or beer snob. Think of any adjective to describe an avid beer drinker and append it to the word beer, and you've got a good two-word descriptor of me (Leave the word "gut" at the door - we beer aficionados don't like that. lol).So I really like drinking here. It's a shame that I live 45 minutes away, or else I'd cab it back and forth to Tap 25 and just put on my beer goggles in this tap house. The owners, Tim and Carrie, are really, really cool and fun. My relationship with them began a couple years back when I bought a Big Green Egg from their old BBQ retail operation next door, and to this day they address me by name every time I come and pay a visit. There's something to be said about feeling like I'm visiting friends instead of just patronizing a business.The beer list is ever-rotating, and it's pretty Darwinian in the sense that unpopular beers are "kicked" from the list and replaced with new ones. The good ones stay, the others are weeded out by natural selection. Needless to say, you won't find beer-water on tap here, so go somewhere else for your Coors and MGD. I've been frequenting the joint ever since the grand opening, and I still haven't had the same beer twice. It can be a bit crowded inside the tap house, but the little plaza (called Blacksmith Square) is open for you to consume your frosty, brewed beverage - perfect during the warmer months. There are also food offerings, but those come from one of the neighboring restaurants, which I find intensely cool. There's a strong sense of community between the proprietors in Blacksmith Square, and that feeling is then passed on to the customers. These same proprietors will often organize live music and other events in the square in the summertime, so put on your shorts and flip-flops, head on over to Tap 25, order a beer that you've never had before, and enjoy yourself. It's a celebration, bitches!
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2011,7/6/2012,423,725,7,10,8>A wonderful, if small, spot for tasty, fruity, spicy, complex drinks in downtown Oaktown.  Love the décor, and the cocktails are a kick in the pants and the palate.  You'll end up sharing drinks to taste some of the more exciting flavors they've conjured up, fair warning.  I had the Pisco Portón cocktail (don't know what it was blended with, but it was a sour drink) and it was excellent.  She had the spicy drink - Pepinos del Amor I think - and it was a spicy relief from the Pisco cocktail.  Any time I'm in the neighborhood Penelope will be high on the list, especially on a hot summer day.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2011,7/5/2012,133,439,8,11,9>I have been saving my 400th review for a very special place. Be still, my heart! I cannot emphasize enough my pitter-pattering love for Casserole House! Though my original love started with the Oriental BBQ house just down the street, I soon grew tired of the crowds and rowdiness. As much as I love that place, there is only so much fried chicken and soju you can ingest before feeling like you need to balance it out with some real, authentic Korean comfort food. Casserole House serves up some great food with good service, and is always dependable. That said, it does lack a bit (a tiny bit) in some areas, but that will not deter me from returning again and again!Location:Most of Oakland Koreatown is pretty nondescript, except for the Korean signage that you will see glowing. Nestled on the corner right next to Sahn Maru, parking is pretty easy but there is a tiny lot in the back that might be missed. For the several times I have been here, I have never really had a problem finding parking, though it might be a bit hard during peak dinner times.Food:Casserole House is a homey joint that does best what its name proudly suggests: serve up fantastically tasty Casseroles! The other items are great too, but the Casseroles are the best and can serve 3-4 small people or 2 people with voracious appetites. I've had the Bul Go Gi and the hot dog casserole and can vouch for both of them, both paws up! The spicy levels on the casseroles are perfect! Just enough to make your nose and eyes water the slightest but not so spicy that your tongue gets numb and you can't taste what you're eating. The Hae Mul Pa Jun (seafood pancake) is pretty awesome - a decent amount of seafood - and the dipping sauce is one of the best that I've had. Perfectly tangy, it makes a great pairing with the pancake. The banchan, oh the banchan! I LOVE the steamed egg, anchovies, and sugared potatoes - so tasty and usually won't last. Lucky for me, they are always willing to give you a refill if you ask! The kimchee is pretty good, though sometimes it can be a little too tangy. Overall, the food is A++!Service: Here's the slight issue: this place is understaffed for sure. They probably only have five people working here max - two ladies in the front, two in the back, and one bus boy. That might seem like enough for a small joint, but from the crowd that gathers here sometimes, it's definitely not enough. On some nights, the wait might be pretty unbearable, but the ladies always try their best to serve everyone. Their English is also not the best, so there may be a bit of a language barrier, which some people might see as being inattentive. Another small issue is that they sometimes close BEFORE their published closing time. This is a bit of an annoyance, especially for those who like to sneak in right before a place closes. However, I can't blame them, since they are in a somewhat sketch part of town. The great thing about the service is that they always try to make up for their mistakes, either through a small comp or profuse apologies. Given that the food is always great and the ladies are always polite, I can overlook these minor issues. Be warned that they're probably not ALWAYS going to be waiting on you hand and foot and that they might forget things, but they are always happy to correct that. I love coming here because of the homey atmosphere...sometimes I think they have adopted me as their little Korean daughter! Overall:I will keep coming here and I urge you to as well. Like most restaurants, they have their bad nights, but in general they are on spot with food and service quality. It does get a little pricey if you order the casserole ($30~) but it is pretty big and filling. Sahn Maru next door cost me over $50 and wasn't nearly as good; I think Casserole House wins over Sahn Maru, any day.So...when are we going again? :)
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,7/4/2012,327,261,13,18,15>Seriously, where can you find a satisfying meal for two for $6.50? That is unheard of nowadays! Priced around $3 or so, their Vietnamese sandwiches are not made with the skinny baguettes like Lee's but with the fatter, shorter rolls of bread, toasted just right for that light warm crunch and amply filled with tasty veggies and your choice of meat. My favorite is the Grilled Pork.  And when I feel like treating myself, my best-loved accoutrements would be a bag of Jalapeño kettle chips and an ice cold Coke...a winning combo for a picnic meal or a fast weekday work lunch. They do run out of sammies as closing time approaches and know they only take cash.  They've got other Vietnamese items for rice/noodle combos as well as desserts, but the Banh Mis here are the popular choice for good reason!
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,7/3/2012,726,863,10,13,14>Nothing makes me more homesick than seeing the Oaklandish updates in my Facebook feed. A few weeks before my flight home (barely made it back to Boston this morning), I made a mental note to try to make it to Farmer's Market to see their tent.HOWEVER, they now have their own store in, naturally, Downtown Oakland. It's just two blocks from the 12 St. BART station. The store is AMAZING and I was excited to see all the new designs they've gotten since I moved away! I wanted, like, seven of them, but only got one for me and one for Lea B. (They do run about $26-$28 each).And then, as I barely made it back to Boston safely, my Facebook feed showed a new must-have product. HAMMERTIME PANTIES! You *can* touch those. They're so new that they haven't even made their website yet. It's also good to see the same faces working for Oaklandish after a year away. In fact, one of them knows me from back when he worked at Peet's three years ago. Oakland, despite its size and downturning economic fate, really can have senses of community. That community support is, after all the catchy t-shirts and bumper stickers, is a big thing Oaklandish stands for.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,7/2/2012,69,70,6,8,6>Tucked away in barren strip mall is a Vietnamese restaurant that all other Vietnamese restaurants might want to take note of. Take off your shoes (actually keep them on) and leave those preconceived notions at the door. La Sen deads the stereotype that Vietnamese food is tasty only if being consumed in a dingy, hole in the wall establishment. La Sen also stamps out the misconception that a Vietnamese restaurant can only have good soups OR good rice plates and not both. Don't be alarmed that the decor is modern and well kept. Don't stress that the menu has less than a hundred items listed. Don't panic that the condiments are fresh and presented in a classy manner. Yo, they serve your basil in a clear vase!The Pho, Bo Luc Lac, Lemongrass Chicken, and Bun Bo Hue reign supreme here. You get one size for the soups, but it's more than enough to drown your taste buds and stomach in the glorious broth. The MSG aftermath is low to non-existent. Rice plates are quality over quantity. Digging how they section up the plate instead of throwing everything on top of each other. Don't expect to see a pool of oil at the bottom of your plate either. The chicken wings I could do without though. Too much fish sauce.You would think that the design and cleanliness of this place would command outrageous prices right? Wrong. $7 for a bowl of pho and about $8 for a rice plate. Very reasonable and the service is a-ok. Another hidden gem in Fremont!
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2012,7/1/2012,183,70,7,6,8>Typical, Piedmont Ave Cleaners is anything but. The owner, Quan, has created a dry cleaning experience unlike any other I've known. Aside from the fact they are a completely green business and do excellent work the personal attention paid to each and every client is unparalleled. Quan is funny as hell and loves to interact and shoot the breeze with his customers. Hence, the love-seat sitting area in the front:)Check them out on designated Thursdays for their cocktail parties featuring local artists and designers. If you bring in items to be dry-cleaned you also get a discount. Mingle, party and get my dry cleaning done??!!?? Genius, I'm in:)
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2012,6/30/2012,192,333,5,5,5>I've come so far in my journey to appreciate well-crafted beers and I think I've found my reward here at The Trappist for forgoing "college brews". I'm thankful that this place is in the East Bay and parking isn't hard to find near by, but best of all is their selection. I love that it changes daily and they have a variety to choose from, I stuck on the lighter scale but my boyfriend dove right into the good stuff; I believe one of his choices was a Chimay. I would love to return, the service was amazing and I was able to switch from the front bar to the back bar without having to transfer my tab front. The pricing was not bad at all for our wonderful afternoon there, nothing that would leave your wallet weeping.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,6/29/2012,109,308,6,8,7>I'm rating the Riata on Breakfast alone and for that this place gets a solid five stars for the following:* Best Bloody Mary's in Livermore* Outrageous Veggie Benedict* Very Friendly Staff* Qualifies as a 'Dive Diner' (In a good divey way)* The Biscuits and GravyI have yet to have a bad anything here.  We went here again on Sunday and was surprised to be seated right away.  Apparently the big crowds were expected after Easter services.  The food servings are always generous but not in the disgusting Black Bear Diner way.  If you ask for a Spicy Bloody Mary you know exactly what you're going to get along with that pickled asparagus spear.The specials always sound delicious.  My husband ordered the apple pancakes and said it was like eating an apple pie in a pancake.  My daughter, Candace G always gets the Biscuits and Gravy.  She's even been known to ask if she can leave work early so she can make it to Riata while they are still serving breakfast when she gets a gravy craving.There is lot's to look at if your dining companion is less than pleasing on your eyes including all of the Rodeo Memorabilia and History on the walls.  You can sit at the counter, a table, or the bar.  I guess it depends on the experience you want.  It does get crowded and noisy but this isn't that international house folks.  It's a diner.  You can also sit outside if you'd like.  They leave a bowl of water just in case you've brought any furry friends along.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2011,6/28/2012,216,408,9,13,7>Where to go on a Saturday night celebrating your hub's birthday? HERE.Cause it's freakin awesome. A trampoline park in Dublin: Yeehaw.***PLEASE READ***Do not come during the day (adults) with friends. This time is used strictly for children's parties and play time. Unless you want to find yourself giving a kid a cracked skull, come in at night.We came back after finding this out our first time at night on a Saturday for the older crowds. Of course it was mostly teens and us 4 adults, but I didn't care. The place was virtually empty with 4 areas in which too jump: Dodgeball Room, Basketball Room, Foam Pit, and an are with free jump lanes. The dodgeball room was fun. Get a two on two game on or three on three, etc. Soft, plasticy foam balls all around and walls of jumpy trampoline all around. It was a blast and got really intense after a while. LOL.The foam pit was scary and fun at the same time. Am I the only one who thinks when you run down the trampoline lanes and flip into the foam pit, that it's like quicksand? I was on the verge of screaming if I couldn't climb out. Literally, you have to use those thigh muscles to lift yourself out. Or get consumed by the foam blocks.The free jump area is basically lanes of trampoline that you could bounce around on back and forth. ***Do beware you will break a sweat! Next time I'm wearing sweats/shorts and a tank.Basketball area: Think two hoops that are adjustable for your jumping dunk pleasure.Cafe to be opening soon which will serve beer and wine. Why, right? I have no clue. This sounds like a future bad idea.Can't wait to come back and bring the kids here or come again with friends. Jump time is $12 and you get an hour's worth of time monitored with colored wristbands.  They announce schoolhouse style over the PA when your hour is up and it's time to bounce...
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,6/27/2012,579,194,7,9,8>It was a beautiful hot Saturday afternoon and I was searching for a place with a nice, open ambiance with great food and immediately thought of Wood Tavern! I had dinner here before and loved it! This time is was for lunch and suprise suprise, I loved it too!WHAT WE ORDERED:Watermelon martinis: My friend and I had 2 each because they were so delicious and refreshing.-Crispy Pork Belly: Frisée, Roasted White Corn, Crispy Capers, Chives, Sweet Garlic Vinaigrette, Poached Egg ($13) Review: This was my favorite dish! I heard about the pork belly and it was absolutely devine. All the components of this this just made you want more of it and the poached egg on top added to the creaminess of the fatty pork. Initially we wanted to order the chopped romaine salad too  because the table next to us had it. Staring wasnt cool so we ordered it. Our waitress suggested that we hold off on it becasue the pork belly with our mains was going to be too heavy and she was right. -Zuppa de Pesce: Rock Shrimp, Mussels, Clams, Chorizo, Spring Onions, Tomato-Shrimp Broth, Garlic Toast ($19)Review: I highly recommend this is you like seafood stews with a generous amount of fresh seafood bathing in a rich, creamy and buttery broth. I can dip my bread in this and eat it all day. Love it!-Pan Roasted Half Chicken: Fingerling Potatoes, Grilled Radicchio, Spinach, Garlic Confit, Bread Crumbs, Lemon-Rosemary Jus ($19)Review: Tender, moist and juicy!  Need I say more? The flavors were a perfect blend and this is definitely filling if you're hungry. Also highy recommended!-Chocolate Truffle Cake: Mint-Chocolate Chip Ice Cream, Cocoa Crumble ($8)Review: I love ending my meals with anything chocolate and this is  MUST HAVE. Everywhere else  serves their desserts with vanilla bean or a mango or raspberry sorbet but mint- chocolate chip is different. Good job Wood Tavern! The cocoa crumble too was a awesome touch.SERVICE: Awesome as usual. The hostess greeted us within 30 seconds. Our server was pleasant and saved us from passing out at our dining table from over consumption. And there was another guy, probably a manager making sure everything was ok that checked in with us too.  Waters were always refilled and there were times were we had to call the attention of a  random staff member for a sharper knife and they were all very attentive and quick to get us what we needed.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2011,6/26/2012,176,518,8,8,8>Came here for the first time to see what all the fuss was about with the Korean Spa, and was not disappointed. Decided to spend the day with my mom and sister for her Birthday to relax. We all got the Ultimate package and decided it was worth every cent! Yes, everything everyone said in their reviews are indeed correct. You will be naked, so get over ANY inhibitions you may have. You will be scrubbed to death (in a good way), you will rubbed(in a good way), you will be massaged (in a good way), you might just get touched in places you are not expecting( kinda weird) but still going with the good experience afterall this is the ultimate package right? You will be get a little facial/massage, head rubbed and washed at that. We all loved the sauna, jacuzzi and the stone room as a final touch. Oh yea, get some korean barbecue and your day is done. You will probably spend about 4 hours here, but again you can stay longer if you wish. The final product...baby smooth skin...from HEAD, CREVICE to your toes!!! Absolute must visit.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2011,6/25/2012,378,165,30,39,34>My most memorable steak was at Mark Miller's Coyote Café in Las Vegas. It was a Cowboy steak that went down as the best steak I ever had. I've never been able to get it out of my mind.  My love for steak started when I lived in Texas. I learned how to cook a kick ass piece of meat. But Mark Miller took my title away. He is the King of the cowboy steak. Now I no longer need to fly to Las Vegas for the best steak. I just drive down to College Ave to Hudson.The Porcini-Crusted Ribeye is what love tastes like. Absolutely heaven on a plate. Crispy on the outside, medium rare on the inside. That's how I like it.  It arrives sliced, and next to a, Gold Potato Gratin. That's it, pure and simple. If you can keep your eyes opened long enough during this feast, look around at the beautiful room your in. Rather than facing the bar I liked facing the wall and taking in the awesome photography. . Yelpers, consider that a "Quick Tip" If you arrive between 5 and 6pm, take advantage of the Happy Hour drinks. The Bartender knows his stuff. My Cosmo was perfection in a very pretty glass.  The bar packs up during Happy Hour, but is never too noisy. Okay loveys, your on your own. Have a great meal, and I look forward to your reviews.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,6/24/2012,91,65,8,14,11>Happened on a Sunday.  Samir, Julia and I had just finished the 9.5 mile Columbine Trail loop in Chabot Park.  We decided to try Shangrila Vegan based on reviews I'd read.  Loved this place for a number of distinct reasons. First and foremost I bought the $15.99 buffet because the menu consisted entirely of foods that I cook for myself all the time.  I'm a very finicky eater and this is the rare restaurant where I didn't have to hunt through the menu to find something suitable to my taste and nutritional preferences.  Every single item was a winner .... and for one price I could slowly sample everything from soup to multiple entrees to salad.  Yum!Secondly we could sit out on the veranda with the breezy blue sky above an arboretum of red flowering vines.  We could amble back to the serving area for samples of of our favorite items and come back into the warm sunshine and feel wonderful sharing our edibles with friendly conversation.  Other items of interest to me in particular was easy parking on the street and a spacious, airy unisex bathroom.  The ambiance was so casual with different seating areas and a nice diversity of people.  Young professional types, families with little children, and even a senior table with a card game going on.  Now that's casual.  The food is of many ethnicities combined, but the owners seem to be Tibetan or Nepalese.  Couldn't quite figure it out.  I was very happy to be there all entirely for my own personal reasons.  My friends Denise gave it 5 stars for her reasons and the outspoken Nobu gave it one star for his personal reasons.  No doubt readers will be fully informed by glancing through the reviews.  I also hear that the founding chef has moved his work place to my town of Albany.  Clearly he left this establishment in good hands.  What ever it was before, it's five stars and more now ... at least for me.I'd give it a 5 stars plus.  Absolutely no negatives for me at all.  I'll be back.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,6/23/2012,60,110,2,14,10>WARNING!!! They only make these awesome sandwiches between 11am and 2pm. So you better get there before 2 otherwise you'll leave a very sad person. After one failed attempt I was finally able to try Star Meats.  And it was PHENOMENAL!!!  I swear I could eat these sandwiches all day everyday.  That's how delicious I think they are...First of all, when you pull up to the address you will see a storefront sign that says Star Grocery.  Don't worry!  You are definitely in the right place.  Star Meats is the deli located in this quaint grocery store (which you should wander through because they have some great items) where the unforgettable sandwiches are produced.  You just have to walk all the way to the back of the store to the deli and where you'll find the glory.Their menu has about 11 sandwiches and they all look irresistible, so good luck on deciding which sandwich you'll be walking out with because I kid you not it probably took me closer to ten minutes to finally decide.I ended up deciding on the Goodfella, which is made up of Genoa salami, hot coppa, fresh mozzarella, arugula, sun dried tomatoes, balsamic vinegar, olive oil, and mayonnaise.The flavors and textures worked wonderfully together...  The saltiness of the tender meats combined with the refreshing chunks of mozzarella, the tanginess from the balsamic vinegar, the sweetness from the sun-dried tomatoes, the creaminess from the mayonnaise, and the spice from the arugula was out of this world.  And the bread that all of the ingredients are enclosed in is perfect.  It was super fresh; soft in the middle, but with the perfect shell that was crunchy in a way that made it easy to bite through.  One thing that really stood out to me when they were preparing the sandwich was that they thinly slice the meat once you ordered your sandwich, which means you will have to practice patience while your mouth is watering.  It is totally worth it though because they are very generous with the meat they place on the sandwich along with the other ingredients.  There was definitely no skimping.I highly recommend giving Star Meats a try and I know with out a doubt that I will be returning to try some of there other sandwiches.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2012,6/22/2012,732,444,11,19,16>What do you do when your friend, her hubby, and their twin girls come to town...?Why, you simply Yelp the park closest to the place you happen to be having lunch. Frog park popped up, and away we went. The park is oddly named, as there are no frogs to be found. There's a giant turtle sculpture in the sandbox - upon which the twins sat with their mud pies, singing happy birthday to each other - but not a frog in sight. There is, however, the world's coolest jungle gym. The suspension bridges, spider webs, peepholes, castle turrets, and tunnel slides of your youth still exist here. Hide-and-go seek is awesome beneath the architecture of this fortress, and there's even a tiny trampoline tucked into one of the hidden corners atop the structure. Lest your mini companions get bored, there's a wide swath of grass for running races (a word of wisdom: lose on purpose - every time) and a swing set.Frankly, it doesn't matter what your age - this place rocks.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,6/21/2012,122,110,9,13,11>This place is not your typical sushi, donburi, bento box, or ramen kind of a joint.  Instead, think if you will, of an orgy  between a German hofbräuhaus, Spanish tapas, and Japanese gastro-sensibilities.  Then, picture a modest Japanese woman who coyly hides behind the sleeve of her kimono in public. But  on stage, she blows the bejeezus out of her gents like the defining dance scene of Memoirs of a Geisha. The product of those kinds of hedonism and hidden talent is  B-Dama. Unassuming and humble, B-Dama exudes Japanese hospitality and modesty in it's intimate setting. But, what it lacks in pretention, it certainly makes up for in jolly drinks accompanied by subtle, yet mind-blowing punches from its highly inspired dishes.  STARTERS:*  Sake: Akitabare Koshiki Junzukuri:  crisp, a strong hot (read: alcohol) start, but a mellow, and lightly nutty finish. *  Green salad with sesame dressing:  very simple, but the arugula in the mix certainly takes it up a notch, the sesame soy dressing was light with good sesame flavor, topped with puffy-fried mung bean noodles.  YAKITORI:*  Negima (chicken with scallion): Soo tender and juicy, lightly charred, slight pleasant pungency from the scallion complemented it's beautiful smokiness.*  Butabara (pork belly):  like no other pork belly I've had--not fatty at all, pure juicy tender meat with a nice char and smokiness*  Bacon wrapped asparagus: Where did they get such thinly sliced bacon?  The bacon gingerly wraps around short pieces of asparagus stalks.  Not too fatty, the bacon doesn't crumble on the skewer.  A great accompaniment to more substantial plates.*  Gyutan (beef tongue): very lean flat chunks of beef.  If you're used to slow-cooked tender tongue like I am, you may be surprised by this dish.  It has a great grilled flavor like the other yakitori items, but it's kind of tough and chewy.  For those of you who like something substantial to gnaw on, this one's it!NOT-SO-SMALL, BUT NOT-TOO-LARGE PLATES:*  Agedashi (fried tofu in fish broth): not fishy at all, but full of savory and just slightly sweet broth.  Not so much broth to be a soup, but just enough to drape thick slices of breaded and fried silken tofu.  A really creamy experience. *  Kaori Age (tuna sandwiched between shiso leaves and then deep fried):  Oh my e'ffing lord, this was good! Who would have thought that large shiso leaves sandwiching a filling of super fresh, non-fishy tuna would be such a delight?!  Very delicate crispiness and sublte, but present flavor from the fish. This was probably my favorite for the evening.*  Mino Age (salmon and white fish encased in toothpick thin julienne potatoes and deepfried):  When the board listed this dish as salmon, white fish and potatoes, I thought I'd get something like a croquette. What a novel (and pleasant) surprise to find cannelloni-shaped cones of deep-fried julienned potatoes encasing the salmon and white fish.  Visually stunning, a strong crispy start in  your mouth, followed by a smooth explosion of savory fish.DESSERT:*  Vanilla Ice Cream over red beans and dusted with matcha (green tea powder):  Guys, I don't know what kind of vanilla ice cream this was, but it was a little more brown in color than other vanilla ice creams I've seen.  Not too sweet, but creamy.  It gently covered a few table spoons of sweet, slightly mashed, juicy read beans and dusted with green tea power.  This dessert experience was much more than I expected. WARNINGYou need to know that one can easily pass this place up as it's hidden in a short strip near the top of Piedmont Ave.  You also need to know that the place is small and seating is tight and limited..and the bar is not very long. Hey it's Asian.  It gets more relaxed toward the later hours; so consider making this an after-movie dinner date spot if you don't want to deal with jabbing elbows with your neighbor or fighting for the ideal window seat.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2012,6/20/2012,317,326,6,11,10>Wow.  We went to Skipolini's a few weeks ago to celebrate my birthday with some of my family and got spectacular service from start to finish. We told everyone to meet there at 5:30 pm, and I arrived around 5 to get a table.  I called a few minutes before getting there to ask how long the wait would be for a table for 11, and the guy I spoke to said if I got there right away, there would be no wait.  I walked in five minutes later, and explained that my party would be arriving at 5:30.  No problem, he says, we'll seat you right now anyway.  They seated us at a long table in it's own little area that was raised and sort of looked over the whole dining area.  Nice.I got a text from one of my cousins saying they had just left the house because their son just woke up from his nap, and my other cousin texted and said there was a ton of tunnel traffic, but they're on the way.  I told our server that, and she just said, oh that's fine...would you like some water while you wait?  When everyone had arrived, the servers were very friendly and attentive, constantly checking on us.  There were five kids under the age of six in our party, and we ordered a cheese pizza just for them. The server asked if we would like it cut into smaller slices.  How thoughtful is that??  If you are a parent, you would understand how that small gesture was so appreciated.  I had brought cupcakes in for dessert, and they took them in the back for us during our meal, and when they brought them out, they even brought plates out for them!  I really wasn't expecting them to do that.The food was delicious as usual, and my relatives stated that Skipolini's was a perfect spot to get together at.  My love for Skipolini's has grown ten-fold after this visit!!!
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,6/19/2012,1894,532,8,17,15>This place is great!! Nice outdoor patio with plenty of seating on nice days like this.. We made a reservation for 8 and were seated as soon as we got there.. I hear they're famous for their beers but I'm more of a hard liquor drinker so my coworkers enjoyed their fresh brews.. Literally everything on their menu sounded good to me, which is rare, so that made it difficult to decide what I wanted to eat.. I will definitely be returning time and time again so I can try out other things that I was eyeing on the menu.. Between one other person and I we shared the Mediterranean salad and a margherita pizza.. The salad was great and I especially loved the feta cheese, mmm.. The pizza was okay but I think it'll be better if I choose a different one next time.. The portions aren't huge like at the Cheesecake Factory but they're definitely on the larger side.. So either come with a huge appetite or share with someone else.. That way you can try multiple dishes too! Everyone in my group was raving about their meal so that's always a good sign! Our waitress was super friendly and on top of things, so great service plus great food equals a repeat diner in the making [:
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2011,6/18/2012,1948,4780,17,19,15>Although I love to travel far off places and bunk down at Earthwatch research sites, it's been awhile since I have actually gone camping. And Gayle? Her joke is that her idea of roughing it is staying at the Best Western, when the Ritz Carlton is full. However, blood is thicker than water and when her daughter-in-law organized a family camping trip, she was all in.The East Bay Regional Park District has it's own Assessment District and I'm happy to contribute every year via my property taxes. It certainly is a better situation currently than State Parks funding. It's also reflected in the high quality recreational experience that is offered and the surprising variety of beautiful nature that is available.Overlooking Lake Chabot is the Chabot Family Campground, a year-round getaway only minutes from Oakland. The camp has 75 trailer, tent, or walk-in campsites, hot showers, Naturalist-led campfire programs, an amphitheater, and hiking/fishing access to Lake Chabot. We camped in Sites 44 and 45, which was in a relatively quiet and peaceful section of the Campground. We had marvelous Family time and even my nature-phobic son thoroughly enjoyed himself. We're already looking forward to trying it again, and maybe even buying a tent!  However, there are limits. Gayle was not impressed with my suggestion that we go more rustic during our upcoming trip to Spain. I guess the walking and hosteling along the Camino de Santiago will have to wait.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,6/17/2012,151,211,13,14,11>Night light, my you do shine bright! Tucked between Ginza and Nations on Broadway, not too far from Beer Rev and Souley Vegan, It's a stone's throw away from many favorite things. Five stars alone for the fact there's another stellar drinking establishment close to my favorite toasty crispy burger. For me, Night Light screams, "Ladies, drop your man off at boyfriend daycare (Beer Rev) and come grab a yummy nautical themed cocktail with your girlfriends!" Not to say that boyfriend didn't like it, nono, he did. But sometimes, dare I say, it's just not a beer night. And sometimes, after said delicious toasty crispy, I'd really enjoy a cocktail. The Night Light is brand new. Yup, mm that new paint twinge is still there. The interior is cush and luxurious. Dimly lit with lots of leather seating, it begs the question, is there a nautical wench waiting for a suitor upstairs? It struck me that the design is eerily similar to 355. The space, however, is much more open and conducive to lounging. I enjoyed the sound they had going. Boyfriend and I just stopped in for a quick cocktail on our way home. I tried and loved the Wild and Free. Boyfriend enjoyed his high on Rye. Both were 8 bucks each. Didn't break the bank although I wouldn't call it exactly cheap. They don't accept credit cards which is a little annoying but nothing we couldn't figure out. Night light, I hope you are here to stay. Especially if your co-owner Doug was serious about his promise of unlimited free drinks :)
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,6/16/2012,628,530,9,17,15>Go wittle El Cerrito and your wittle micro brewery!  El Cerrito has plenty of dive bars with simple bar food.  Elevation 66...Elevates.The wait wasn't too bad.  The decor was clean and modern.  The server was a delight.  The food was more upscale and delicious than expected.  The beer was....beer?  I can't say I'm a very informed beer drinker, but the 3 beers we tried were all beerlicious.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,6/15/2012,610,620,9,15,13>My youngest daughter was born with an uncurable fascination with Japan. When she first asked me to take karate at the age of 4, I warned her that it wasn't all fun. That it would take a lot of hard work, memorization and effort.After a couple of years passed by and she was still asking, I realized that it was unfair for me to assume that she wouldn't enjoy it.It turns out that she didn't just enjoy it, she loved it.Justin and Bianca are incredible. From little ones to adults, you feel at home and become a family. Sensei is a positive, wonderful teacher. He has a way of lifting up and encouraging any student that may struggle with something in particular. What he teaches goes much deeper than just self defense. He promotes quiet self-confidence and inner strength. He makes the lessons fun and rewarding.To say I felt like my daughter's experience here was invaluable is an understatement. Had she not been diagnosed with severe ples planus (requiring multiple surgeries), I know that we would still be there every week. I would recommend Bamboo Village to anyone and everyone.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2011,6/14/2012,21,206,13,15,13>Hello Alameda! We finally have a great place for hot dogs! Weinerschnitzel? Uh...no. Scolari's? ...not enough in my wallet. Doggy Style? Yes please! [Insert Awkward Stare or Predictable Sex joke] I was very excited when I saw all the different styles of hot dogs I was presented with! This place is mainly geared towards us Yelper or 'foodies' if you will. I know it's in the dangerous zone of high schoolers, but you can NOT go by the word of mouth by them. All they want is something greasy and quick. This place is packed with unique flavors us Yelpers are able to understand!The boyfriend and I ended up getting the Umai, which was in fact...UMAI! Meaning delicious in Japanese. We also got the Dirty south.Umai: Pickled radish [oshinko], seaweed, sweet sauce, Japanese mayo. It all came together perfectly! We are prepared to try the Dogzilla! Dirty South: Fresh onions, their very own chilli and chredded cheese. I thought this was a good way to see the way they put their own spin on things. It was a very good mixture of flavors, nothing really overpowered the other.I really love the fact that one of the owners came out to ask us about their meal after we were sitting there for a while. I love when the owners communicate with customers! I thought they were very good people, I hope that they stay in business, as opposed to the previous owners of the venue, who haven't had any luck staying open.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2011,6/13/2012,455,246,6,18,8>This is a newly opened restaurant I traveled from the East Bay to try and and I will definitely come back for the amazing food and service! The restaurant had such a welcoming vibe, this place is good for a casual night out or a date the place felt very intimate and warm, service was great, I have not had the best experience with Chinese restaurants in the past but this place goes beyond to make sure you leave happy. Salt & Pepper Chicken Wings: are lightly battered very flavorful, not too fried they were just right. This was the right appetizer to start with and it was kid approved by my son he loved them! Orange chicken: Amazing! this is the best orange chicken I have ever had, it was all white meat, lightly battered and the sauce was not too sweet with a little tang to it, by far this is definitely my all time favorite orange chicken. Mango Chicken: was a hit at our table! chunks of mango, a sweet tangy sauce and veggies, first time ever trying mango chicken and it was quite delicious. Curry Fish: I personally am not a big fan of curry, however I tried it and it was delicious, people who like curry approved of it. Spicy sauce: That's right I'm also reviewing their chili because it's that good! this is the best chili I've had in an Asian restaurant. I asked what type was it? its made in house. It's full of flavor spicy but not overbearing. If  you've read any of my reviews you would know I love *spicy* and this place hands down has the best chili; to add some spice to your life :) diez 1 once
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2012,6/12/2012,87,396,1,24,3>So my coworkers and I heard that this place had a major makeover, thanks to Restaurant Impossible, about a couple of weeks ago. So we decided to make it a Funday Friday and check it out.The decor makes such a massive improvement to the place. It used to be dreary, old, dated and cluttered. Now it's clean, open with bright blues and whites. They used fresh blue and white patterns to reupholster the booths and some wall decor, and it definitely has more of a Greek feel to it. The place was almost filled with people (a massive improvement to what it used to be when I went there in the past). The menu was consolidated to one page, and was more focused on Greek food rather than a hodge podge of American items with the occasional Greek item. My 4 co-workers ordered a gyro, another ordered the tuna melt and I ordered the Greek salad.For gyros, a grilled cheese sandwich with tuna and a salad, we ended up waiting 35 minutes. It was pretty frustrating, but the waitress was really apologetic. When I looked around, we were surrounded by people in their 50's and 60's, and they seemed to be chummy with the owner and got their food faster than we did. Minus a star for that. Other than that, the food was tasty, and I will definitely be coming back (but ordering ahead of time). It is kind of a disappointment that the food is pretty expensive... $11 for a Greek salad during lunch time, when today I got a gyro, soup and salad for the same price elsewhere (that's for another review). Maybe this will be a kind of special occasion type of place.The Greek salad was pretty good. 8 pieces of pita triangles with fresh salad and a kind of creamy dressing. It even came with two stuffed grape leaves. Normally I don't like those, but it was pretty tasty. I shared half my salad and got half of my coworker's gyro, which was pretty good... lots of meat on soft bread and crispy fries. I tell you; I was full until that evening.Parking was difficult to find. Maybe after the Restaurant Impossible hustle and bustle settle down, it'll be easier to find a spot (and get our food faster :p).
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2012,6/11/2012,122,260,5,15,8>I was curious as to see what this noodle shack offered. The only other kind of noodles I've ever had in a restaurant (besides my pho and other Vietnamese noodles) was ramen. So this place, which opened in a relatively obscure part of Fremont (because it's surrounded by a bunch of companies), has a relatively simple but clean interior. Green and orange paint adorn the walls, giving it a modern, fresh look. Although not much else exists inside, today was their opening day, so I didn't expect much. They give you a choice of 5 or so different noodles. I got the "ho fun", which was large strips of rice noodle. There were various different toppings to choose from, from fish balls to chicken to pork (shredded or not), and I opted for the two latter choices. There are six sauces/toppings to choose from as well. Simply put, the broth tasted clean and fresh. The meat was well cooked. Oddly enough, it reminded me of my mother's pho, only 1) it's far from it, and 2) it was restaurant food. The food looked so simple, and yet it was so delicious! I had no trouble finishing it at all. And at $8.25, it's about the same price most pho restaurants would charge per bowl. Since it was their first day, they offered a complimentary soda with each bowl, and they had samples of their fried foods on display, such as their egg rolls and potstickers. But honestly, you don't come to this place for fried rice or appetizers. You come here for noodles. And I think they're going a good job so far.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,6/10/2012,1020,575,8,14,11>I have no idea why I waited so long to try this place. Maybe it's the notion that good Indian food simply doesn't exist this far east of the Bay Area. But after trying this place after 5 or so years its open, I was slapped in the face by my own prejudgement.The bestie and I went here for lunch upon her recommendation, and of course, one step inside filled your nostrils with the most delicious smells of curry. Their lunch buffet was only $9.99 and came with all the essentials - curry in every color you can think of, basmati rice, salad, bottomless baskets of naan, all of which were delicious. Next time I have a craving for Indian food, I wouldn't dare hesitate to come here again.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,6/9/2012,340,357,7,13,9>I must review this place.  I had brunch here yesterday and it was AH-MA-ZING!  I can't believe I haven't eaten here before.  Thank gawd for fellow yelpers.  The food is out of this world!  I was starving so I ordered the BLT sammie and literally licked my plate clean.  The bread was sour-doughy, the bacon was crispy and juicy, the salad on the side was delicious.  I think we stayed here for about 3 hours, and the whole time, the service was incredible.  The wait staff kept refilling our coffee and checking in on us.  It was the perfect place to eat, chillax, and really enjoy a lazy Saturday afternoon.  Oh, and after eating, you can take a stroll along Lake Merritt, a block away.  Talk about a fab day! Bonus:  I also loved that the water they served was infused with cucumber and celery.  Rare combination but I liked it.  I liked it a lot.  Go my friends, ch-ch-check it out!
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,6/8/2012,276,176,10,17,13>I try to do strength training on my own when I'm at the gym, I really do, but those big machines with all the attachable bars and hooks confuse me. How do I hook this on here? Am I even doing this right? I'll attempt a couple of reps, give up and do some cardio. Which is why I need classes like CrossFit. Trainer, please tell me what to do because I can't come up with moves at the top of my head. When I heard about free classes at Berkeley CrossFit this week in honor of their grand opening, I had to give it a go. Apparently no one in Berkeley is willing to get up and work out at 7 in the morning because I was the only one there (being a morning person sure has its perks - free personal training session!).Chris, the coach, was great and ensured that I was practicing the proper form for each of the moves. Wall ball squats, sumo dead lifts and military presses were KILLER for me, but so effective. I'm pumped to make CrossFit on the regular.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2012,6/7/2012,230,254,9,8,9>A delightful spot in Danville for coffee...and burgers??Well actually I went with an ahi burger since I love my tuna, while the lady friend Kathy V. decided to go all traditional with the fancy burger.The burger certainly looked appetizing sitting on the toasty brioche bun and judging by the scarfing and pile of used napkins used by Kat, it tasted just as good.  No wonder I didn't get offered any...it was that good.The ahi was perfectly seared rare with some delicious wasabi aioli drizzled on top.  Fries were just how I like em, crunchy!Let's not forget the Blue Bottle Coffee.  I didn't get a chance to get any but actually stopped back again to pick some up.Love the decor here, it's like home with all the mismatched mugs.  Cool patio seating and big ol' tables.Definitely a nice hangout spot to catch up with old friends or get acquainted with new ones.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2012,6/6/2012,1429,411,8,12,10>Listen, I'm a fan of any restaurant who serves Blackened Voo Doo beer, period.Angeline's is one of the most popular restaurants in the East Bay, and for good reason. They make bomb food. Simple as that- they're food is really, really good. Fried chicken with sweet potatoes-- delicious. Jambalaya with ham and sausage and chicken-- delicious. The beignets? Do i have to say it? Delicious. One thing I will note is if you order the grits as an appetizer, it does not come in the fashion that you may be used to from most restaurants. Instead of a bowl of grits with fried cheese on top, its more literally two cubes of cheese with the crawfish sauce drenched across the top. It's still bomb, just different in my experience(and my experience isn't much.) If you show up right when they open at 5:30 you may not need a reservation, but after about 6pm it's crazy packed so good luck getting a table. They recently expanded the restaurant so it's double the size now. The servers are friendly, the hostesses walk around with ipads, the vibe is a slice of chaotic mixed with comfort. I'm a fan.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,6/5/2012,330,444,14,18,16>Still a solid choice - just keep in mind the *Happiest Hour* is from 9-later, when the list of favorites in my old review is in action at great prices!  The 5-7 Happy Hour is okay, with only two lonely items; $5 Mojitos that are pretty FUERTE, and $1 oysters that look good if you're into that shellfish stuff. $5 shots of tequila with a sangrita back are always available! Service is still solid. I like sitting upstairs, heat rises and the acoustics are better. Some of the same hottie chefs and bus guys have been there for a long time.  Unexpected values can be found on the Scotch list. The skirt steak is so delicious.  Many things in my life have changed since 2007 but the good things about Fonda have not!
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,6/4/2012,1211,478,14,15,15>I have a weak spot.  Yeah, you didn't think so huh?  But let me tell you..it's peanut butter.And Fresh Berry does not disappoint.  (They currently have peanut butter flavored LOW-FAT yogurt) and then I drench that in Reese's peanut butter sauce and then I top it off with cheesecake bites, s'mores pieces, and then with blackberries and mango (I am watching my figure).Does it get better then this?!  You bet!  They have gourmet cupcakes that will satisfy any sweet tooth and the owner Mark just informed me that he uses the Reese's peanut butter sauce for one of the cupcake's frosting.Be still my heart.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,6/3/2012,744,496,8,7,9>Meal Ticket has everything I look for in a neighborhood brunch spot: really yummy food, nice fast service and a general good vibe. After perusing the board of daily/seasonal specials, I had an excellent, bacon and green onion scramble. Loved the potatoes and my three slices of above-average wheat toast, with delish strawberry jam on the table. All that and the service is super-friendly. Please note, any place that has champagne-heavy mimosas reaches the bonus round. Meal Ticket is there.  A few more things:Sizable patio in the backCash-onlyOrder at the counterDon't forget to tip! - in the jar at the counterThere's a basket full o' magazines by the front window.Not quite gourmet, just a perfect neighborhood spot. That's the ticket, Meal Ticket!
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,6/2/2012,291,487,6,6,6>"The dream of the 1890's is alive in...Linden Street" (Portlandia).  It's the 1890's at Linden Street Brewery, from the old brick building to the bearded men to the craft brews.  But then you step into the brewing room & see all the shiny fermentation tanks & realize that it is 2012.  And these guys are making some fine craft beer!I tried their Burning Oak Black Lager a few months ago at Anchor & Hope and loved it.  I had never heard of Linden Street before but made a mental note to check them out.  You can't buy their beer in stores but on their website they have a list of establishments that serve their beer on tap.  Lots of places in the Bay Area!  Last night at the CMYE I got to try 2 more of their beers, a lager & a red ale (I forgot the names).  The lager was a bit light for my taste but I liked the red ale, which was strong & flavorful.  One of the guys pouring the beer last night was nice enough to give us a quick brewery tour, even though he was busy filling the cups of my fellow Yelpers.  He also seemed genuinely happy that I was seeking out places to enjoy their black lager.The brewery is tucked away in an industrial area of West Oakland.  Plenty of parking nearby.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,6/1/2012,356,481,9,8,9>It's 2 AM. you've been drinking copious amounts of alcohol and playing Just Dance 3 at your house and the combination of alcohol + cardio has left you famished. You're too drunk to even try and whip something up in the kitchen and you obviously can't travel anywhere. What do you do?Pizza man, bro. They deliver until 3 AM? Huge plus already. My friend is apparently a carnivore and "doesn't like vegetables on my pizza" so we ordered the large meat combo ($24) and some buffalo wings ($9.95). On a Friday night it took less than one hour to get to my house and the food was hot. The pizza was surprisingly good. nice crust to topping ratio (unlike Slice of Hollywood), and the crust is much better than other places around here (leaning tower of pizza, I'm looking at you). The order of wings = 12 pieces, and they were actually pretty moist. not as flavorful as I would have liked, so I wouldn't opt for those again. I've found my new go-to late night delivery option!
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,5/31/2012,126,1452,16,17,18>I have a dream.  A dream that entails custom crafted cocktails, delicious food, baby friendly dining and wonderful service.Forget world peace, forget the economy, just dream with me if you will.  Sorry, this isn't a dream. I really experienced this.We came in on a very, very rare Saturday outing.  We never go out on Saturdays.  For some reason my husband decided to not go to the garage to work on his cars and take this momma out.  Lil' guy tagged along as well.Just from looking at this place from the outside you know its special.  You can just tell!We were seated near the kitchen and service was attentive and friendly through our entire visit.  We started with the Salty Dog.  Its a Greyhound with Salt on the rim.  The bartender was dress all old fashioned 1920's-ish.  I loved it.  You know me, I love a good costume.  I went with the Burger and my husband had the Pork Belly Benedict.  I really enjoyed my food.  It was simple and well made.  Not to flashy.  My husband on the other hand really didn't know what to expect and the non traditional Benedict is not his thing.  I actually wanted to order what he had but I thought we could mix it up.  I liked what he had to.  I'm a glutton, what can I say?Our second drink was our most favorite, the Side Car.  It was probably one of the best I've ever had, and I've had them all over the world.  My dream of finding a place that really knows how to make hand crafted cocktails has been found.Finishing up our wonderful experience was the S'mores dessert.  It had a cube of Marshmallow on top.  I took a photo of it.  May I say that I would eat this morning noon and night.  500lbs here I come!I begged them to open up on Sundays because I would come here all the time.  Guess what?  My dream has come true!  They are now open for Brunch on Sundays.  The service was so personable and friendly.  They even wanted to be open on Sundays.  I'm sure there are a lot of people out there that wanted them open for Sunday.  Not to mention, extremely baby and kid friendly.  All my Oakland dreams are really coming to fruition.I opened my review with talking about the economy because as we were finishing up right across the street from Flora lines of cops were forming and news vans were lining up.  Occupy Oakland was choosing MY one Saturday to Occupy across the street.  Oh hell no!  We had to scarf the rest of our S'mores down and high tail it out of there before we got caught in a protest we didn't want anything to do with.  Helicopters were hovering over the place.  Admittedly exciting, but I'm the Cocktail Girl, nothing stands in my way of a good Cocktail.Love this place.  I'm suddenly very thirsty.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,5/29/2012,200,470,3,16,15>I know you're already questioning, why update a 5 star review with another 5 star review? Because this is for the Curry Corner Cooking Class that I just attended. If I could give it 10 or maybe 100 stars I would! All I can say is WOW!You've all read the reviews and know that Saras is one heck of a cook, but did you know she'll share her secrets with you? She is now taking reservations for cooking classes so you'd better get on the list. Once word gets out, you'll have quite a wait since she can only accommodate a small group at a time. Be prepared to spend the afternoon totally enthralled; time will fly by without you knowing it.  I've always thought of myself as knowledgeable in the kitchen but this class was ever so interesting and informative. Saras starts off with an overview of all the spices that go into her dishes. She peppers her "lecture" with funny stories about her life and her love of food. Her charm and wit add to the introduction of a total new food adventure. Her local shopping tips are invaluable as she provides you with the basis to prepare many different dishes. When we moved to the next step, the "hands on" cooking session, I was mesmerized by the colors and aromas that wafted up from the steaming big pots containing Fish Curry, Cauliflower with Eggs (my personal favorite), Potato and Veggie Curry and Chicken with Gravy. We sampled our final products and were impressed that these these dishes were just simply fantastic!  Let me add, Saras is not doing this to get rich. For a very minimal charge she spends the afternoon sharing her love of food from her heart. I feel honored and privileged to have shared this time with her, it was a cherished gift. With Saras' guidance I am confident that I could replicate these foods and more in my own kitchen. I can't wait to try!
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2012,5/28/2012,1205,283,10,14,15>The White Horse has slipped into my routine of pure debauchery.  That's right I visit this spot at least once a week, maybe twice, and when I'm on a roll with my regular outlaws you can find us posted perhaps 3 times a week.It's money well spent.  The drinks aren't fluffy and decorated with pink sugar rims, or fancy meyer lemons, but they sure are made with a purpose.  I love the bloodys made by Captain, and Kez always pours'em like every bartender should!  Paying $4 for Margaritas, $3 for wells during HH 3- 7pm, and don't forget the beer bust on the weekend lasting till 7pm.  The "HO" as I call it is great on the buzz. and easy on the wallet.Pool table indoors/ and outdoors in the smoking area.  Plenty of seating to smoke away, and indoors the seating is very comfy and you will never have to share a stool.  Their is always plenty of queens, drags, trans, straights, lezzies, lushes, hot messes, and friendly smiles.  As Danielle has said "Its the queer cheers"!!!  Different themes every night sometimes karaoke, 80's night, Latin nights, House night, and just good old afternoons filled with various music.Don't compare the "HO" to other spots, especially Castro.  Honestly it's a one of a kind little spot, that may not be all commercial with the latest Champagne Sparkler drink, but it is by all means a damn good bar!
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2011,5/27/2012,664,468,9,18,9>"Foot Spa" is kind of deceiving.... they don't just massage your feet.. it's head to toe!! $20 for an hour too! I think it may be called foot spa because you're on a reclining chair the whole time rather than massage beds. But it's still awesome!Location: It is located in an old building upstairs.  It may be hard to find but it's that gray building on the corner of Estudillo and Bancroft.  Atmosphere: It's really small, maybe about 6-7 reclining chairs, so it's best if you call to make an appointment. They're all placed side by side, so it's not like you get your own room/area. But it's still very quiet, they play relaxing music and videos on the TV screens mounted on the wall. The Massage itself: Start you off with putting your feet in hot water. While it's in there, the masseuse starts massaging your face! Ohh that felt so good. It was one of my favorite parts of the massage, rubbing through my forehead, cheeks, chin, and pressing pressure points on the temples. Then she moves on to the head, hair, neck, shoulders, upper back.  Then your arms, hands, fingers. After all of that, she finally removes your feet out of the water and massages that.  Tells you to turn around and does dry kneading with your clothes still on. Advice: bring cash for tip (they say $5 minimum).  Wear shorts or loose pants because they do not provide any. Overall: I was pleased.  I went because I had a knot on my foot which kind of got better but not fully.  If you really want to focus on the feet then you should tell them and they will do accordingly.  Although the masseuse does not speak much English, they are very nice and gentle.  I kind of wish she just let me sit there for 5 minutes after the massage was over just to relax, she had to tell me twice "OK, OK" meaning she was done haha. But it's a great place to go if you live near by for affordable massage :)
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,5/26/2012,564,188,14,17,15>Um, talk about customer service.  This review has been sitting in my draft box for a while now, but after my latest experience with them, it had to be published!I've been getting flowers here for a few years now.  For every occasion.  Mostly Mother's Day.  And I've even been the recipient of a couple of bouquets from here myself.  And they deliver gorgeous flowers every time.  That's why I recommend this spot to all of my friends.Anyways, onto the part that demonstrates over the top, exemplary customer service...A couple of weeks ago, I got a text from my mother pretty late in the evening asking me to pick up an orchid lei for my brother's college graduation the next day.  I would have hit up Dream World first, but I knew that they closed a 7, so I hit up a couple of other places that I thought might have it.  Nothing.  So I decided to try my luck at driving by Dream World, and lo and behold, though it was 7:45 and they were closed, they were still in the store and welcomed me in!Since I didn't order in advance, they ran out of orchids and didn't have enough for a whole lei.  Their suggestion was alternating the orchids with red carnations, which I was fine with, so they told me to come back at 8:15.  When I came back at 8:15, the husband told me that the wife had driven out to another flower spot in Berkeley just to pick up some more orchids for my lei because they didn't think the carnations looked good enough.  I was touched, but felt so bad that she had to do that!  But since she had already gone, I just went to Barnes & Noble around the corner and checked out books until they called me.  They finished at 9.  They usually close at 7.At this point, I was willing to pay whatever since I kept them for so long and they did so much, but when they told me the price, I couldn't believe it.  I had to ask, "Are you sure that's enough?"  Don't get me wrong -- I like a good deal -- but for what I got and for the effort that they put in, and at the last minute, too, it just felt like I was stealing, but they assured me that it was enough.  So yeah, talk about customer service!Oh, and as a big fat hint -- fellas, if you ever feel the urge to send me flowers, the preference is a bouquet of stargazers and roses.  From here ;)
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,5/25/2012,334,415,7,11,8>The organized chaos of hipsters, foodies, and buddhists feels like a beer garden, except with lushes downing platefuls of delicious thai food instead of pitchers of beer. EVERYTHING here is good! Vegetarian options are mostly relegated to curries, supplemented by some dessert options. The beef noodle soup is the highlight for me, with options of thin, medium, and thick rice noodles. The broth is lemongrass-scented and tastes truly home-made. The pad thai is probably the most "meh" of everything, and not something I'd spare precious stomach room for.If you've never been before, come with 3-4 people so you can try everything, and drop enough money for 10-15 tokens apiece. We came with 3 ppl, spent a total of $38 ($1=1 token), and had enough food for 4. Literally had to ROLL ourselves out!Cash only, and lines get long if you arrive after 11am.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2011,5/24/2012,294,247,17,19,20>'Tis good. Worthy of this, its 108th review.Worthy of meeting up with a friend or two for a late weekend bunch.Worthy (perhaps) of an assignation with a mysterious gentlemen, who doesn't much want to spent his last dollar on courtship. Who prefers to pay only for breakfast...We went to Solano Avenue this weekend, thinking about brunch. Passed Fatapple's on the way. (Too many folks just leaving church.)Stopped by Sunnyside where the wait was ten minutes. (Quick, but not quite quick enough...and get yo mind outta the street if you think I'm gonna make a "quicky" joke.)Ended up at the Rendez-Vous. Got a window seat pronto. Were waited on and served a delicious meal in a flash. (I had the #1, with its eggs, potatoes, tomatoes.  Mr. Mysterious had the Eggs Florentine with spinach.) Felt like we were seating in a European bistro. Terrific!Several months ago, Mr. Mysterious and I had seen a large group of Swedish theatergoers duck into the Rendez-vous late in the evening. Having  milled about to discuss a late night showing of "The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo" at the Albany Theater next door.   Talking in Swedish, of course. With swirls of pungent tobacco swirling about their heads.We imagined the group extinguishing their omnipresent cigarettes near the door on the way into the restaurant. And we imagined the group  ordering cups of Gevalia, with lemon rind curliques. And arguing the finer points of the film far into the night.Rendez-vous is that kind of place. Quintessentially European with a flair for the vaguely theatrical. We enjoyed our brunch enormously. Walked back up Solano Avenue past Kathyrn Roger's almost Swedish-modern  office building (Sogno Design Group.) Walked under the elevated BART tracks and pretended for the moment that the train was speeding toward its distance destination in Stockholm. Considered pausing for a quick game of chess at the "memorial flame" on Key Route.  But we already knew who was likely to win. Rendez-vous Cafe Bistro?We liked you. We'll meet again. Maybe next weekend.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2012,5/23/2012,239,220,15,13,11>I don't recall when, where, or how I had learned about The Olde San Francisco Creamery (probably from Man vs. Food), but it struck me when J and I were sharing an overwhelming desire for something cold and sweet: we had to get the kitchen sink!J chickened out within less than an hour of our meetup, suggesting I take on the kitchen sink alone.. Such an adventurous friend, he is. Since I was famished, we stopped by Lettuce, where I got to munch on a free brownie and large Cobb salad. We arrived at around 9:45pm and still found ourselves waiting in a line that extended out the door. This is why America is fat-- the place was packed!As we drew closer to the front of the take-out line, the hostess grabbed us a table. I wanted to order funnel cake fries, but I knew I shouldn't. Our friendly server was very patient with my indecisiveness. I ended up with three scoops: strawberry cheesecake, caramel white chocolate chip, and cookies n creme with Jersey topping (whipped cream mixed with caramel and chocolate?), hot fudge, and Oreo cookies. I dug through a little over two scoops and immediately felt my stomach expanding.. I finally understood what pregnancy felt like, and it became more apparent as the infant-sized ice cream globs sat on my bladder.. I don't know how you ladies do it. So rich, so creamy, little bits of nuts scattered on top with hidden pockets of gooey fudge-covered Oreo cookie bits, iced with caramel-brown whipped cream.On the walk back, my tummy churned in pain.. The baby kept growing larger than my body could handle, and was stabbing my pancreas with a very large fork. I could hear a faint cheering of, "Diabetes!" coming from within. I felt hot and cold at the same time.And then came the lady.Right as we were about to cross the street to the BART station, a disheveled blonde woman asked for $2 to make a small food purchase at Target. J, in passing, pulled out his wallet and handed her a dollar. She thanked us, and then commenced a long lecture about (1) the dangers of sleeping on BART, (2) the "laugh of affirmation", (3) how you can't call the police on the police, (4) never calling the police when you're in danger, (5) what a dangerous and scary place the world is, (6) how the police are secretly evil and will mark you as a "code red" for no reason. For that single dollar, we were endowed with life lessons that took her years to figure out. Her exposition was supported by great enthusiasm and endless stories about her experiences with the evils that follow her. She was all fired up and ready to tighten a few ropes. "Such a sweet woman," I thought. I wanted to lean over and give her a hug.The convoluted experience put me in a Descartes mood. I couldn't help but to wonder if my brain had absorbed all the excess sugar and caused a slight case of psychosis... Now, I'll never know. Thanks a lot, Olde San Francisco Creamery. Heck, I think I even peed sugar this morning.In case anyone was wondering, the star was subtracted for the impregnation-- an hour of some harmless fun should never lead to such suffering..!
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,5/22/2012,777,1202,18,23,20>This is my favorite spot to pick up the end of the Ohlone Trail - from the Lichen parking lot, just head for the trailhead and start hiking - uphill all the way!  Well, at least it seems like that.  I first came here with a family friend, John Stois, who was an avid hiker - and who invited me out when I first moved back from grad school to the Bay Area.  We went out every weekend for six or seven months, til I moved from Napa to Mountain View.  By that point, he had me hooked on hiking!One of our early spring hikes was to Murrietta Falls - a seasonal waterfall that is an 11 mi round trip from the Lichen parking lot.  I've hiked the Ohlone Trail from Mission Peak, almost crossing the Sunol Wilderness before turning around, but I think if I ever camp here - it'll be from the Del Valle trailhead.The views are amazing - you can see Mt Diablo and Pleasanton/Livermore quite a lot on the way up.  There are all sorts of animals - footprints of deer, fluttering quail, and evidence of extremely busy woodpeckers (who you see in the warmer weather) - loads of dead trees just drilled with holes stuffed with acorns.There is a lot of uphill hiking - I did the trek today to route marker 36 - just a bit past it so I could honestly claim a 10 mi round trip, and was able to keep up a 2.33 mph level and get back to the parking lot before sunset.  It was a bit chillier than I expected but perfect for moving and not sweating out all the water sucked down from the camelback.I had way more interaction with other hikers today than usual - there was a woman in her 50s running UPHILL with a waterbottle in each hand, who then ran back down hill to find her hubby and back up again - who told me she was on crutches just a year ago with a meniscus repair.  Then I ran into two men who were bellowing at the top of their lungs for someone - a friend who had cheerfully gone off to backtrack and look for glasses - which were found resting on a nearby rock where the trio had taken snacks.  I told them I would deliver the message and they described him as "Dan - he's blonde" "No, he's bald" - and it was a good 30 minutes of hiking uphill before I came across young Dan, with a shaved head and the body of a Greek Adonis - he had gone all the way back up to the top - a good 2+ miles - and back down - slowing on the downhill, he said because he knew it was bad for his knees.  I told him that his friends had found the glasses and were treating him to dinner for his effort and then laughed when I thought of their horrible description of this amazing friend who would go off solo on an extra 80 minutes of hiking to find a pair of glasses!  I hope they got him a good dinner!Another solo woman hiker advised me that she only went as far as Pear Orchard and that the falls were dry - probably better to turn back earlier and "don't forget it's cooler hiking downhill than up!"Then I came across three Asian-American 20-something young men - two of whom were DYING of exertion - I advised them to turn around and go back - they had a head start of an hour on me, based on the sign-in sheet - and it would be dark in 90 minutes.  I got up to the next marker, 36, had a snack and snapped some photos - it was a gorgeous day with blue skies, light haze - no cows.  The tiny blades of new green grass are just coming in under the dried stalks of rattlesnake grass and white oak leaves, giving the hills a silvery-green quality - not quite spring, but not exactly winter.As I headed down the Big Burn, I was hopeful that the 3 young men were way ahead of me - but came up on them just the other side of the creek crossing below marker 37 - flopped down on the grass where the other three men had picnicked and lost a pair of glasses.  The tallest of this trio was ready to go - but his buddies were exhausted and I said "Come on you guys! I'm your mom's age!"  And after advising them to change out any sweaty cotton base layers as the temperatures dropped and making sure they had at least one flashlight - I continued to the next marker - making it from marker 36 to marker 38 in just 50 minutes!Today's hike:  past marker 36 and back, 4h 20m.  No knee pain, some foot pain, no blisters.  I'm going to be feeling Big Burn on my backside tomorrow, that's for sure!
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2011,5/21/2012,206,442,4,6,4>The owner of the company I work for took all of the female employees on a shopping spree yesterday (life is so unfair!) and we stopped at Cafe Rouge mid-way for belly fuel.  The restaurant itself is very cute with a European feel.  Our large group sat upstairs which gave us a great view of the cafe.We started off with complimentary freshly baked bread and my side of the table ordered the Fritto as an appetizer.  The plate included breaded and deep-fried haricot vert, onion rings and cremini mushrooms with aioli.  The mushrooms were definitely the stand out.  For my salad course I decided on the Kale Caesar and it was pure garlicky goodness.I went decadent with my entree and opted for the amazing burger complete with every available topping on the menu.  WOW is all I have to say.In addition to the food we all ordered really interesting cocktails and even finished with an Irish coffee.What a treat for lunch and what a day!
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,5/20/2012,290,361,11,8,10>Ladies and gentlemen the 2012 campaign season for Best Burger has begun, and I want to bring your attention to a candidate whose virtues and track record precede it.Fivetenburger has been slingin' juicy patties on sumptuous brioche buns with integrity, accountability, and it really understands its burger-eating constituents.  This a grass-roots campaign...well, grass-fed anyway.The first time I had the pleasure of dining with this upstanding burger truck, I knew theirs was a platform I could get behind.  They have it all: the knockout grass-fed beef, perfectly toasted bread, an array of cheeses, fried eggs (not to be missed!), and garlic fries to kill.So, I urge you, east bay areans, to consider your choices when you go out and cast your eating vote.  Choose fivetenburger for a more delicious, more fulfilled America. I'm Marissa C., and I approved this message.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2012,5/19/2012,151,178,20,21,19>If gluten is evil, a few weekends past I was dancing with the devil. English muffins for two brunches. Two big, real wheat beers late Saturday. And my first-ever Zachary's pizza for an Oscars party (mini-Yelp review of Zack's: "great deep dish").My body paid for it. But was it worth it?  Hell yeah. And the most delicious offender of all was my sandwich at Southie. Joanna roped the troops in for some pre-evening chowdown. Adjacent to its big brother Wood Tavern it's a t-shirt/jeans vibe vs. WT's button-down/jacket feel. It's also small, but a late afternoon arrival meant no crowds, and room to our sextet to set up camp at the front counter/bar area.  So my sandwich:  the "Slab" (yelp.com/biz_photos/QRw-…) Chunks of self-described bacon, so thick, they spawned discussion as to when does bacon become defined as pork belly. Regardless, this gray area was delicious. Doubly decadently paired with avocado, which provided wonderful contrast of flora/fauna fats. With radicchio and a caper aioli, all in a La Farine baguette, one of my favorite breads period. Others enjoyed their offerings with similar gusto. The warm Saint Andre & arugula looked amazing and, meatless as it is, will be my next sand there.  The "Spicy Hog" pulled pork on a soft round bun, got rave reviews.  Then there was the meatball sandwich, "The Balls."  I'll keep a 5-block radius from any puns (tho did wonder if a sausage sandwich's name would get similar wit) and just say it was popular with the eater.I loved it here enough to bring my friend Jeffers the next weekend. Still gluten-free, I opted for the truffled bacon and poached egg salad on frisee and romaine (yelp.com/biz_photos/QRw-…). Delightful taste, lightly filling, and a near-perfect poached egg (9.5 on the jiggle scale). The split bowl of potato/parsnip soup though was a bit bland and definitely under-salted. But soups, as much of their menu, can rotate daily. Jeffers got the pulled pork sando, which was sporting a different bread than the soft round one from a week prior. As for the staff:  the folks at Southies are so friendly and cool, I'm tempted to submit a job application. Not just courteous and attentive -- they seem to really enjoy being there.  And you can't help but share the feeling.  Ex: on my short wait for the unisex bathroom, the chef, cutting bread, offered me the end pieces to nibble on as we talked bread. Being personally fed by the chef while waiting for the loo -- does life get any more pampered? Again, Southie is small, and popular, so expect a wait during peak times ... but it's quick turnaround so not a long wait. And worth the indulgence for the gluten-lite crowd.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2012,5/18/2012,152,388,8,11,8>I like this park for a quick short hike. If you are a newb or lack endurance for steep hiking trails (just like me), this might just be the right spot for you. You'll meet and greet some cows along the way, just leave them alone and they'll do same thing. You'll get a nice decent view, not necessarily breathtaking but if I would hike here, I wouldn't come for this reason. It's mainly for quick exercise or cardio. Would I give this place a 4-star if I were one of the residents of the new homes developed nearby? No.Don't step the turds.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2012,5/17/2012,68,137,18,21,17>The hype surrounding Oakland's lone Michelin-starred restaurant seems so overblown it nearly forces you to put tires to pavement and eat somewhere else.That would be a mistake.The prix fixe menu on an April Saturday night was $75 a person with a $45 wine pairing. By the end of the three-hour, eight-course meal, the price felt right, and all hunger problems were fixed.Chef James Syhabout (foodandwine.com/best_new…) is a bona-fide Bay Area culinary star, and it's because of dishes like "sea scallops with black tea and spring flora, perfumed with fresh bergamot" and "poached farm egg yolk with alliums, smoked dates and malt." (Those were courses No. 2 and 3). The wine pairings were as varied as they were pitch-perfect. They spanned the world's vino-producing regions, from France to Italy to Mendocino County to Napa to the Canary Islands. The Canary Islands? Yes, the Canary Islands. Tweet that.You want a few more salivation-inducing descriptions? You got it. The double-headed main course: "grilled cod, peas and pea leaves with crisp artichoke and young ginger mustard" and "lamb roasted with eucalyptus, caramelized sun choke and dried pear confit." It's like getting punched with a left hook and a right uppercut.To finish, a dual dessert, including a "dirt pie." It featured about 14 kinds of chocolate textures, and after we jokingly told one of our hosts that we'd take two more, two more came out from the kitchen, and finished off the transformation of our midsections into Michelin spare tires.Burn rubber to get to Commis.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2011,5/16/2012,457,309,6,9,6>Dear Rick and Ann's, Why have I strayed from you?  Clearly that was a mistake.  Now that I've found you again, I want you cooking me breakfast every morning of every day for the rest of my life.This trip to Rick & Ann's was even better than my last one.  Yes, there was a wait.  But there's a nice waiting room.  And if you wanna wait outside, there are cute hummingbirds flitting around everywhere (seriously, it's magical).I again sat on the patio, and thankfully, it was a pretty nice day!  They also have heat lamps so you're not freezing out there.Now, the food.  This time, I unfortunately did not have enough space in my stomach to get myself the pork chop I'd been dreaming about since my last visit here, but I DID get an amaaaazing habanero sausage scramble.  I loved everything about it: the habanero sausage, the onions, the cheese, the corn (oh, the corn), and of course, the eggs.  Yum.  Came with home fries that were well cooked and a choice of toast, muffin, or scone.My friends got a mushroom omelette and cornmeal pancakes.  I didn't get a chance to try the omelette (although they seemed to like it -- especially commenting on the feta cheese and the eggplant), but the cornmeal pancakes were heavenly.  Almost like cornbread doused in some maple syrup and an amazing whipped butter.Although there was a wait getting seated, the service was quick and our food got out fresh and fast!  We ate, we conquered, we paid and left.Based on the food and service today, I can't help but upgrade Rick & Ann's a star.  This was lovely, thank you!
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2011,5/15/2012,338,1028,7,9,8>Fantastic beer selection, both on draft and in the bottle.  We bellied up to the bar where a staff person answered all of our questions regarding the different beers available.  I thoroughly enjoyed a Stone Double Bastard (double IPA) and then the High Water Retribution IIPA. (95 IBU!)  The more hops the better, I say.  Parking: Metered street parking and lots nearby.  Parking on of just off Locust is probably your best bet. Seating: Limited. Tables in the front, bar seating in the back.  Price: Very reasonable.  Price and beer size vary based on each specific brew. Food: Limited. Cheese plate, salami plates, etc.  Plan to go here for the delicious beer and hit up a restaurant nearby for your eats.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2012,5/14/2012,547,730,8,13,12>I really, really should not like Bowl'd.Every fibre of my half-Korean body resisted coming to Bowl'd for a long time - it looked too clean, too new, and too friendly to be anything close to my beloved SoCal Korean joints.So while my verdict is still out in terms of authenticity...I really enjoyed my trips to Bowl'd. The ingredients are fresh enough that it justifies the somewhat pricey 12 bucks it costs for soondubu, and learning that the family that runs this place also runs Ohgane also probably goes a long way to explaining why I enjoyed Bowl'd.Probably the best thing for me about the soondubu I've had here is the thickness and richness of the broth. I'm guessing Bowl'd goes a bit easy on the anchovy for the broth here (at least to my palate), but the broth still had a richness to it that most other soondubu places I've had in the Bay kind of fail at. My wife was a bit bummed out, actually - she enjoys the soupiness of other soondubu places so it mixes better with her rice. But she also spoke highly of the mushrooms in her mushroom soondubu - and indeed, after I tried them I'm inclined to agree. They were very flavorful, and very fresh tasting. For my own soondubu I mixed beef and kimchi, and was a bit bummed I had to pay extra to mix the two when most Korean joints already provide a beef and kimchi option. However, the quality of the beef is way higher than you get from other soondubu places - it was soft, and not chewy at all.For a starter we ordered bindaetteok, called mung-bean pancakes on the menu here. Though the dipping sauce was a bit uninspired, the quality of the fry on the pancake was superb - crispy and moist, but not greasy, and just a bit of flavorful char on it. I would like to see more ingredients in it, as well - maybe some nice overripe, pungent kimchi.Banchan is pretty good, and I dig their house made kimchi, though it's not as fishy as I normally prefer. So despite all of my picky qualms, I still really, really enjoyed my meals here, and I think I'll probably be back soon.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,5/13/2012,662,352,10,16,14>One word: Mojitos!Two words: Ropa Vieja!Three words: Massive center table!Four words: Cute bartenders and waiters!All of the things that I love about Havana. After coming here numerous times since it opened, I always return. Mojito Mondays are awesome, with all of their pitchers of any of their 12 different types of Mojitos 1/2 off! Paired with a Trio of Tacos for $5, you have yourself a real happy hour.I like to bring a group of 15-20 people and take over the long, high center table (I always call ahead to warn them of our impending arrival) and stay there to enjoy drinks and food throughout the evening.The atmosphere is always jumpin', dinner tables surrounding the median table are always packed, and it's usually standing room only at the bar by 6 p.m.From the start, a great addition to the Walnut Creek restaurant scene.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,5/12/2012,193,290,12,12,10>Impeccably done. While I will always remember this corner spot from my days of ballet lessons at nearby Shawl Anderson (it used to be Capizio), I couldn't have hoped for a better revival of the shop. Low lighting. Slick bar, side tables and center counter to perch yourself and bask in the glow of modern chandeliers. Chalk on the bathroom wall. Very superstitious? I came here for an event, so I haven't had a glimpse of the spot "on its own", on a Monday night (are they open Mondays?). However, when you're itching for a romantic bar that give wine the spotlight, this is exactly the kind of place you'd try to imagine, if your imagination is any bit as classy as mine.I had the flatbread with mushrooms and arugula, which was a great bite (but again, I have no idea if its a regular menu item). I don't eat meat so I had to get hyped about the desserts: a flourless chocolate cake and a persimmon pudding, both served in bite size pieces on crisp gingerbread (almond?) biscuits. Blame the "sexy-in-the-air" but I let slip my hyped up reaction to the flourless cake's goodness by telling the server that I wanted to hump it. I, myself, have no idea how I would do such a thing, especially since the idea just sounds like a chi-chi cliche of a movie already made for college students. So, I'll just eat it next time, and savor the fresh whipped cream exactly where it is--on top of a baked dessert.Date yourself, or someone else, here.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2012,5/11/2012,1027,1954,8,15,12>Yum's is a REALLY special and ambitious little restaurant.  I mean, they have crab and lobster prepared in 10 different ways.  Can you really ask for more?  If you're in the mood for going all out, I would check out the pre-order menu.  There are some gems on there.For a casual lunch, my baba and I got a couple things:-Giant steamed clam (guai fay pong):  Each of these babies cost $6 but I like that you order however many you want.  It is such a delicacy and treat!  -Yee mein with scallops:  Simple but flavorful.  Unlike chow mein, this is cooked in a broth and served with additional flavoring.  Then you have pieces of shredded scallops and that's about it.-Squab:  Like the clam, you can order however many you want and one is usually good for two people especially if you plan on ordering other things.  It's fried so the skin has a really nice crispiness and the meat is flavorful even without the dipping salt.  Go easy on the salt.I am coming back FOR SURE.  So glad to have tried this place because it totally warms my heart.  This is what real Chinese food is like so throw your kung pao and orange chicken in the trash.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2012,5/10/2012,93,325,7,8,8>I don't believe in love at first sight, so I wasn't really sure what to think of the name "Love at First Bite."  However, having heard friends rave about this cupcake shop, I made a point to give it a try.  And I have come back a handful of times.The cupcakes are good.  They are a little pricey but about the same as other cupcake shops.  I like the Pretty in Pink the best.  I also like the lemon and vanilla.  They always seem to have more chocolate options left at the end of the day when I have come by.  They are decent but for the rare treat, I stick with my favorites.As for the name of the shop, it is growing on me.  I do thoroughly enjoy each cupcake from the very first bite.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,5/9/2012,2016,1122,12,12,11>FINALLY! I was so happy to hear that Patxi's opened up in the East Bay Area and I would no longer have to make the long drive into S.F. for this fantastic deep dish pizza. When it comes to true Chicago style pizza this place does it right and really gives Zachary's a huge run for the money. With my drive into Lafayette and the time it takes for the pizza it's over an hour out of my day but once I have that awesome pizza in my car and on the way home it's so worth it and I'm in true pizza heaven. They have some terrific pizza combinations I don't get at Zachary's and some really choice meats so you can really taste the quality here. I'm a huge fan of the Spinach Pesto Pizza, Spicy Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza and the BBQ Chicken Pizza of course. If your used to Round Table Pizza or one of the other big chain guys you might not get this kind of pizza and it may not be for you. If your a true fan of pizza done right and really enjoy your crust your going to fall in love with pizza all over again for sure.The only thing I don't like about having this new location so close to home is that I have finally got my butt back into shape and haven't been eating as much of this kind of food as I like. Oh well I guess I can say goodbye to my summer swimsuit plans! Oh it's so worth it! :)
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2011,5/8/2012,424,1322,17,21,21>When I got married almost 3 years ago now, and we were going to honeymoon in Maui, I decided I didn't want to fuss with mascara or the Tammy Faye Baker look if I cried (which happens often and incidentally, my middle name really IS Faye). I had a makeup artist come to my home and bestow me with long lashes that didn't clump, run or hurt. I really liked the look and had them done one other time, but then decided it wasn't something I wanted to keep up with (I am not that high maintenance) so I went back to my regular old routine with an occasional trip to the drug store for some DIY eyelashes for "special times" (like the YEE Pink Party). I am embarking on a new decade shortly-the big 4-0 in 3 days and we are going to Vegas to see a show, eat some hopefully delicious food and for me-to play a bunch of poker (after all, playing poker is how I met my husband). A couple of my friends from high school are joining us, as is my Mom and a friend of hers and one of my husband's cousins who I adore. It should be a great time. Since this is a "special occasion", I decided I should treat myself to some pretty lashes that I didn't have to fuss with myself and due to the powers of Yelp, I found this location of Lashfully (they have several others) and made an appointment.This location is brand new and the outside still has paper in the windows, but the inside has a very nice set up with a comfy couch for waiting, a lovely receptionist and some really great music that I enjoyed thoroughly. My appointment was with Desiree who was an absolute doll and very professional. Getting a "full set" of lashes takes almost 2 hours, a fill takes about 45 minutes. Make sure you have enough quarters to fill a 2 hour meter or park in a garage close by to walk. I was lucky to have finished my appointment before the parking police caught up with me!The lashes are supposed to last about 3 weeks and then start falling out if directions are followed properly. I may decide it is worth getting a "fill" and even my teen queen told me last night they looked "awesome"! **All forms of credit and cash accepted. This is expensive but totally worth it!***
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2012,5/7/2012,174,447,10,10,8>Finally, a restaurant at the Public Market with table service and wine.  I rarely allow my diet to include pizza, but was happy that I did today. Interesting concept, all the tables are communal.  Great place to dine with friends or chill by yourself. My chosen dining companion was my iPad. I was not thrilled that despite several empty tables, a lone woman sat at my table and way too close. Really special when she blew her nose, but I digress.  I had excellent service. The Soave was tasty and  pizza was delicious. It had a thin crust and perfect amounts fresh ingredients. The one I choose had procuitto, tomato sauce  and mushrooms.  My only complaint is that they should have some veggie sides.  If you put broccoli rabe on a pizza, you can offer it as a side. They do have salads but I was in the mood for cooked veggies. Great stop before a pedicure or movie.  So sad the bookstore is gone.  Recommend.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2012,5/6/2012,382,382,17,19,17>Dear Buffalo Chicken Salad Fairy,Thank you for sprinkling your Buffalo Chicken Fairy Dust Magic on Jack's Brewing Company.  I've never been so happy with fresh leafy greens, spicy and zesty buffalo chicken (grilled b/c I'm trying to be good somewhere) and all the fixings to make a completely delicious salad.  Also please thanks your friend, the Kids Menu Fairy, because the last time I went with my friend and her sweet little baby--We got the grilled cheese kids meal for her and it was delicious also....plus I got to eat some of her fries because I so smartly swapped out the fried chicken for grilled.Oh and please give a shout out to the beer fairy (aka server/bartender).  Service is consistent and I keep coming back.Your Fan,Robin L
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,5/5/2012,587,806,9,12,11>Man, I wish they had more theatres like This!!From word of mouth, I heard about this place and am I ever so glad I did : )We came here for an independent film ( wish they had more options of movies) the movie certainly did not impress, but the Vine did. It doesn't get much better than having food served along with beer and wine at a theatre ..well, I'm sure it can get better, but this is pretty darn good.This is an old school theatre probably built in the 1930's, located in good ol down town Livermore.The beer and wine is priced a little expensive however, that goes with any theatre beverages and food items. They have a good selection of beers and local wines. I had a glass of Thomas Coine Merlot priced at $7.00 its served in a plastic cup ( which I of course, wish was served in a plastic wine glass, but hey can't be perfect : ) It was a very nice wine. We didn't order any food but it looked good.The theatre we were in, had really spacious seats, some areas with round tables and that had vintage pictures on it. It was pretty cool.Overall, the service was ok, the ambiance of the art deco like theatre was way cool and of course the nice beer and wine selection was an extremely great addition. I also hear that some of the theatres have big comfy couches ( as long as its clean) I would look forward to checking out that. Needless to say, I will be back : )
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2011,5/4/2012,231,454,23,25,22>Yesterday I didn't feel so good.  I had leftovers from the wonderful evening at Great American in my veins.  My brain was dehydrated.Today?  Goodness.  What a difference a day makes.More precisely, what a difference Rachael made.  I fall in love easily, with waitresses and masseuses.  Toll takers.  Others.  20 minutes into the laying on of hands last night I fell off that same cliff.  But this time it was different.  About halfway through I emerged on the other side of the traditional infatuation to find myself in a space I'd not previously occupied.  It was as if there was a door in the back of my wardrobe, one I'd never noticed before ...I woke this morning singing, and I haven't stopped.Piedmont Springs is lovely.  It costs no more than a supper with cocktails.  Its effect is more enduring.  Mind, though, you may need to sample the wares of one of the other service providers.  Because Rachael will be taken.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,5/3/2012,331,587,15,17,16>If you were in Uptown a few years ago and wanted a drink, your best bet was to hit up a liquor store and fill your flask (mine was from Ikea) with whatever whiskey you could afford. Getting tired of losing my funnel and receiving funny stares for my flask, I stood at some nondescript Uptown corner and yelled, "Bring it on, bars!"I'm pleased to report that oh, it has been broughton.There's now no shortage of places to have a drink near Grand and Broadway, but Plum Bar has brought it and there's no such thing as too many cocktail bars. Plum Bar takes mixology to the the Ph.D. level, deconstructing familiar combinations and wedding new flavors to make a serious yet playful quaff, worthy of your study and wildly delicious. These drinks deserve your trenchant analysis and repeat tastings. I had a grapefruit gimlet with tarragon, black pepper, and ginger, and a friend had a bourbon and rose water based drink. These drinks might be the most innovative in the vast Uptown land.While a great drink can almost set the entire scene, there are other important variables that come into play. The decor is simply beautiful with a lot of greenery near the end of the bar, American poetry adorning the walls, and a magical lightbox on the wall behind the bar. Our bartender was a gem: talkative but not intrusive which is a hospitality skill that I appreciate. There's a small menu of bar food that as of yet remains untasted, but hopefully not for long. A most worthy addition to your cocktail crawl. Definitely a quieter and more subdued atmosphere than Van Kleef, Dogwood, and 355, so depending on your taste it's either the perfect place to begin or to wind down. Bookending your night with Plum Bar might not be a bad idea either.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,5/2/2012,184,198,9,20,8>I hadn't quite gravitated to Gecko Gecko despite its proximity to my work until a colleague suggested it for lunch one day.  I've been back a couple of times since, which speaks to the good quality of the food.  I'm not sure I would really call it Thai, more like Thai-California fusion- which is how they bill themselves, but everything I've had has been quite tasty.  The clear winner is the salmon, in almost every application - the grilled salmon salad, the "jammin salmon" - a clear indicator that it's not country Thai we're talking about, and the one with butternut squash and eggplant. It seems to be consistently perfectly cooked, not overly dry the way most Asian resaurants serve it, but not so very rare that your midwest relatives are afraid they've been led to sushi.  I've also had yummy daikon cakes, good if mild curries, and ok Pad Thai and Tom Ka Gai.For my money, I'd probably prefer a more authentic Thai experience, with spicier dishes, but as long as I don't compare, and just evaluate the food on whether it's tasty or not, GG fares very well.  It seems like the sort of place you could take a virgin to Thai food and have them like it - it's very clean, and the square plates and decor give it a slightly hipper and more upscale vibe than other Thai places.  The relentlessly hard surfaces, however, can make the noise level rise quickly, so if you're losing your mid-range, like me, you may want to take someone you didn't really want to listen to!
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2012,5/1/2012,325,666,16,15,12>Brainsss! Must have brainssss! errr eggs. I mean eggs. I'm not a zombie, I swear. Well, maybe a little when I'm at this awesome zombie themed diner. Looking for the dictionary definition of a greasy spoon? Digger's is a greasy spoon on crack. It redefines the classic American diner. They've got everything that an average diner has but then they take their menu one step further with all sorts of crazy deep fried things, and phenomenal shakes. A chocolate peanut butter will blow your mind. It's like a creamy Girl Scout Tagalong. I drank the diet defying shake in about 3 minutes. Brainsss freeze. Food wise they nailed it. I dig super spicy food; and I have to say that make a fiery omelette. The Inferno is hot, you've been warned.They don't normally serve poached eggs on the weekend, but my awesome server push it through anyway.The only thing that turned me off was the restroom condition but I'll still go out of my way to eat here.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,4/30/2012,88,71,7,8,9>Mexican Mocha with low fat milk and add shot, where have you been all my life!?Well now that we have found each other, we have had a nice love affair going on. Everything seems to be working out just nicely, with no end in sight. The baristas really take their coffee serious. They make the most artistic foam designs, which I always look forward to. Note: Make sure you have cash, as they do not accept credit cards, unfortunately.Good news is that there is a bank down the street (Wells Fargo).If you don't like mochas because you find them to be too sweet, you should try this mocha. I feel the same way about sweet coffee and this has it all. Not too sweet, savory and spicy. mmmmmAs for the ambiance, I feel as if I am not cool enough to hang out here. Not that it matters because usually it is packed and you can't find a seat. Regardless, that will not get in the way of my long lost love.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2012,4/29/2012,1017,341,12,14,13>Wow. Just got back from a lovely, romantic evening at Yoshi's, and couldn't have asked for a better night.My boyfriend and I wanted to go somewhere nice to celebrate our 2 year anniversary (and a belated Valentine's - college schedules can really take a toll on romance), so we decided to give Yoshi's a try. We walked in and were seated immediately; our server was super friendly and attentive but not overbearing in the least. We started with the carpaccio, which was absolutely delicious. The meat was so finely sliced, with an incredibly good sesame marinade poured over it. My boyfriend got the C Minor plate of various kinds of sushi, while I got the spicy miso and teriyaki chicken breast, served with a side of roasted bell pepper and some marinated greens. The chicken was juicy, and of a generous portion, the vegetables were very fresh, and the flavors were mouth-watering. The tamago roll I had was pretty good, but the egg to rice ratio was a little unbalanced.We completed the meal with dessert; I got the cafe brownie, served with a scoop of coffee ice cream, while my boyfriend got the gelato trio. We sampled each other's desserts and were impressed with both - definitely a great conclusion to the meal. I was also very impressed by the artistic, careful plating and presentation of every dish we got.Tonight there was a jazz performance in the restaurant's theater, so the nearby bar area of Yoshi's was packed with people awaiting showtime.After having been left with such a great first impression from Yoshi's in Oakland, I have to say that I'll be back again, and would definitely recommend this place to others. Perfect for date nights, anniversaries, or any special event.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2011,4/28/2012,219,140,4,6,6>You know that certain, specific satisfied smile that creeps over your face when you've just finished a deliciously filling meal, and your stomach is stuffed to the brim?  I'm wearing one right now.  Why?  Because I just finished an AMAZING meal from De Afghanan.From start to finish, everything about my experience was A+.  The ambiance is perfect -- it feels authentic, but not overstated.  The server that helped us was friendly and very knowledgeable about the dishes.  He made some great recommendations that we took and really enjoyed.  He recommended the Bolani, a potato pancake dish, as an appetizer, and we ordered the lamb, beef, and chicken kabob dishes as entrees.  My chicken kabob was tender, juicy, not dry at all, and insanely flavorful.  Despite how full I am, just talking about it makes my mouth water.  My dining partners had similar sentiments on their dishes.  I didn't get a chance to try the beef kabob (it disappeared rather quickly), but the Lamb was quite good, and I typically don't like lamb.  After we finished our meal, the server brought us out dessert, on the house.  It was the most interesting dessert I've ever had.  On the bottom was crushed ice and rice noodles (what?), ice cream on top of that, topped off with some crushed up pistacios and rose water.  Heaven.  In your mouth.  Basically: De Afghanan is the bees knees.  The shiznit.  Keepin' it 100.  Go... now.P.S. I couldn't be happier that this is my 100th review!
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2011,4/27/2012,767,878,5,6,7>Cappuccino on hand, rainy weather and good company.Farley's East gives me that sort of vibe, when I come back home. Makes me wish I almost never left the Bay Area. In any case, it's a two story, hipster-esque coffee shop with a cappuccino to die for (foam to liquid ratio precisely made). A lot more power outlets for any Laptop or Macbook junkie to procrastinate (or retain productivity) for hours on end.The best part of all of this is, it's literally a few minutes away from a place I used to call home. Cheers, hopefully you'll still be around during the holiday season.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,4/26/2012,161,197,6,14,11>Delicious! I love the new incarnation of the Laramie vision. I've been eagerly awaiting this opening and wasn't disappointed. Joined by my foodie friend to try it out, we ordered a good mix from the menu to get a feel for the place. Of course I got the Chicken, a half Rotisserie Combo (choice of 2 sides) I got sweet potatoe fries and a nice veggie salad that included beets, carrots, avocado and green beans. My friend ordered the Shrimp Rice Bowl and we shared an order of the Skewered Beef Hearts over fries and some passion fruit juice to wash it down. The chicken was very good, moist and the seasoning was flavorful but not overpowering. You also get to choose 2 dipping sauces out of three available. The sauces had tough to pronounce names, but I just called them, red, yellow and green. My fav was the green. I would still rank Zaki's rotisserie above this chicken, but he's been doing it much longer. The veggie salad was the perfect side, clean and refreshing and pretty sizeable. The sweet potatoe fries weren't as crispy as I would have hoped, possibly cut too thin, but they were seasoned and ok. My friend raved about the Shrimp Rice bowl. Large bowl, it came with 6 or 7 large, sauteed and sauced tiger shrimp. The shrimp were crisp and beautifully done. I only had a taste, but was very impressed by the offering. I ordered the Beef Heart Skewers not realizing it would come over fries. This came seasoned, grilled and with a dipping sauce also. On the menu it's sort of listed as a fun app, but I could totally see myself just ordering this alone and noshing on it with a beer. I just thing beef heart is something we don't see enough of on menus. And the potatoe fries there were sitting on? freshly cut and very good. I was curious about something called Purple Corn Drink on the menu, and they gave us a sample to try, and it is AMAZING. Light, refreshing, mildly sweet with a hint of cinnamon and clove. I am definitely getting this next time I go back, which I hope to be very soon.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2012,4/25/2012,327,431,8,9,8>Years ago Herbivore was one of the first completely veg places I ever visited. I've been to the Divisadero and the Valencia locations many, many times. However, I think the Berkeley location may be their best!I've never had a bad meal here. I'm not sure if that's due to the fact I avoid the bombs I had from the other locations or not. Pretty much everything is good here. The only things I skip are the supposed Asian dishes. They usually come out pretty bland from what I've had at the other places. If I want that, I head to Golden Lotus, or now my new face, Thai Idea in SF.I recently shared their crispy tacos and the penne with Pesto. The tacos were good as usual but that pesto... Damn! I wish I knew what was in that sauce. It was perfect coming from from a vegan that's sampled "regular" Pesto before. The parmesan wasn't even missed!Our server, Tiffini was sweet and helpful with the menu since my lady has a mild mushroom allergy. She informed us that the Ravioli contained mushrooms after consulting the cooks so we ordered the penne instead. She gave us a few extra garlic breads and was quite pleasant.I like the atmosphere and the bar here. I wish it was a little more lively but hey, that's what word of mouth is for.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,4/24/2012,119,95,10,17,5>I've been a member for around 3 years if not longer. My first day, I kicked the bag and my standing foot slipped out from underneath me like I was Charlie Brown and Lucy just pulled the ball away. I landed on my ass on the padded floor and was like... WTF? Anyway, I've improved greatly and I get a good sense of satisfaction from getting that loud *POP* when I kick a bag or pad now. I kicked my partner once by accident, but let's not go there.I'm not sure what one of the other reviewers below is talking about when he said one year contracts are required. There are options for full year prepay, half year prepay, or month by month contracts. If for whatever reason (injury, travel, etc), membership can be put on hold for a one month stretch. Perfect for me since I travel a lot for work for weeks at a time. Evening classes can get large, but mid-day and morning classes are more sparse. Even in a packed class, I rarely bump into others; part of fighting is knowing where everything is at all times anyway. If one constantly can't avoid contact with a neighbor, I'd hate to see what a right hook can do to that person. The coaches and some advanced members walk around correcting form and are always available for help. Just like in any large class, they can't spend the entire class helping one person, but they have always been available to me before and after class. Sometimes I drop in mid-day when there are no classes just to get technical help. If you show interest in bettering yourself, they will be there for you. Some members just want to burn some calories and be left alone; unless they're doing something completely wrong or dangerous, they'll be given their personal space. There are small advanced classes for real one-on-one help. I take muay thai, boxing, and "strength and conditioning" classes there. I'm interested in the new TRX/strength classes, but haven't made it yet. There's yoga also, but I get plenty of that at Funky Door--I hear they're great classes especially since they're geared towards fighters and not someone seeking inner peace under a haze of incense and Himalayan salt candles. The MMA/jiu jitsu classes look really good--very small classes with 4 people on average. I want to do this one day, but I see their warm-ups, sliding on their backs across the mats and it makes me think how much I sweat and some passerby on the street is going to YouTube me, call me "the human snail," and make me the next big Internet meme. Unlikely, but hey, this is my review. There are kids classes too. I wish I had a place to go to like this when I was a youngin'. A typical boxing or muay thai class starts with jump rope warm ups, then some stretching and maybe some pushups. Then a routine is called out (for example: jab, jab, right, left upper cut, left hook, right cross, repeat) which one does air-punching. Then some more combos are called out, then everyone goes to partner up with someone--one person holds the mitts/pads, the other puts on gloves--class begins, then the partners trade off. After class, usually the class gets tortured into doing a lot of situps, crunches, burpies, squats, pushups, etc. The floor mats are of high quality--I'm always embarrassed by the rorschach-looking sweat print I leave after doing situps, but it dries in seconds. When I was training for the Oakland Marathon, the folks at PRS organized a running group. We went all over the East Bay and SF ramping up the miles. The staff monitored a beverage station near the gym too. I wouldn't have finished the marathon without their help.The locker rooms have a bring-your-own-lock set of lockers, a toilet, sink, and separate shower stall. The women's locker room has a privacy curtain at the door so no peepers can get their peep-on. I assume their locker room is the same, but it probably smells like strawberries and Saturday mornings (in comparison).
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2012,4/23/2012,156,323,13,13,12>I have been to the Holy Land... The Holy Land in Oakland, that is.  And, the food is, in my opinion, worthy of the restaurant's name.  I had been wanting matzo ball soup for months. Leave it to Tsada Kay to give me the 411 on this place, and I am glad she did.The matzo ball soup is very flavorful. They use cilantro -- I don't even like cilantro but it was not overwhelming in the soup.  So if you like the matzo ball soup but are too lazy to make it yourself I would highly recommend this. The falafel pita was also very good.  I will definitely return and try other things on the menu.  Those stuffed grape leaves looked inviting...
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,4/21/2012,375,578,8,17,11>Ever since moving to the East Bay last year, I have been on a mission to find my new local pho spot. I love getting pho'd up from time to time and I am very very pleased with the quality of the pho from Oriental Restaurant! I've been on a quest to find the same delicious broth that is found in many Seattle pho restaurants and I'm pleased to say that this place comes pretty close to being a favorite! As far as Bay area pho serving establishments go, this place is currently holding first place in my book!Although it's quite small, don't let that hold you back from coming in and ordering up a great meal. Fast food preparation, fresh ingredients, quick service, and low prices, this place is a local diamond in the rough. The cold vermicelli noodle salad is delicious, the egg rolls are super crispy but extra scrumptious, and the veggie pho is tasty. Large amount of vegetables, noodles, and tofu bits floating around, it's perfect if you're getting sick, had too much fun the night before, or want something tasty, light, affordable, and healthy to warm you up from the inside out. I would recommend checking this place out if you are craving some great Vietnamese or Chinese food for a low price!
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,4/20/2012,85,71,7,10,11>When my friend first showed me this link, my eyes grew wide, jaw dropped, and hands slammed on the keyboard. This was too good to be true! So without further ado, my quaff crew frolicked over on a drizzly Tuesday night.It was fun browsing their selection of bottled beers as we were waiting for everyone to arrive. There were a lot of labels I've never even heard of, but especially working in the design industry, I got a kick out of looking at all the different branding styles. (Nerd.) The tap menu was overwhelming. In an awesome way. Half of the beers on tap I also have not heard of, so a friend and I opted to order a flight (4 samples) each for $6.I tried: Monkey Fist Hefeweizen, Ta-henkat (Spice beer), Liberty Pale Ale, and Great White (Belgium white beer). Ze results:My friends all like the Great White due to it being super smooth, a win if you're accustomed to light beers. The Ta-henkat was surprisingly good! From what our attendant said, the beer is brewed with herbs and spices that are reminiscent of "ancient" "Egyptian" ale. It was actually not as radical as I thought it would taste and had a pleasant barley flavor. Monkey Fist was a typical hefe, though my friend claimed it was more "banana" hefe than she would've liked.Out of my friend's flight, I only remember two: favorite, 5 o'clock Shadow (stout), and least favorite, barley wine. The stout was DE-licious. The coffee flavor was subtle but present, and it was extremely smooth with just the right amount of hop. Least favorite: barley wine. It wasn't just the taste, but the texture threw me off. I felt like the liquid was slightly gummier/starchy than regular beer.My other friend ended up choosing a bottle of apricot IPA from the fridge, which her attendant courteously poured in a glass. (They charge $1 service fee for that, but hey, for good beer, why not?) I tried her drink and I have to say, the apricot IPA is the sure winner over Pyramid's apricot ale. There were no artificial syrupy aftertaste with the apricot IPA, and since it is an IPA, the fruity beer retained a good amount of bitterness and hop.OH, and they serve you a bowl of pretzels and chips if you're drinking there. (Pretzels make me happy. Win.)Overall, the place is very chill, friendly, and a good place to go to further your beer education.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,4/19/2012,204,145,8,11,10>My Mother-in-Law use to live right in the Heart of Montclair and we were sad when she moved away because we wouldn't be frequents to the Montclair Egg Shop.Since she was in town to visit we decided why not met at her favorite spot like old times. The entire wait staff and cooks all remembered her because she went there so often. She received several hugs and hellos the time we were there. The place is very inviting and they have a variety of breakfast choices in their menu.The food is insanely good! If you want an omelette the way you want it, you will have it here. And if you want classic great service you will find it here.Sadly the cute train that hangs over-head was out of order but it is very sweet to observe and I know kids get a kick out of it. They get to push a button in the middle of the restaurant that sends that train into town.There is always a wait because the place is packed. I cant agree with any of the reviews on here about parking because we have only gone to the Egg Shop on Sunday so parking is free. Plus the extra bonus is the Farmer's Market the quaint, regal town holds on Sundays.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,4/18/2012,223,178,11,23,20>I absolutely loved staying at this bed & breakfast! This was such a different vibe than staying at an inn and I could not stop being in awe with this beautiful experience! Everything was spotless and we felt so at home on the yacht.. The flickering candle lights, the wooden floors, the zen decor, the complimentary bottle of wine and chocolates.. It really does not get any more romantic than this! This place just makes you want to stay in and lounge all day and night with your significant other. In addition to the beautiful boat, the view from the marina was spectacular as it overlooked the ocean and the skyline in the distance. And it only gets better from the top of the deck! This would be such a great place to hang out on those warm summer nights because it's just so darn beautiful! The location is PERFECT to watch the sunset/sunrise as well. This yacht also included a hot tub that we so badly wanted to take advantage of but by the time we came back from the city, it was freezing out. Next time, for sure!  Instead, we took a blanket and sat in front of the window facing the ocean view and drank wine the rest of the night. Absolutely lovely :)What merits a 5 star in itself is our wonderful host and owner of the boat, Scott. He was extremely kind and accommodating which made the experience that much better. He is also an extremely good chef and put together for us one heck of a breakfast! We loved waking up in the morning and walking to the living room to see that the table was being prepared. It was a 5 star meal... The quiche he made was DELICIOUS and it still makes my mouth water when I think of it! This is a DEFINITELY MUST GO for anyone who wants to have a nice little getaway. It's close to home but being on this yacht makes you feel like your hundreds of miles away. We LOVED our stay here and there is no doubt that we will be booking another stay here in the future! I highly recommend this to everyone... Honestly, if anyone were to ask me for birthday/anniversary ideas, Barkissimo would be the first thing on my mind. I had such an amazing experience and I know others would too!
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2012,4/17/2012,64,706,9,10,9>Myself, hubby and ten other brunch brigaders converged on this cleverly placed industrial chic restaurant on a not so favorable Sunday afternoon (kinda chilly). With it's steely grays, warm earth tones and rustic woods it was a very comfortable space without being too cold and uninviting.Once we were all seated at the long wooden table (no this wasn't the last supper), the waitress along with her support staff made sure every glass was filled with water and drink orders were taken. Throughout the short time between drink and food orders, they all made sure our glasses remained full.Food orders were taken and being that I am now calorie-conscious, my brilliant hubby suggested that we both order sandwiches and split them (we emulated one of our favorite yelpers). This method is quite simple because not only do you get to eat what you like but you also get to try what your spouse likes too, WIN WIN. Anywho, I ordered the Cuban Pressed Sandwich ($14 - Black forest ham, pork loin, cheese and a mildly spicy sauce I couldn't identify) and hubby ordered the Fried Chicken Sandwich ($14 - Carefully fried chicken breast on top of a bed of cabbage & red pepper coleslaw and chipotle aioli on the side). The cuban sandwich was the best sandwich of it's kind that I've had on the west coast however my heart still belongs to one in Brooklyn but I digress. Now I may be burned at the stake for saying this but I personally thought the fried chicken sandwich was better than Bakesale Betty's (I know, I'll go out to the wood shed and pick out my pile)!I'm so glad I chose this place for our first brunch spot of 2012 and by the looks on the others faces, I think they were thinking the same. Bravo Bocanova for handling us with such charm and style.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2012,4/16/2012,273,265,10,14,12>This stand has been a staple in my diet since I was little little.  Well, littler than I am now.  I know, hard to imagine, right?My favourite dish to get here is the wonton soup with garlic added in.  So super yummy!  I've never tried their rice bowls, which are a fairly recent addition, but the udon is always great.  They're served in a gigantic bowl filled to the brim with soup, noodles, veges and whatever else you asked for.The family that owns this stand are super awesome too.  Very kind and courteous.  Like I said, I grew up with them.  Check it out if you're in the area.  There's nothing quite like hot soup to make you and your tummy smile.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2011,4/15/2012,843,273,12,14,13>Ok, I like Tadamasa BECAUSE the ramen texture is a little firmer.  If I'm in the mood for the softer variety, then Ajisen-bound I go. Previously, I rated this place 3 stars, and that was mostly due to price. Oh, heck, I say. Here's the fourth you should have gotten from the start.  The broth is rich and flavorful except for one time (I've only ordered the Kara Miso on all visits)... I must point this out because I hope the business owner is reading this: please make sure your food is CONSISTENT in quality! Also, I'm a little miffed that they give you so little protein that in order to get the same amount of meat other ramen places serve, here, you have to pay $1.50 for the extra charsu.  I remember the first time I came, they give two thick cuts of the pork.  Now it's three thin slices unless, like I said, you shell out the extra dinero.  Other than that, the noodles have a good bite to them, broth is savory, egg is perfect, and corn is fresh now instead of canned, I think (still on the cold side this past time).  I have to admit, I have days where I craaaaave the stuff.. down to my very bones.  It's no bueno for the diet-and-exercise thing, but that must be a testament to how good this ramen is.  Let's not forget the edamame.  First, let me say that I am a complete and total garlic and cheese ferrrreak!  This was the first time I had them and the only word I can find to describe them is HEAVENLY.One thing I think definitely needs improvement, though, is the speed of service.  She's always so very nice, but even when it's not busy, why oh why does it take so long to get my food?  And with cold corn at that?  No matter.  I officially heart Tadamasa..... and I suppose waiting for good food is better than not waiting for mediocre food.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2011,4/14/2012,883,311,9,9,11>I really dig any place that centers a menu around beer.Having the mighty Hefe being brewed mere blocks away from my parents house always brings out my local pride.  So I went on a hot and spicy date with my mustache clad man friend at prime dine time, Friday at 7.  The wait was only about 15 or 20 minutes, which isn't that bad considering it was poppin'.  We were sat upstairs, which brought me endless pleasure (I love seeing the food being cooked, and being able to see down people's shirts is a big plus).Our server (Alex?) was super quick and very friendly, and was kind enough to let me get sloshed on beer.  We started off with the pizza sticks, which came out way too hot but were delicious.I landed on the tri-tip sandwich with mac and cheese, which was fairly yummy.  The tri-tip was a bit too sweet, but the mac and cheese was insane. I loved the bacon in it.  I found it a bit too pricey for what it is but I am a big fan of beer. I was also fairly drunk when I left, jug o' beer in hand. So that may have created bias in this review.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2011,4/13/2012,259,248,12,14,12>I admit, I was a wee bit skeptical when I drove into the strip mall to discover that KBBQ was in disturbing proximity to the Golden Arches. However, seeing the extensive praises Yelpers had gave me the extra bit of courage to continue inside.That was when I struck gastronomic gold.It was a bit chaotic inside due to the lunchtime rush, but our group was seated immediately and had our orders taken seamlessly. Maybe we were just lucky, but we didn't have any problems with the service as some of the reviews suggested.Already off to a good start, my mind was made up when the Banchan made it's appearance. Helpful tip: the authenticity fo any Korean joint can be gauged by the spread of Banchan offered, and I hadn't seen an spread like this since my three month long trip to Korea.And then the food began to arrive: Sahm gyup sahl, Bulgogi, Dolsot Bap, and Mushroom Dubu. Each dish better than the last, I soon found my belly PAINFULLY satiated well past the point of any normal human being. Moaning in exquisite agony, I tentatively made my way back home hoping that sleep would bring respite from my belly's uncomfortable burden.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,4/12/2012,93,121,12,12,11>DELICIOUS FLAVOR ORGY.Wild Chicken Rotisserie is ridiculous. I don't know what kind of sorcery they employ at this restaurant to achieve their magical flavors, but I'm pretty sure it involved the sale of one soul to one devil.I'd been told about this joint about a year ago, and two of my Yelp friends gave it rave reviews, so it was just a matter of time before I finally stopped by and gave their delicious offerings a try. I'd just had a long day at work and wasn't in the mood to cook, so I hopped to it and ordered the Peruvian rotisserie chicken. My first impression of the restaurant was that the aroma caused me to salivate like a rabid Pavlovian dog. I mean, WOW. Okay, back to the chicken. There is no way this chicken is legal. If it is, in fact illegal, it needs to be legalized, regulated, and taxed. It tastes amazing, and probably won't make me piss hot on a urinalysis. The sides are pretty yum, too, with my standout favorite being the yellow sticky rice. If the gods are Peruvian, then this is their ambrosia. The garlic mashed potatoes are right behind that, and look to be made of real potatoes, not the powdered variety. Side note: what do powdered potato plants look like? If it's anything like boneless chickens, maybe I'd rather not know.And their flat bread! I dipped mine in the white gravy I was given to go along with my garlic mashed taters. Nerd summary:If Wild Chicken Rotisserie was a game piece in a Role Playing Game, then it's +5 Flavor Spellcasting, -2 Diet Strategy.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,4/11/2012,215,284,8,9,9>Whoever said eating yellow snow is wrong.. they must not have had yellow snow from here! Hubby and I ventured out in search for exotic guilt-free desserts (I'm preggo... and well he can sometimes look it) We bookmarked this place and glad we were able to try it! We shared the Tropic Mango. Oh man! Its like no other shaved ice. I mean Hawaiian shaved ice is bomb but I can't afford to fly the island every time I have a hankering for flavored snow. And this is different from Hawaiian shaved ice. The snow here is already flavored whereas Hawaiian shaved ice is flavored with syrups AFTER its shaved. And bonus.. they add fresh chopped mango, lychee and popping bobba (effing amazzzzing!) I don't know why this isn't all the hype! This stuff is wayyy better than frozen yogurt by far! Plus its primarily fruit based snow.. awesome cause the hubby is severely lactose and can get farty. You must try it. You will not be disappointed. TIP: hold the sprinkles.. it just doesn't mix well
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,4/10/2012,327,261,10,16,16>You cannot help but feel enraptured by these indulgently moist and deliciously sweet cakes. The best part is they come in smaller sizes.  They call the Bundlets a single serving - but I would much rather have the Bundtinis which are palm-sized that come by the dozen...so you can mitigate some of that break-the-diet guilt OR try more than one flavor in one sitting.  ;)  Over the cupcake thing?  These are a great alternative to any potluck or office party.  yelp.com/biz_photos/PIYF…The service was spotty when they first opened but I've had many visits since then and they've ironed it all out.  I ordered 8 dozen which I had to individually wrap to give away as baby shower favors.  They were a huge HIT.  The quantity I ordered didn't qualify for a corporate discount but they did shave off 5%, and I was so happy that I was able to get them in any flavor combinations I so desired!  And I desire these cakes.  I desire them a lot. ;)Our favorites? White White Chocolate, Red Velvet, Lemon & Marble.  They do have seasonal flavors too - so keep your eyes open for those!  They have different samples daily - so come in to try some and be smitten. Having an NBC at this location definitely brings a bright spot in this lackluster part of the Fremont Hub, and having an NBC bundt cake is indubitably a great pick me up for any cake lover like me!
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,4/9/2012,188,268,38,41,41>This is one of my favorite restaurants.  Va de Vi is a Catalonian phrase meaning, "It's about the wine." They have a great wine list, but the food is to die for. I've been coming here for years and never had a bad experience.  You order a bunch of small plates to share.  I love The Wedge- iceberg lettuce, creamy bleu cheese dressing and bacon.  I also love the Duck Confit, the Roasted Alaskan Black Cod, and the Pommes Frites(garlic fries).  But my all time favorite, drum roll please, is the Ahi Tartare!  I was walking by the restaurant the other day and there was a woman sitting at a table near the sidewalk.  They had just placed the Ahi Tartare in front of her and I almost grabbed it!  I don't eat desserts, but my husband and daughter love the Chocolate Souffle.  I'm not going to lie to you, it's pricey, but it's so worth it.  The service is great.  You can sit inside or outside, but I like to sit inside. I like to sit by the open kitchen and watch the hot guys cooking!  Before you die, you have to try this place!!
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,4/8/2012,116,230,9,12,12>Worth stopping for!! A dive-y place where folks are happy, prices are reasonable, and food is king. Order at the counter from a nice, short menu of delectable stuff. SIt down at a table and the food will appear before long."What do you recommend?" we asked the chef, who is cooking sausage right next to the front door. "Hard to say, they're all my little children," he replies. The woman working the counter smiles and says hello, and instructs us to grab a beer or soda from the cooler. We do so, and they want only $3 for a Stella (I'm guessing PBR is probably only $2).I had the Whiskey Fennel sandwich, and Mr. Tracy A. had the Banh Mi. Both were excellent. The bread was soft and easy to manage. Sides of chips were spot on.  Sausages were delicious, and cooked to perfection. Our companions also enjoyed this place.Love the beer-garden-type seating outside. Will be great in the warmer months.One criticism: They should provide a knife and fork with the food. Too messy otherwise -- they cheerfully provide silverware when asked, though.Rather than blow a bunch of $$ at some over-priced place on College or Piedmont, why don't you break out of that rut and go down to Telegraph instead? (BTW, we thought the place was named Sausage because of the red sign outside reading, um, Sausage. Hence it took awhile to look this place up on Yelp.)
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,4/7/2012,122,110,9,11,11>In a tight, semi-subterranean basement decked out with numerous hand-painted black and white movie captures on particle board, Yojimbo is kinda grungy, yet cool.  If you ride a fixie, wear skinny jeans & Converse shoes, and have intentional bed-head, you'll probably feel cozy here.But, that shouldn't stop the rest of you hipster wannabe's (like me) from enjoying this place. First of all, don't expect Yojimbo's to carry every Japanese items like udon or soba noodles, nor should you expect your bento box to carry a huge array of appetizer items like California rolls, gyoza, and tempura. Yojimbo's offering is not common in those ways.Having got that out of the way, you should expect the food here to be uniquely tasty, consistent, and done really well.  Some things I enjoy at Yojimbo:* Side salad:   Simple in it's choice of greens which are always cold and crisp, and the creamy sesame dressing is nutty and probably one of the most flavorful I've encountered.* Salmon teriyaki bento box:    Unlike other places, their salmon is thinly sliced, but cooked just enough that it's a little seared on the outside, but not dry inside.  Their teriyaki sauce is not thick and syrupy like other places, but it's a good mix of sweet, salty, and soy flavors.  Generous helping of fresh short grain rice, and crispy side salad is a perfect complement to the salmon.* Veggie Ramen:  Their ramen here is some of the best I've had compared to the ones I've had anywhere from Little Tokyo in LA to Japan Town in SF.  The broth is quite flavorful with enough veggies, hardboiled egg, and tofu to make it complex.  If you can't handle spicy, tell them before you order, otherwise this happening bowl of soup will set you on fire!* Yam tempura roll:   This is the roll to get when you don't want something too big and too bold like the Yojimbo roll or when you don't want something too light like the kappa maki.  There's enough going on in texture and taste from the tempura yam to be a good side dish, but small enough in portion and presence on your plate as to not compete with what's really going on in front of you.With different strengths and weaknesses, there are a lot of Japanese restaurants to choose from in Alameda. Thank God for that.  But, if you're seeking a low-key, unique, and fun place with super-polite servers and good food, Yojimbo is a fantastic choice!
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2011,4/6/2012,47,273,10,6,6>I don't like drinking hot coffee. For some reason, the heat makes me feel gross and upsets my stomach. I therefore only drink iced coffee or iced espresso drinks. I also tend to drink them pretty soon after I wake up. It's totally worth the gross just-brushed-my-teeth-and-drinking-coffee feeling to not feel like death. Anyhow, on this fine Sunday or Saturday, I forget which to be honest, the boyfriend and I ventured for brunch at  Jodies. This took excruciatingly long and they did not serve iced coffee. After what felt like an eternity at Jodies we finally leave and I drag him up Solano to the nearest place that would serve me iced coffee. Reaching afternoon without coffee in my system is an awful feeling. We walk blocks and blocks until I finally say we should turn around and demand we walk down the other side of the road because it's impossible that we've walked so far and not passed a single coffee place on Solano. Here is where I strike gold. Cefeina, my savior, Cafeina. Thank you for your delicious and copious serving of Iced Coffee.Mr. Barista, Thank you for your speedy service and your lack of (noticeable) judgement when my coffee madness was reaching it's peak. I will be forever indebted to you for staving off the inevitable headache my body uses to tell me my caffeine levels are dangerously low.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2012,4/5/2012,151,211,9,8,9>An amateur chef at best, I love to play in the kitchen. Thanks to Oaktown Spice Shop, I have found some very fancy, yet affordable toys for my playground.First off, the concept of a spice shop is SO cool. I think the last time I saw a spice shop was in (nerd reveal) Colonial Williamsburg. Just the other week I was up at boyfriend's mom's place and we were talking about how she can't find good quality star anise anywhere. Oaktown Spice Shop to the rescue! Also there are a bunch of pre-blended steak rubs and barbecue spices that look perfect for some summer cooking. And dried Harissa! I couldn't even find that at the middle eastern food store. Pre-made paste just isn't the same.I was fortunate to squeeze in to the Yelp field trip for the mustard making class. I ate so much mustard I don't even want to think about it.  Shop owners John and Erica are too cool! They knew exactly what to blend and what to try to make some amazing mustard. I'd love to have 1/100th of the knowledge they do! I really hope they have more classes like the mustard making. As John mentioned, after taking this class now I have a great  idea for holiday gifts. On a final note, I'd just like to mention they have ghost peppers for sale. Anyone up for a ghost pepper challenge? Youtube it and let me know ;)
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2012,4/4/2012,304,73,12,18,10>In moving from LA to the Bay, i lamented at the thought of leaving behind all of the excellent Mexican, Salvadorian and Peruvian offerings that my fellow Sureños had to offer.. . Will i still be able to find $1.50 pupusas and $1.35 Jalisco-style tacos in the Bay Area? Will they be watered-down to appeal to the hippies?This is where the Fruitvale district comes in, and fulfills my lust for Central American food. Food that's most likely cooked in lard, corn tortillas that are still handmade, and customary cooking practices that give indigenous/ethnic food its charm.Thanks to the law of averages, i was able to surmise (from its star rating) that "Los Cocos" served some damned good Salvadorian Food - so, my fellow Pupusa fiend and I hopped in the car, and arrived at 1449 Fruitvale Ave in a matter of minutes,  stepped foot inside and enjoyed the best pupusas we've had (to date) in the Bay Area. I only wish they sold Mexican Coke....
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,4/3/2012,628,530,8,13,11>Gotta love cornmeal waffles and perfectly fried buttermilk chicken.  Don't forget the brown sugar butter!  Can't beat fried pieces of dough with powdered sugar all over and homemade jam.  What can possibly be wrong with fresh squeezed orange juice?For the Oakland marathon BSK had a rad DJ spinning beats and OJ and Water for all the passing runners.  It was a perfect spot to observe the event.Not the fault of BSK for being so popular, but our "20 minute" wait was actually more like 1.5 hours and it was good that the runners and DJ kept me entertained or else I would probably have gone into a hunger rage and just consumed some poor unsuspecting hipser's food.  I find it a bit hard to relax and enjoy my meal once I got it because so many people were waiting that "leisurely" brunch wasn't really a considerate option.Food is totally FABULOUS!  Just be willing to wait for it.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,4/2/2012,378,165,27,34,32>An absolute gem.  I quickly became a regular. Everyone is warmly greeted, seated and pampered. The owners are from Turkey, and their generous hospitality makes me miss my days living in that wonderful country. The bread, and pasta are made by hand daily.  The focaccia is addicting so prepare yourself.  I ate the tops off all three pieces. Nice crunch.One of my favorite dishes is their signature ravioli's with mushrooms pancetta, and a Gorgonzola cream sauce. Just typing the words make me drool.    At $14.95, the pan seared milk-fed Veal Medallions with grilled Lemon Caper sauce is the most expensive dish on the lunch menu. Perfect with a cold glass of white wine. Another amazing dish is the Minced Lamb, caramelized onions, parmagiano-Reggiano, in a Filo Pastry place over a Sherry Demi Glace.I will be eating my way through the list of sandwiches very soon. One of the vegetarian sandwiches that caught my eye is the Hummus, eggplant, roasted peppers, fresh greens with sumac aioli. I can't waitI love that they have at least three daily specials, and the menu changes with the seasonsAsk your server to pair a wine with your meal. They are excellent at it. AND, their pours are very generous. They're also very proud of their specialty cocktails. So to make them feel good, I have one every time I go in. *wink  Don't expect glamorous décor, expect wonderful food, and amazing service. Daytime parking-meteredEvening Parking-shared lot across the street. And as the pro's would say -$$ They again, have been chosen one of the top Mediterranean restaurants in the bay area by SF Gate. Believe me, SF Gate got this one right. Hope to run into some of my Yelp friends at Asena soon.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,3/31/2012,317,326,13,13,12>I'll admit it.  I like Americanized Chinese food.  I mean, why do people act like it's a bad thing?  If it's poorly prepared, Americanized Chinese food, that's one thing...but if it's fresh, hot and delicious Americanized food, who cares?That brings me to Green Garden.  We ordered two notoriously "American" Chinese dishes, beef egg foo young and sweet & sour pork.  We also ordered combination chow mein (I am Filipino, but my 3 year old daughter DOESN'T LIKE RICE.  WTF).  Everything was super tasty and served piping hot.  Portions were huuuuge.  They must have used half a dozen eggs for my ginormous beef egg foo young.  I was slightly embarassed when the server brought it to me.  Luckily we were the only diners there (which I'm quite surprised about).  Only complaint I have about the food is that they were a lil skimpy on the shrimp in the chow mein (only two in the whole order.  sad face. )As other reviewers have mentioned, Green Garden is located inside a strip mall.  Don't let that deter you.  Once you're inside, you'll forget you're in a strip mall because it interior is very nicely decorated and quite cozy.Service was quick and friendly.  I'm looking forward to going back to try more of their food.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2011,3/30/2012,726,863,18,15,15>Recognize. It's become tradition to inhale something I really miss almost as soon as I land in California from Boston. Sometimes it's In-n-Out. It's usually tacos. Me and Mexican food have a strained long distance relationship. My ex I left behind in San Francisco really wanted me to try to see other people but still be with him and I foolishly kept myself chaste for him because I thought nobody in Boston could compare to him. Well, thankfully that ended terribly. Mexican food's kinda the same. I am welcome to eat Boston's Mexican food but still have California's as my true love. Well, while Boston's men could certainly hold a candle to my ex, Boston's Mexican food cannot hold a candle to California's. So, I go without. And then, as soon as I land, I devour three tacos in record time. I know I should take time and savor them, but I miss them so much that I cannot hold back. La Penca's carnitas "street tacos," though twice what you would pay from a taco truck, taste better than how that first romp feels after going without sex from the one you (foolishly) love for six months. Their carnitas have the right amount of flavor, the right amount of crispy, and they compliment their sauce with the right amount of spice. Of course, if you're an out-of-season consumer like me, this instantly turns into painful heartburn. But I let that ride. That heartburn was well-deserved.Hence, yesterday was the start of my taco tally--wherein I count how many tacos I eat during my visit. I try to eat enough of them to get sick of them so I won't miss them when I leave. I think I had 12 during my last visit.I don't know where to start on their overwhelming selection of margaritas. OK, I do know where to start. They're half-off during happy hour. And this is where I once again face my colonial Puritan repression from New England. I live in a Blue Law state without happy hours. That margarita may have tasted better than it really did because it was only, like, three dollars...which is about as much as a street taco. But the bathroom keeps me from awarding this place the five stars it should earn. The bathroom sinks only go to one temperature--scalding hot. Fix that, and you get your fifth star, La Penca.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,3/29/2012,1429,411,14,12,14>If you said to me, "Greg, tell me one thing about Berkeley." I would reply with, "The people who live there are flipping crazy." Now if you said to me, "Greg, tell me one good place to eat in Berkeley." I would steer clear of the typical 'Gourmet Ghetto' answers and reply with, "There is this amazing falafel spot on Telegraph called Maoz Vegetarian- you should eat there!" Followed by the warning "But watch out, the people who live out there are flipping crazy." And so I thank you Groupon for leading me to Maoz Vegetarian- a true smorgasbord of scrumptious shrubs. Sorry to all my Armenian brothers out there, but falafel has never tasted so delicious until the day I met Maoz. The salad bar stacked with pickles, broccoli, carrots, garbanzo beans, snozberries- you name it. A price that is decent and a staff that is incredibly friendly. I recommend the falafel in a pita, of course- and loading that bad boy up at the salad bar. There are premium add-ons you can purchase (hummus, eggplant, feta cheese) but the salad bar is enough for me. They also have a wide selection of drinks(lemonade, arnold palmer) and I hear the sweet potato fries are a hit. I'm a fan, and will continue to frequent Maoz often.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,3/28/2012,330,444,13,13,15>What in the world did this venue used to be!?  It's sooooooo strange!! I didn't eat here, but I drank and watched a performance- live shows and then a DJ too. I felt like I was in a barn in the mid-West here for some reason.  Seriously, this place is a trip. There's a downstairs and upstairs....when you enter, you basically just walk straight into the club- no entry way or anything- everyone can see you, like you're on a catwalk!  Are there really 3 bars in here? I think so!?  The downstairs had tables and chairs set up, but 1/2 of the floor was open for dancing, and the stage, which is not very elevated, also takes up quite a bit of floor space.  I agree with the reviewer who said the open windows to the outside is sort of uncomfortable- there are 2 sides of the space facing outside that have gigantic walls of windows and while cool, not that great for acoustics and I felt sort of naked with all the huge windows where people could just see right into the venue. Who doesn't love a spiral staircase?  I do, and we went upstairs after grabbing drinks at the downstairs bar.  There is an awesome sitting area up there!  There is also a terribly ugly and awesome blue neon sign that hangs up on the wall reading: 'V.I.P. Shots Bar'.  Okay.  There isn't anything V.I.P. about the upstairs, but there could be.  There was yet another little bar scene going on up there with a nice barmaid her little bar station had really good fresh squeezed juice!  Wish I had gotten all of my drinks from her. Finally, the pinball.  Man, I got INTO the Lord of the Rings game!  I was killin' it!
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,3/27/2012,1211,478,13,21,21>Owners Charlotte and Matt do not joke around when it comes to meat.After winning numerous awards for BBQ and they pride themselves in using no salt and only using natural sugars.I wish I could tell you what to get and what to skip, but unfortunately for me (I have tried them all), they are all delicious and flavorful.  Text PHATMATTS TO 87365 to get their weekly specials and Wednesday-Friday, they have a Happy Hour from 4-6pm where all beers and wines are $3!  (They also have beer on tap)And save room for dessert!They offer:Smoked Candied Bacon and Smoked Chocolate Candied BaconSmoked Chocolate Candied Bacon Pecan PieStrawberry Cobbler (Friday through Sunday)Closed Mondays and Tuesdays
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,3/26/2012,563,337,20,19,20>OVER 60 signature sushi rolls, OVER 50 designer sushi rolls (created by other customers) AND....  you can customize your own sushi roll! You wanna throw peanut butter and jelly on some sashimi?...  Wierd, right?! But it's been done.  Seriously...  The menu is huge and yet the owner informs us there is much much more that is not on the menu.  Just let them know what you like and they will give you a variety of options.  If you try to read all the combos on the menu, it will take a while...  Oh, and the sake menu?!  Just as extensive...  The sake menu is thicker than most Japanese restaurants' entire food menu.  They were also on "Best of the Bay" back in October 2010, in case you didn't know. =P
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,3/25/2012,643,560,16,16,12>I passed by on a late night and this pretty bright pink place caught my eye. Today I decided to check it out. Its a huge place with tall ceilings. What was this place before? The inside is really inviting, I love the pink and purple, how cute! The workers all wear bright pink polos. One even offered to give me a tour of the connected music cafe telling me about the $10/hour promo. She mentioned that while they only have drinks for now, they'll soon be adding food to the menu. I ordered the milk tea, hot with aloe vera. It was very yummy contrary to what previous reviews have said about their other drinks. True story...while the workers were outside handing out samples a group of school age children getting off of school bombarded them. They graciously handed each and every child a sample. The little "xiao peng you" children almost knocked them over (see picture)! They happily skipped away with their cute cartoon square backpacks bouncing up and down yelling out "thank you GeGe, thank you Jie Jie!" AWWWWW....my heart!Pros:-big parking lot-awesome customer service-free tour of music cafe -free wifi (shown on receipt) -comfortable seating-lounge area in the far left corner with leather couches and cute red side tables-free samplesCons:-groups of teeny boppers frequent at random hours of the day. But they go as quickly as they come-cash only, as with most places in chinatownI'm going to give this place a good try. I fortell coming here after hours...perhaps unsober. Boboa & singing till 3-4am. Does that totally put me in the FOB category?
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,3/24/2012,190,446,4,13,9>Loved the hike!EBRPD has property all over the East Bay, of which many locations have public access.  Black Diamond is great because of it's history and use.  I took the mine tour on a school field trip 25 years ago and never realized the breadth of the preserve that's above ground.  What a great place to visit!  It appears that the prevserve connects to the lake at Contra Loma.  Lived here my whole life and just learning these things!A spring visit seems ideal.  The East Bay gets pretty warm in the summer, so stop by while the grass still has some green.  It was turning during our hiking visit, but it was a perfect day.  Plenty of water and good shoes or boots are a must if you're on foot.  Some trails can be used by bike or horse, but all can be hiked.  And, boy did we hike!  Solid hill training out there if you're interested.  Loved it and will return again!Mrs N and I stopped by the cemetary first due to my desire to revisit it.  It was vandalized many years ago and some has been rebuilt.  Though not terribly exciting, it represents a life and time of the 1870's.  A rough life it must have been in these little mining towns, since many of the tomb stones were for some very young people. Morbid but history often is.  Makes one appreciate what they have.  From there, the hills called us to them, so we hiked around for a few miles before coming back to the upper parking lot and having a nice picnic.  Very interesting terrain and views.  Seeing the rolling hills with grass blowing in the wind is a great connection to nature.  We intend to visit other parts of the park on our next visit, as well as bring the kids back for the mine tour.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,3/23/2012,387,1585,8,10,9>I'm not a huge mac n' cheese eater. Going to Homeroom takes me back to a time when I'd spend my childhood eating my brother's famous chili mac. (He'd make Kraft Macaroni and Cheese and throw in chili beans and hot dogs.) The interior is filled with an old school card catalog and pictures from your childhood in the bathroom. If you want to get all nostalgic, you'll love Homeroom. There are several variations on the menu and all are made with homemade cheese so unlike the gross powder, this mac and cheese has some kick in it.My friends and I each tried a different one. Lupe M had the original with bread crumbs on it. Patricia M got the Trailer Mac which is complete with smashed potato chips and hot dogs. I ordered the Mexican Mac with jack cheese (my favourite), chorizo, spices and a lime. All of them were quite delicious it just depends on your mood. The prices were reasonable and the portion is big enough to split. I had plenty to take home for lunch today. We were lucky we didn't wait too long.  This is a great place if you're looking for a mac n' cheese fix.Also, drink pairings are listed on the menu. I need to go back to try the homemade rootbeer.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2011,3/22/2012,190,161,8,8,8>Who wants to go to Sideboard this weekend? Oo, me, me, me!That was me, while I was living in CA. I wanted to go there every weekend. I love Sideboardddddd *crying*.You first fall in love with the overall "cuteness" of this place (the decor, vibe, people, neighborhood, etc), then you fall in love with the AWESOME food. Then you see that they serve Blue Bottle coffee there and you're like, "Uhm, where am I? Is this truly on earth?"But then you get the bill and then you realize that you are in fact still alive and on earth, because nothing that good in this world can be too cheap. Definitely really overpriced for the type of food they make, but boy, I'm such a sucker for their delicious dishes! What's awesome is that they have different specials everyday and you'll almost never try the same thing twice.I love sitting there and reading, and by the time I am digested, I order myself a cup of s'mores hot chocolate, sit on their porch area, and read. That's the dream weekend afternoon right there. I love Sideboard. Just wish it was a bit cheaper, that's all.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,3/21/2012,356,481,17,12,15>I had the most crackin' Saturday morning of my life here. I work six days a week. That means I have ONE day to be lazy, sleep all day, and most importantly: day drink.a friend of mine always  mentions this place, and I woke up feeling extra alcoholic one Saturday morning. The place is super small, but we went around 1:00 and there was no wait. Paul had the steak and eggs, and I ordered the Mexicano eggs benedict, along with the bottomless mimosas (Paul was my DD =P) The first one was a regular orange mimosa. As I was halfway through my glass, one of the ladies came over with a pitcher and a mischievous smile. "would you like a refill?" "yes, please""okay but this is a different flavor, so you have to chug that one first."I like the way you folks think.I asked her what flavor this new one was, and she said "don't ask, don't tell". where am I?! haha. I could tell it was guava, and the one after that was mango, and the one after that I forget.. but they were all delicious. my eggs were also yummy and a new spin on eggs benedict: served on artisan bread, with chorizo and avocado. Paul's steak and eggs were also tasty and the steak was very tender and not chewy. The played some awesome 90's jams and at one point I saw a girl break off the busboy. This place is amazing. I will be back very soon
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,3/20/2012,66,234,8,12,12>So, four stars for food, but five stars for the friendly, joking banter of the owner. My friend needed change for the meter and handed him $2. The owner handed back 2 cents and for a moment I thought it was going to go south, but they both laughed and he did get his quarters. It was like that when we ordered and when our order was brought to us. Lunch and a show. On the change note: Be careful about the meter maid here--she parks in the lot around the corner then writes tickets on foot. We just made it out while she was ticketing someone else.So, the food. Not as good a bacon burger as Luka's but half the price (about $6.50) and definitely a cut about Sparky's Giant Burger. A bigger burger, for one, and everything on it seemed fresh. The garlic fries are just regular fries with diced garlic on them, which is not quite what I expected, but they were hot and not greasy. I plan to come back and try breakfast (which they were still serving at lunch time) sometime soon.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,3/19/2012,291,487,12,16,17>I love our local Concord breweries, and Black Diamond will now be in my regular rotation for growler fills.  I've been dying to go here for months now but their crazy hours (or lack thereof) have kept me away.  Finally, the day before Thanksgiving I got off work early & dragged my hubby there.  We tried one of their samplers ($8.50) since there were 8 different beers on tap & I wanted to try them all.  It turns out that the sampler is enough to share, in fact we both left there with a bit of a buzz!I really liked:Wheat Wacker - a nice refreshing hefeweizenSteep Trail Amber - I'm an Amber beer fan & really liked the malty flavor of this oneJagged Edge IPA - not overly hoppy but great taste (see Rampage below)2011 Winter brew - I don't remember the name, but this one is a bourbon barrel aged dark brew.  Sweet & rich...just lovely!Liked:Porter - good flavor, I'm just not a huge porter fan.  Hubby really liked it.Didn't like:Rampage Imperial IPA - SO hoppy that neither of us could finish it.  It was like chewing on a bunch of dry hops.  BUT...2 of my friends who love IPA's absolutely loved it.  To each his own.Free Style Belgium Blonde - too light for my tasteMost growler fills are $12 and you don't have to have a Black Diamond growler, either.  They will fill any growler & slap on one of their own stickers to make it legal.  In case you forgot yours, they sell them in the tap room along with some 22 oz. beers & BD sweatshirts.This would be a 5 star place for sure if they were open on weekends!  3:30 to 7:30 Monday thru Friday is difficult for us folks working out of town.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,3/18/2012,474,273,10,12,10>Always, always, always a solid choice for dinner.As many times as I've been here, the food, the service and the lively atmosphere never disappoint!Some of my favorites being:- Reibekuchen (potato pancakes, flash fried and served with applesauce)- Semmelknödel mit Pilzrahmsoße (it's not as complicated as it sounds I swear! Bread dumplings with bacon, swimming in a creamy mushroom sauce)- Jägerschnitzel (pork cutlet in mushroom sauce.  TO DIE FOR!)- Bratwurst (pork links with spices made in-house)- Sauerkraut (BEST I'VE EVER HAD, also made in-house)Plus the a hefty list of imported beers for you to fill your 'boot' with!!
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,3/17/2012,1948,4780,14,14,17>Beer Beer and More Beer also offers More Flavor and More Wine in their portfolio. Turn right at Costco off the Monument Corridor and enter an Industrial Park address that is run and patronized by folks who love to make their own stuff and tell you all about it. And if you wander across the lot and back, you'll find Ale Industries and a glass of Rye'd Piper if you happen by on Thursday, Friday and Saturday between 3-7 PM. Once inside, I found about everything needed to make my own stuff (maybe later) and a working "laboratory" in full small batch production swing. That slows service down a bit if they're in the middle of a step. In the meantime, I watched the action, admired some of the glassware, and picked out a few bottles of Heretic (Evil Cousin and Evil Twin) of of the cooler to take home and enjoy. Beer from Pittsburg? Moooo!
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2011,3/16/2012,3617,1853,18,36,27>Call me a bit of a sushi snob. I don't generally go for fat, bulging Americanized rolls with fancy names and covered in sweet syrup, mayo or secret sauce. This is the clever way Koreans and Chinese, who weren't trained to make real sushi, bought a retiring Japanese' family's sushi business, and tried to make something fun for the American who doesn't know any better. You could blame it on my maternal grandparents, who owned a sushi-ya near Kobe, Japan for many years. Or my Mom, who knows all the secret Sushi names for common words like rice for Sushi. Or my older sister who loved Sushi and used to help out in the summers at the Sushi shop in Japan. Actually, I had a very bad experienced with Wasabi at a young age, so I hated Sushi for a long time, until I became and adult. So  now I love it, and I am straight forward in my preferences, usually opting for Nigiri, or Sashimi, or maybe Chirashi. I used to live in Antioch, but that was before my Yelping days. And I had discovered Okawa back then about 5 years ago, in a desperate search for decent ethnic food on the Highway 4 corridor between Bay Point and Oakley. It was slim pickings back then, although it is a little better now.  Coming in for lunch, I vaguely remembered eating here twice before, and that it was not Japanese owned, but not bad. My memory  thought the Sushi Chef was a short Okinawan, but I was confusing this place with a good sushi place I ate in downtown Salt Lake City. Teddy, the lead sushi chef here, is a short guy, with a tawny skin tone, and he was checking me out as I sat checking him and everyone else out, to see what language they spoke, and what I might expect from that observation. He was looking at me trying to judge what kind of sushi eater I would be. The staff speaks Mandarin and Shanghainese, and most all are from Shanghai, China. So I was leery, and disappointed, because that usually means not very good sushi, with an emphasis on those big rolls to hide the lack of sushi skills.But I pushed forward, ordering what I like, Nigiri, from the chef directly, not using the little paper sheet and pencil. When he quickly made what I ordered using the Japanese names (Sake, Hamachi, Maguro and Saba) and served it to me, I knew immediately that he was not your typical Chinese sushi chef! The fish were cut correctly, in an angled slice, and the right size and thickness, just slightly longer than the correctly sized and rolled rice balls beneath it. And the true lithmus test, was that he put a dab of wasabi under each piece of fish, on top of the rice ball. Most Chinese and Korean places don't do this, but it is common in Japan. And what the Koreans and Chinese usually do is try to create an optical illusion, by slicing longer, paper thin slices of fish that wrap over smaller rice balls, making it look like a lot of fish, when it isn't.  The Nigiri was very good, and I was happy. Happy enough to ask Teddy for Ikura (Salmon Roe, those larger red fish eggs), which might have been risky in another sushi-ya. So we struck up a conversation, Teddy and I. His family was part of the Chinese diaspora that came from Canton, just like many of the early US Chinese immigrants. But they went to Burma, and he was born and raised there. And later, he went to Taiwan, where he learned Mandarin. And he also lived in Japan for 4 - 5 years, where he learned Japanese and how to make Sushi. So this man not only knows how to make decent sushi, he speaks 5 languages. And he is nice, humble, and observant. Like a good sushi chef should be. Okawa has many regular local customers. They serve reasonably priced dishes. ( Entrees like Tempura, Teriyaki, etc. with salad, soup and rice, between $10 - $13; Combination Bento type meals with 2 main items, between $12.50 and $15.25; and Donburi - rice bowls, under $10.  These are all dinner prices)   It is located in a nondescript strip mall on Buchanan, not far from Sommersville Rd exit off Highway 4. Inside, the decor is clean, with Japanese style exposed natural wood highlights, and a nice colorful saltwater fish tank. The faux marbled sushi bar is nice, but the seats are too low for the sushi bar counter, in my opinion.  If you need a Japanese food fix between Concord and Brentwood, try this one. Talk to Teddy, and tell him "Eddie" sent you. (It was too hard to tell him Wanugee!)He will remember "Eddie" if you tell him "Eddie" told you to come and that "Eddie" told you that "Teddy" speaks five languages and was born in Burma.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2012,3/14/2012,744,496,17,23,22>Here's a reason why your tour of the new food capital, Oakland, is not complete with out a stop in the Fruitvale district. It's one thing to have excellent cuisine that vacuums out your wallet, but to be a true food capital, you need to have cheap, good food too. Here's what Santo Coyote offers: good food, friendly service, great value. Santo Coyote's killer bean dip is served with chips right after you place your order. And if you aren't happy at this point, you may have some type of deficiency or something...I'm just sayin'. Then when my order of enchiladas con pollo arrived, it was damn delicious. Gigantic portions, cold beer, open relatively late. And I haven't even tried the pupusas yet. Yet another reason Oakland is da shxt!
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2012,3/13/2012,66,430,9,11,11>Roast Duck. I've been jones-n chinese roast duck for weeks. And dreading the parking in Oakland's Chinatown, I took on the dreaded parking at 99 Ranch.Yep, a full parking lot, but I was determined to get my duck on.A long line at 11:00AM, I guess that's when the ducks are roasted. Two rows of the brown duckies hung there and already, my mouth was watering. I was going to buy a half, but decided to go all in with a whole duck.Except the head. A woman next to me said that the head made great soup.  I told her she could have mine. Ugh.Jumped in the car and could not resist taking a few bites. Oily yes, but so much flavor.I gotta go and get another today!
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,3/12/2012,126,1452,16,29,19>One night we tried going to The Dead Fish and it was packed to the gills with people.  Our friends we were with suggested The Nantucket.  Do I ever pass up a chance to try a new place to yelp?  Noooo!This place is definitely a dive in the looks department.  It was night when we went so I really couldn't see all there was to offer.  From the looks of the outside, its probably a nice place to come during the spring on a nice afternoon because its right on the water.  You can see the boats docked and boats cruising by.  We sat inside, because we had the babies.  They were not busy at all.  The room was almost empty except for a few random customers.I stuck with waters but they do have a custom cocktail menu that both my husband and his friend ordered two off the menu.  I cant remember the names but the one I tried tasted like Hawaii.  Like a combination of coconut tanning lotion and fresh air.  I hope that makes sense.Anyway, I started with a house salad with Ranch.  Our friends upgraded their salad to the Spinach salad.  Upgraded?  Dang, I wish I had upgraded.  My salad was good but upgrading did look better.We had an appetizer of Clams and Calamari.  The sauce for the Clams was excellent but they needed to provide more than two little toasts.  We were a table of four and I greedily ate one of them without asking.  They do provide garlic bread when you sit down to.  I believe there are free refills also.  The bread is really good and I know I ate more than I should have.I ordered the Ray's Seafood Pasta.  Mushrooms, garlic, sun-dried tomatoes, scallops, prawns, fresh fish, smoked salmon, mussels, clams, spinach, white wine & cream over a bed of linguine pasta.Ok, it looks and sounds like a mouthful, and it is, but its all perfectly proportioned.  You get just the right amount of bites of everything. My judge on how good this dish was going to be was the scallops.  If there is one thing I cant stand is fishy scallops.  These were not fishy scallops.  They were not tough either they were very very good.I loved my food.  I could not believe I ate everything on my plate (plus the loaf of bread I wolfed down as well).Everyone was very happy with their food. Our friends had been here many times in the past so they already were fans and just roped us in too.If you don't feel like being with the crowd over at The Dead Fish come here for a really quiet nice seafood dinner.  Did I mention the view of the bridge at night?  Well, its pretty amazing if you ask me.Come for the view and come for the food, I'm sure you'll like it.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,3/11/2012,1289,809,15,17,18>As a coordinator for a mentoroing program, I come across lots of different types of people with one common interest: volunteering to be a mentor.  During one of my interviews with a prospective volunteer, I asked him why he was interested in being a "big brother."He told me that there were lots of guys around his age (early 30s) who were "broken" and had few hobbies, self-esteem, didn't know how to treat other people, etc.  Preaching to the choir, dude, because you just described the majority of the men I date.After a recent unfortunate dating experience with one of said "broken" men, I decided that it was time for me to find more productive things to do, like check things off my bucket list.  One of the items was to go skydiving.So I looked up a few skydiving places in the Bay Area, and Bay Area Skydiving seemed to be the easiest for me to get to.  It took about an hour and 15 minutes without traffic (just getting to the freeway from the Marina took 15 minutes), and I decided to go for the earliest time - 10 AM - on a Friday.Gareth was my instructor and told me that they'd try to get us off the ground as soon as possible.  Even though I arrived by 10, we still had to wait for everyone to sign waivers, gear up, make sure everything was in working order - including the plane - and after a brief instruction on what to do (i.e. where to put your hands, legs, head), we headed to the plane around 10:50, where we were strapped to our instructor and flown up 13,000 feet.The company itself was great overall - I was back on the ground and in my car around 11:30.  They definitely kept everything running as smoothly as possible, but since I was in the first group of the day, I don't know how it would've been had I not gone early.As for my experience, let's just say that I learned that I have absolutely zero fear of heights, because it was honestly a semi-anti-climatic experience for me, as I didn't experience the exhilaration that I thought I would.  I mean, it was cool to jump out of a plane, but I think a lot of the excitement comes from that little bit of fear, of which I had none.  The instructor pulled one side of the parachute as we slowly spiraled down, and that made us spin around like crazy mid-air, and I felt nauseous after that point.  Maybe my experience would've been better had I not felt like throwing up?Regardless, if you're looking for a unique time, definitely check out Bay Area Skydiving, and go early in the day.  Oh, and find me someone who's not "broken" too, if possible.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,3/10/2012,355,228,8,10,10>Oasis, where have you been all my life? The boyfriend "surprised" (not really a surprise, as I guessed what he had planned for us) me by booking the Oasis Suite for Two yesterday. A 30 minute whirlpool bath with 60 minute massage for two.The girl who greeted us at reception was super friendly and informative. We were given keys to lockers in the locker rooms. Where a clean pair of flip-flops/sandals and bathrobe awaited us.Whirlpool bath: - Lovely warm temperature with bubbles. Not quite as hot as I would have chosen for a bath/shower at home, as I prefer a bath/shower that it so hot that it turns my skin a nice redish color. Massage:- AHHH...MAZING! Clothes off, face down on table with some oil for lubrication, long strokes across the back, followed by deeper tissue work. From the professionalism of their massage therapists to the accommodating front office staff, I can give nothing less than a 5 star rating to Oasis!
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,3/9/2012,449,368,23,25,28>A college coffee shop... without the college! This is exactly how I'd describe Zocalo. This place reminds me of the cafés I've visited from Berkeley to UW to NYU, except that this one happens to be in the middle of a residential area with nary any institute of higher learning to be found in the immediate vicinity!From the dark wooden decor, the ambient music blaring out of the speakers, eclectic paintings on the wall from local artists (all for sale, of course), young, relatively attractive staff, and varied collection of green organic drinks, to the long haired dudes with skateboards and guitars, Zocalo is definitely a college coffee shop. But wait... where are all the students?Yes, trade the university kids with their backpacks and Macbooks for a slightly older demographic, many with children in tow. As a matter of fact, there is even a little children's play area tucked away in the back.Parking is easy and ample, with a free lot behind the shop. There are metered spaces in the front, but since the surrounding area is mostly residential, there is really no need to have to pay. Just circle around a few times, and you are bound to locate a plethora of open spots. In addition, Wi-Fi is free, relatively reliable, and plugs are abundant. My only gripe about Zocalo is that they close so darn early! If you are looking for a place to burn that midnight oil, converse with your friends after dinner, or have a hot date with one of your favorite Yelp hunnies, best look elsewhere. If you are interested in reliving your college days without having to deal with the overflow of students, Zocalo is your spot.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2012,3/8/2012,1137,482,11,16,12>Having talked about checking out Hudson for a good half year, we finally made it out last night for dinner.Our start-to-finish experience was one of the best we've had in any East Bay restaurant.  Drinks here are really well made.  I personally had a soft spot for 'My Dear Watson' which is a concoction of bourbon, maple syrup, orange, lemon, egg whites and apparently a tincture of tobacco.  I almost didn't order this drink based on the last aforementioned ingredient...but I'm sure glad I went with it.  I couldn't exactly say that I tasted any hint of tobacco, but then again something in the brew made me fall completely addicted to it.For an appetizer, we sampled the Hawaiian Albacore Crudo with flatbread.  This was absolutely tastebud heaven.  So good...end of discussion.Next up, entrees.  We decided to try the Tasso pizza and the special of the day..Fried chicken with mashed potatoes & gravy.  The pizza was cooked in their brick oven and it was tasty with a smoky flare to each bite.  The fried chicken was perfectly crispy and such a delicious treat.  I think it truly deserves a full time spot on their regular menu.Last up was dessert.  After debating between the Meyer Lemon Pie and the Candied Pear & Ginger Tart...we decided to opt for the latter.  Each bite of the tart was a perfect blend of candied pear, vanilla bean ice cream & flaky crust that was nicely balanced with subtle hints of ginger...highly satisfying.Overall, I give Hudson a solid 4.5 STARS.  For the East Bay, it definitely should be on anyone's Go-To list :)
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2011,3/7/2012,294,247,24,23,23>So there we were, wandering down Solano Avenue on the day after Thanksgiving. I know, I know, some call the day "Black Friday" because the feast moves from turkey'n cranberries to blatant conspicuous consumption on that day.But  not for us.  The Friday after Thanksgiving is our "burn the calories" day. Doesn't always work...but we try, we try. So there we were, having hiked over to Solano on Shank's Mare. Stopped at Pegasus Books...a feast for the eyes without being truly "eye candy."Wandered down the hill...to...what's this? A light burning brightly in the little chocolate shop. Cold evening but...no lines.Dashed in for a (small) cuppa sipping chocolate. One  cup apiece. (There are things that I will *not* share, chocolate being one of them.)Sat on the bench out in front. Watched the world go by while visions of sugar plums slid effortlessly down our throats.Good stuff, this sipping chocolate. Good company. Good ambience. Spent a total of $5.00 on this "Black Friday."   For some really great dark chocolate. Thumbed our noses (and our pinkies) at the 1%.  (Whoever they are.) 'Twas a fine Black Friday. Now for Cyber Monday....
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,3/6/2012,420,342,13,14,9>Been here a gagillion times, but never bothered to sing its praises. Until now. Forgive me, Yogurt Park. Here we go:YP offers old-fashioned frozen yogurt. You know, the kind you remember eating as a kid. The froyo with heft and creaminess, served in a no-fuss cup, sans toppings. Not the probiotic, health-crazed hippie variety you see everywhere else now (which I also love!). But sometimes, all I want is a stroll down memory lane, and YP gives me my fix instantly. There is nothing nostalgic about Pinkberry's pomegranate froyo topped with mochi. I was born in the 80's. Vanilla. Chocolate. Vanilla-Chocolate Mixed Swirl (this was innovative enough thankyamuch).At Yogurt Park, you'll find ever-changing decadent flavors like Butterscotch, Cheesecake, Peanut Butter, or Strawberry (the strawberry milk-shake kind, not the sorbet smoothie variety).I never fail to drop by YP anytime I'm near Berkeley.Just get ready to push through all the little Cal freshmen.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2011,3/5/2012,168,242,8,8,8>Breakfast for two was $24, everything included, and I've wanted to go back every day since the first time.Thinking about it now, I hate myself for not coming here sooner.  I love lazy weekend morning food outings and it's SO convenient from my front door.  Anyway, we were seated in ten minutes, had our food within another 5-10 minutes, and I'd finished my food in another 6.5 minutes.  Service is friendly, efficient, and likely somewhat related to each other.I got the corn cilantro pancakes, because Ira S. seemed to be wise in the ways of Inn Kensington, and they were effing delicious.  The plate comes replete with pancakes, blackbeans, salsa, glorious avocados, and your choice of additional carbs.  By the way, get the biscuits.In writing this review, I think I've convinced myself to go there tomorrow.  Drool.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,3/4/2012,1328,395,13,15,13>This restaurant delivers in so many ways: the location, ambiance, drinks, service, and most of all, the food.  It's mouth-wateringly good.  The menu is extensive with creative and unique dishes from what seems like every corner of Asia.  It is truly a pan-Asian restaurant.  No matter what mood you're in, there is something for you at Grand -- be it a safe, classic like assorted platters (YUM), or an adventurous creative dish like omelet fried rice w/ ketchup on top.  Every dish I've had at Grand Harbor is outstanding in it's own right. The restaurant itself is fun, charming, and unique.  Situated in a semi round room with windows.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,3/2/2012,230,254,11,9,9>*Cozy, romantic little neighborhood spot: Nice location right across from good ol' Fenton's.  No reservations at this little place, so either come a little early or later, lest you end up in the corner of the bar area staring at the wall instead of your date.  Outdoor seating is an option with heaters up top.*Fun, ecclectic, ever-changing menu:  I admit I didn't understand a damn thing on here other than "pizza".  Even then it was a challenge to figure out what it all meant.  Luckily our bearded hipster waiter bro' was able to pull out his decoder ring and make it meaningful for us..  The combo sampler platters are probably the best way to go to get a good taste of everything...and a fairly good value, imho.*Yumm-tastically good: Yes, so good that I could go nom nom nom, tee hee like a little azn girl (or basically 99% of Yelpers).  Had the antipasti platter with squid, crab fritters, and whatever the other thing was; some kind of pasta dish...had chicken in it; The "vegetable" platter (polenta, beets, and uh sorry my memory on goes to two items) and a potato pizza (though I think the farm fresh egg pizza I laser eyed on another table is the way to go).  Dessert was some panna cotta and zeppoles (donnnutsss!).  Killed it all, son.  *Despite the cliches, this is definitely a place to check out.  This and Commis down the street really give a reason to love my hometown and prove that it can be a showcase for a dining destination.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,3/1/2012,777,1202,17,19,19>I am embarrassed to admit that tonight was my first visit to the Berkeley Repertory Theatre.  The last time I saw a non-community theatre performance was in SF at Union Square - it was Steve Martin in "Picasso at the Lapin Agile" - which was hilarious.  But, traditionally - I fall asleep in dark places like the symphony and opera.  I've been to a few musical Broadway productions in NY - but all this was a long time ago.  My brother went through a period (before he became a father) when he did lots of performing with the Masquers Playhouse in Point Richmond.As dearly as I enjoyed those amusements - tonight's performance of "A Doctor In Spite of Himself" at the Berkeley Rep was such a vastly different experience as to completely change my position on theatre.First - I have to confess:  I was invited as a VIP with comp tickets.  My friends all flaked on me, so I went solo, as befitting a fat middle aged spinster who lives primarily with cats.  I happened to run into 'Nique and JoAnna and we had friendly chat before the play.  I think I'm the only jenny-come-lately to the whole Berkeley Rep thing.The theatre is gorgeous - it is large and modern, clean and very easy to find one's way to bathrooms and to seats.  The Tres Agaves folks very generously had a pair of stations set up to provide free tastings of margarita and tequila.  As a VIP, I got to sample the tasty goodies at the cafe.The Berkeley Rep has a tradition of making up drinks to go along with the production in play - so tonight I got to try "Strong Medicine" - a St Germaine & vodka concoction that was delicious, and "Doctor's Orders" -- a delicious drink of vodka, raspberry liqueur and lime.  Though the cafe snacks were light on vegan options, they had Tcho chocolate nibbles in little bags - dark chocolate covered candied mango, nibs and cashews - all vegan.  They had a wide variety of cookies, biscotti & brownies, as well as chocolate truffles (being a very bad vegan, despite a dairy allergy - I tried two - they were astonishingly  delicious).  There are also snack plates - a cheese plate, one with summer sausage and one with hummus and veggies which looked pretty good. The ladies at the cafe were efficient, friendly and so on top of things - they even offered the option of pouring drinks into plastic cups to bring into the theatre.Honestly, I couldn't believe how gorgeous it was inside the theatre - I can't see that there is a bad seat in the house and the chairs were comfortable for the 90-minute performance.  The volunteer ushers entertained us all by dancing and frolicking in the aisles before the show started."A Doctor in Spite of Himself" was hilarious - with wide ranging pop culture references from 1920s popular music to 21st c hip hop/rap - even a small current politics reference thrown in - the fun and the banter just flowed and wrapped smoothly around the essential story line like wickedly silky dark couverture chocolate around a truffle center.The sets were fantastic, as were costumes, music and the lighting - the whole play was so extraordinarily fun that I'll be kicking the ankles of the friends who missed it for weeks to come - and am thinking about getting a pair of tickets for my theatre loving brother and sister-in-law so they can have a fun evening.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,2/29/2012,151,178,11,13,17>Tatuyo? More like TatuYUMMM. (Forgive the Rachael Ray-esque pun.)  Onward ... Rising from the ashes of 1015 Clay, Tatuyo offers above-average finesse and some American embellishments (e.g., the burgers & fries) towards simple Mexican fare than most taquerias. More importantly, their dishes are made more 'boutique' than mass-market chains, using Niman beef and some crazy good verde and smokey-tomato salsas.Personal experience: my carne asada burrito grande was just short of a revelation. Not quite in sync taste-wise with most Mexi-American burritos, but delightfully variant, lovingly wrapped and oh-so tasty. Accompanied by chips and salsas. Folks, their salsas are to die for. I asked in particular about their verde salsa and got "it's a secret recipe" as a response, but its verdant freshness suggested a hint of mint. The "Bisteck Ranchero," featuring Niman beef, was a waltz of spice, savory and meaty/veggie goodness. Friends and co-workers have reported the following:  1. The OAK burger, great; 2. the fries, great; 3, the street hot dog (wrapped in bacon), good; the 4. the chicken burrito, a bit dry (far unlike my very moist carne asada burrito); and 5. The fish (mahi-mahi) tacos, terrific.One suggestion: they need to update some of their interior decor, as the wall color and paintings are from the old 1015 Clay establishment. Might I suggest warm paint tones? And one caveat: If you call ahead for pick-up, be clear when ordering from the owner, who's obviously passionate about his food and the success of his establishment.Open just a few weeks, Tatuyo is still fine-tuning some of its services. But I've already pointed several grateful folks to them for lunch, so I share this suggestion with you. Overall, Tatuyo leans more to 3.5 stars for right now, but I'll be surprised if that rating doesn't rise when they get more experience under their belts.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,2/28/2012,1020,575,19,18,19>I used to frequent this place when my Fatty McFatterson days were numerous and consecutive, circa high school. Feeling a bit melancholic, I revisited this place Saturday night when I was craving a burrito. I wasn't craving your middle-of-the-road burrito. I was craving a nice, fatty, ginormous burrito.Ask and you shall receive. My super carne asada burrito to go weighed a good couple of pounds. Usually, I would be turned way off by the oil seeping through the paper bag. Was this manteca aka lard? But I was in a weird mood and I didn't care. I was craving this messy, oily goodness...and my goodness, was it good! This burrito, glorious in its monstrosity, had to be eaten with a fork and knife. And every bite was filled with the perfect blend of refried beans, guacamole, rice, steak, and grease. I offset the grease by drenching every bite with their homemade salsa. Lip smacking good. Now I understand that making such beauty would take time, which is why it took a little over 10 minutes for my burrito to be ready. Granted, this was a semi-busy Saturday night and there two people ahead of me. Also, I was kinda bummed that my burrito didn't come with tortilla chips. Maybe I had to ask for them...? 3.75...round to 4. I'll be back to try those rolled tacos that Jocelyn L. is raving about after I spend all of this week to burn off that burrito! ;-)
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,2/27/2012,239,220,15,21,21>A friend introduced me to the town of Niles about a year ago. He frequented the area because his relatives lived nearby. I had never been, so he brought me.I knew of Niles from the innumerous references to Niles Canyon and the Secret Sidewalk, which I still was never able to find.We took the bus to the Fremont BART station and started walking. We hiked up onto rocks and walked on lots of railroad tracks. We watched the slow-moving waters of the summer day. It was sweet. We also walked across a bridge that was specifically designed for a train. That was even more frightening. He had the audacity to swing and hang on the edges while screaming the lyrics to a Red Hot Chili Peppers song and smoking a cigarette. I watched from afar, impressed. All I could think about was how we were both going to look like smashed pennies on the railroad tracks.I stared into the windows of the antique shops and ran away from all the creepy costume shops. There was a record shop that sold both old and rare vinyls, and lots of flies to catch with your tongue. I had never seen anything like it!We came a few times more, to hang out and to go to Spanish mass. Free ice cream after church! There's also a taco truck down the street that makes the best burritos ever. Yummy!There are a lot of cool spots around here. There was even an area with a flat rock next to the river, where we got to burn our skin and see yellow spots for three hours after opening our eyes. Not too long after did it become my place of solitude. We even found a dog once! I named her Cookie.Niles is a hidden gem.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,2/26/2012,457,309,5,10,10>I've been here many times, but lately, I've been realizing just how great Sura is.Maybe it's because both of the last times I've been here, I came in starving BUT the dolsot bibimbap is one of the BEST I've ever had.  Each time I walk in expecting the usual Korean restaurant, and each time I leave with the revelation that the bibimbap is amaaaaazing.The hot stone pot here is actually hot enough to leave a really good crisp on the bottom of the rice and the ingredients of the bibimbap, including the bulgogi are really delicious and flavorful in a memorable way.  Definitely eat it IN the stone bowl (for instance, when sharing with others, just eat out of the bowl) or it's not the same!!The banchan here generally tastes pretty good (though for me there are some exceptions) and there is a nice spread of them.  The other dishes I've tried so far have always at least been decent, usually solid, and I can't remember any dishes I've ever been disappointed by.Even though the prices are sometimes a bit steeper than other Korean restaurants in the area, I really feel like the quality of the food makes up for it.  I've heard they have an all-you-can-eat BBQ thing that I have yet to try (in fact, I have not yet tried any of their BBQ), but mark my words: I will try this one day!!Sura is quickly becoming my favorite Korean restaurant in the area!!
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,2/25/2012,338,1028,8,10,9>What a fantastic addition to downtown Martinez.  We were lucky enough to attend their soft opening this weekend and enjoyed free food samples from the kitchen.  Our group also tasted many of the beers available on tap and they certainly have a diverse selection -- everything from sweet to tart to malty to hoppy. I appreciate that they are taking the time to do previews and the staff and owners seemed genuinely open to feedback.  I honestly didn't have much feedback, except for accolades for the food they were serving -- we sampled the spicy chicken sliders, pulled pork sliders, pan fried tilapia, and garlic fries.  Everything was really tasty and I especially liked the simple side salad that accompanied each dish.  After each taste, I told my honey, "I would totally pay for this!"As far as the beer goes, there were some old favorites -- I started with the Racer 5 IPA -- and some new to me options -- I ended with the Rubicon (appropriately named) Monkey Knife Fight.  They also have wine if that is more your style.  According to our server, they plan to offer a rotating selection.  The fully renovated [formerly Louie Bertola's] space includes an indoor bar and restaurant tables, shady outside deck with bar stools, an outside patio and an upstairs area that I heard is prepped with a large screen TV and couches for movie nights.  Service was friendly -- our server spent time chatting and joking with us -- and everyone was very attentive. I am very much looking forward to returning once they are open for realsies!
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,2/24/2012,142,169,9,21,18>US restaurant trends notwithstanding, Izakaya's aren't meant to be grand destination restaurants that you travel & queue for. They're neighborhood eateries, much like trattorias and bistros. When word got out that one of my (and many others') favorite neighborhood Japanese restaurant Geta (yelp.com/biz/geta-japane…) was opening an izakaya, I had to jump right in. (In fact, to be precise, the Japanese name for the place is "B-Dama Shokudo" -- the latter word mapping close to trattoria, where the emphasis is on the food, as opposed to a true izakaya that's more about drinking.)My visit was on B-Dama's opening day, so I won't comment on the operational detail, but the place was darned delightful. Here's why:* Warm and friendly, a true neighborhood eatery just like Geta.* Deliciously and thoughtfully prepared comfort foods. (OK, comfort food if you had a J-mama. Otherwise, just plain delicious.)* Reasonable prices in the great Geta tradition.* A menu that's not dumbed down with standard J-restaurant crowd pleasers. (See pics.) There's a lot of good discovery & exploration in there for those not familiar with the depth of izakaya and yakitori menus; like at Ippuku in Berkeley, chicken skin in grilled and steamed forms make multiple appearances here, as does beef tongue.This here's going to be another reason Oakland's Tight. Hella Tight.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,2/23/2012,610,620,14,14,13>A higher power was looking over my first visit to Zachary's. I did my research. Upon arrival, I was all prepared for a long wait and a chaotic atmosphere. We were greeted with a smile and menus seemed to magically appear in our hands. "Sit wherever you would like."Come again?I cleaned my ears. I couldn't have heard that right.As if pizza Moses had parted the red sauce, we were pointed to a nearly empty dining room.I chose a little table by the window, ordered up a glass of the Tractor Shed Red wine and marveled at our luck.  We ordered the traditional spinach & mushroom pizza.  We were warned that it would take 35-40 minutes. We had time (I had prepared to wait 30 minutes to get a seat) and I'm all about people watching. As we sipped and chatted, the tables around us filled up. Then a party of 40 arrived. Suddenly, I was having a tough time hearing what my date was trying to say..Now this, is what I was expecting!By then, our pizza arrived.  The sauce is great, it reminds me of pizza home. Nothing but quality ingredients, infused with loving care. Our server was friendly and attentive.The proximity to Rockrdige Bart, which just happens to be my favorite stop on the line, is fabulous.I love that they have Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum on their sign.Strange all this Difference should be - 'Twixt Tweedle-dum and Tweedle-dee!
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,2/22/2012,331,587,17,26,22>En route to Southie I heard a man say to a woman, "their sandwiches are no joke!" I'm unsure if he was referring to Southie's sandwiches, but he could have been. Southie's sandwiches are legit, indeed.The first time I came I had pneumonia, unbeknownst to me. They had this delicious seared ahi sandwich on focaccia, with tapenade and aioli. I ended up going to the ED later that day, and the only thing that gave me comfort was thinking about this delicious lunch. If it had to be my last, I would have died happy. I finally went back recently, having been told that I had to try the Nana Carmella which has golf ball sized Niman Ranch meatballs, provolone and parmesan, squeezed between a slab of La Farine's baguette. My new neighbor, Rene C., will probably appreciate this sandwich too. It did not have the fuzzy and feverish effect on me that the ahi one did, but it's delicious in its own way. I give thanks that Southie pairs their sandwiches well with durable bread, as I hate a piece of soggy bread even more than I hated not being able to breathe. Southie is also no joke because they serve their food wicked fast, as they would say in South Boston, have friendly people working there, and always have the television tuned to the game, whichever game is most interesting. I'm not sure when I became immune to ordering expensive sandwiches, but with Southie's I don't mind. They are truly impressive, and one-hundred percent awesome. No joke.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,2/21/2012,184,198,15,20,16>I heart my local bookstore!  It's not that it's just a great collection of new and used books,lovingly selected and nicely displayed...nor that it is run by one of the nicest, smartest, funniest, and coolest guys on the planet (if you detect a secret crush, you're right), with some of the sweetest co-workers...nor even that they're happy to order anything for you on the spur of the moment, have a place for the kids, and the cheapest and best calendars in town every year.  No, it's more than that.  It's that they've dedicated to making themselves a community hub, providing that something extra, most recently in the form of their First Person Singular Shows.  From seeing local celebrities Josh Kornbluth (of Haiku Tunnel) and Ralph Carney (who's played with Tom Waits, among many others) do a reading and saxophone accompaniment of Ginsberg's "Howl", to seeing the very funny and talented rian Herndon and Ken Sonkin do "What's Strunk and White and read all over?", a hysterical reading of the classic English reference book backed by a band playing songs from Schoolhouse Rock.  ...An acoustic version of Bruce Springsteen's "Nebraska", an all-female reading of "Glengarry Glen Ross"...the hits just keep on coming.  Find out about upcoming events here:  1stpersonsingular.com/in…  (including Hoot nights at nearby St. Albans)No less than Griel Marcus calls it "...a performance series that means to redefine not only the literary event but the literary as such."  But more importantly, Go.  Buy books.  Buy calendars.  Buy cards, music, magazines.  Support this wonderful neighborhood bookstore that has a ton of heart, all of it in the right place.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2011,2/20/2012,501,460,7,13,11>Rumor around campus is that Oasis is a new place serving fresh, tasty affordable food. Our students were right - this place rocked!I had the kebab platter which came with one skewer of chicken and one skewer of lamb over a huge bed of rice with hummus, pita, green salad, tabbouleh and baba ganoush.  Oink!  I also got a piece of baklava. Double oink! My one gripe is that the kebabs are grilled to order so I was the last person served at our table after a 15 minute wait. Not cool when you have an hour for lunch. Usually I would knock off a star but the staff was so friendly by giving us free falafels and a pita-type appetizer during the wait.The kebab platter for 8.99 is really big enough for two people at lunch.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2011,2/19/2012,2016,1122,11,11,13>RODNEY RODNEY RODNEY!!!! Thank you so much for a fantastic and scrumptious experience at the The Peasant & The Pear. This was by far one of the greatest birthday meals of all time. Yes it's up there with a Val's Burger! :) Stephen was great and got us a table asap and our server Lisa was so nice and top notch. My Lamb Shank was even better than I had heard about and my parents LOVED the Filet and NY Steak. They are very picky and hard to please when it comes to good steaks and they were in heaven. My mom said it was even the best NY Steak she had had in a very long time so I know that it was good. Oh I tried both and that is some damn good beef. So tender and flavorful and the crusts were killer. Oh I will be having the lamb again and again. I also had the Bishop Ranch Salad, White Prawns and the starter Burrata is a classic of course. I ate so much I'm stuffed but i a happy way. Ok we also shared the Peach Cobbler and Peach Creme Brulee and WOW! I just can't say enough but you know I will share the love and love you man. Thanks again for the Birthday LOVE Rodney. YOU THE MAN!! ;)
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,2/18/2012,287,278,22,26,26>This is my playground! I call it my backyard since it is just a mile away from my dig. If you are a first timer, plan your hike. What do you want to get out of your hike to MP? Does view while going up matters to you? The length of the hike? Why am I saying this? Because there are 3 different routes to get to the peak. If you want a view of the Bay all the time, then take the usual starting point which is along Stanford Ave. Coming from 680, exit East Mission Blvd, turn right on the 2nd light which is Stanford and just drive all the way and you will see parking. There is no ample parking here and it's always full but you can park on the streets (Along Stanford and Vineyards St). For a first time hiker, this will usually take you an hour and half to reached the top. It  took me an hour to climb this baby up after doing this for more that 4x already. yelp.com/user_local_phot…The other route starts from Ohlone College. This one goes around at the back of the peak and have very little view of the bay. If you decide to take this, expect your hike to be longer (unless of course if you are me...it will take you even longer! hahaha).The last route is also along Standford. From starting point, stay on the right when you reached the fork. It's longer but will also merge halfway to the top by the first route. Also, you will cross path with more cows (I don't like them. Cows scares the hell out of me, like seriously!).MP is an easy hike if you've been here more than once. Pls do not go off trail which I did once. Only stupid people does it (yep, i was one of them before!ALWAYS remember the Hiker/Climber golden rule:TAKE NOTHING BUT PICTURES. LEAVE NOTHING BUT FOOTPRINTS.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2011,2/17/2012,216,128,13,14,15>Ok, I never told anyone a restaurant which sells tacos is ever a destination spot... until now!  You must come here for the following MUST order items (during the week):wild shrimp tacos (no, not the tequila drinking, party kinda wild... the shrimps are not farmed!) - friday only!fish tacospork belly tacoschicken tacoschicken mole tacoshorchata lattetres leche cake when they have it.come on the earlier side before the lunch crowd hits and the best stuff getting sold out.  yes, they are THAT GOOD!!  you can also hit up the old oakland farmers market on fridays while you are there to pick up some organic veggies.come on saturdays for their housemade spam!!!  they also do their housemade spam pancakes!  i need to bring my buddha belly for a power nap after my deeeeeelicious boooootiful lunch!  ~~buurrrpp~~
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,2/16/2012,88,71,7,12,10>So if you live in Berkeley or Oakland and have yet to try this place, where have you been?You need to stop whatever it is that you are doing and go and try this place....right now.This is one of the best and cheapest places I was first introduced to in Berkeley. So this review will attest to how much of a gem this pizzeria is, but it will not tell you what to order. Cheeseboard is amazing in the fact that they don't have options. You walk in, you hand them money and you get a slice (or a pie).That's it. Best of all, you enjoy the heck out of it. If you aren't very adventurous and you like your choices, then you can always go online. They always post the weekly pizzas that change daily.There is usually a live band or musician, you can order wine or beer (that is cheap and yet good) and it usually isn't too difficult to grab a spot. Occasionally you may have to sit across the street, but if you wait it out you usually can grab a spot to enjoy the live music. You may have to sit at a table with some strangers, but this usually makes for a more interesting time.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2011,2/15/2012,366,586,15,9,10>Helloakland may be the single worst exercise in branding since the Chevy Nova hit Latin America.  It represents either a compound of "Hell" and "Oakland", which conjures up images of Armageddon, or "Hello" and "Akland", which conjures up images of New Zealand.  Either way, it's weird, weird, weird.   But my brother insisted that I try it, hellfire or not.  And for the first time in his life, he was actually right.  I'll set the scene for the uninitiated: the ambiance is "convenience store chic", which is to say that it's a half empty corner store and a guy with a toaster cranking out bodacious bagel sandwiches with fresh made pestos, habanero pickled onions, meyer lemon juice, capers, real meats (not deli-meats), and other little touches that elevate the experience above any other standard sandwich in the area.  The coffee is excellent, too, and the price is right.Hell yeah, Helloakland, I'll suffer your fire and brimstone any day of the week.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2011,2/14/2012,294,570,7,16,14>A local dive for the most part but it is first and foremost a huge old school gathering hall, actually originally built by Swiss ex-pats (check out the design on the exterior).  The bar area with food in the evening is kept open weekly to bring in cash flow in between events (solid business decision).And for me it's a perfect fit.  A low-key dive where I can slip into a decent drank (or 2?) and grub on some decent food.  They just recently brought in a legit kitchen staff to execute what I would describe as properly made diner food.  Nothing fancy but really solid.  A $12 steak with accompaniments and a truck stop salad with garbanzos, kidney beans and sliced beets, how old school is that?!I've also had nightly specials like a smoked pork chop and a tri-tip plate and all were money as I sipped on greyhounds or scotch n sodas.My little laid-back sanctuary.  Just hope they can economically keep producing this level of good grub.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,2/13/2012,193,290,15,15,16>CUTE and COZY, in that I'm-wearing-pajamas-with-lingerie-underneath way.I saddled up to the bar with two senoritas to try the famed Pisco Sour. I had to take 'er easy with this bevvie because, whoa nelly, that was strong.::end cowboy theme now because it has nothing to do with the place::The bartender became more of a buddy then just a drink doctor when he noticed me run up to the door and press my cheek against it, not out of drunkenness but because I thought I saw a Warrior baller walking by (their practice facility is kitty-corner to the bar...good to know if you plan on stalking Klay Thompson in the new year). I really enjoyed the friendly conversation and attentive service. And concern for my cheek.I wasn't sure I wanted to have a drink that night, both for caloric and work related considerations, but I am glad we stopped by. And I signed up for a membership at the nearby Club One gym that very evening so I hope to treat myself to more of Penelope in the future.Note: the patrons were playing some game of dice on the counter and not using it as a pickup, "notice me I'm smart"  tactic as I've seen chess players do at Lukas. I like this.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2011,2/12/2012,231,454,24,27,26>Marica is in a funny part of the block.  Across from the more busy side of this stretch of College, the last bar then the incline almost making a blockade for a crawl that typically originates nearer the train station and the nightlife.I've walked past.  Once I looked at the menu in the window.  I made a Scooby sound.Why I've never gone in is beyond me.  Why I went last night owes exclusively to Yelp.  Yup.  My friends and their praises had me on a night wanting something I'd not tried before stop here.I am so glad I did.  Arrived early to secure a table.  Upon securing had a yummy vesper like 007.  Shared the fried calamari with the crisp side salad and tasty dressing.  Calamari tender and perfectly spiced.  Mussles that melted on my tongue (and I don't like mussels).  Salmon and pork chops were had and savored so slowly for as to extend the celebration that was taking place in my mouth.  Lemon parfait and berries with a little port on the side for dessert.Loveys, listen up.  I'm serious.  I know what I'm talking about.  This place is really, really good.  In her review the unicorn sings not its praises.  I'd like few things more than the opportunity to have her for a second sumptuous chance.  I think the unicorn would be singing a different tune.On the menu is a twice cooked lobster dish.  Flash fried then sauteed.  The server spoke of it as if the dish were manna from heaven.  Not that I needed any further encouragement to return, but I can say for certain .... there's a little lobster in my future.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,2/11/2012,81,115,15,9,6>Rumbo Al Sur is the Latina sister (their description not mine) of A Cote (a personal favorite) so they have a lot to live up to.Tip #1:  Use their valet service.  I didn't know that was even an option and after driving all over the place I finally found something about 10 blocks away.  Which actually was probably a good thing...I think I went a little heavy on the cologne and needed the air out time.I started with Pisco Sour since I never had one and other than the issue of the drink being so good I drank it down too fast I would highly recommend the cocktail.  I sat at the bar so I was able to witness that the mixology that happens at A Cote continues at Rumbo which was exciting to see.  I had an order of their chorizo empanadas to start this culinary adventure which had this amazing sweet after taste that I was very impressed with.  The crust was light and flakey and the meat was wonderful.  I am not a big empanada fan but these were worth the calories.I followed that up with the gaucho steak with yucca fries and a small green bean salad. It was a lot of food for $24 and the steak was very flavorful.  It had a little too much marbleization for me but whatever they cooked the steak in was so good it stayed with me for the next hour.  By the way the use of the word Marble is still so funny to me.  If I gain weight over the holiday's I don't say I added a little marbleization to my ass in December.  I digress....The atmosphere is perfect for a date.  It is dark, rich and very sexy.  Since the place is new getting a table or a seat at the bar was easy.  The staff was extremely helpful with the menu and drink selections.  Overall I would recommend you check this new spot out.  Main Dishes: $15-$24Appetizers: around $10Sides: $6Drinks: $8-$12Dessert: Did you see what I just ate?  Of course I didn't have dessert.  I don't want to get too much marbleization.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,2/10/2012,662,352,9,13,12>In honor of Chinese New Year, Year of the Dragon, I thought that a Chinese restaurant review might be in order.This particular restaurant is delightful! I came here with a party of four to celebrate a special occasion, and we were seated in a cozy booth toward the back of the restaurant, next to a happy party of 10.We soon realized that they were a happy party of swingers, with two girls to every guy. Aiya! The food *must* be good here : o )Two of my dining companions had been here before, and ordered the Hot and Sour Soup, Hong Kong Style Pan Fried Noodles, and Pumpkin Vegetarian Delight. I tried their noodles, and found them to be crispy and nice, and the vegetarian dish to be curry-rific.A couple of cocktails followed, of which I didn't get the names, but they loved them!They also ordered the Pan Fried Onion Cake, which they liked. However, I recommend trying this dish at Ma's Restaurant in San Jose to get a more authentic flavor.I do believe that my dining companion and I ordered the best dishes that I would recommend to friends if they were to dine here ; - )Recommendations:Peking Duck Bun -- Three small and fluffy buns with Peking-style duck in the center, complimented by a crispy vegetable. The juicy yet crackling duck was deliciously offset by the fresh veggies, soft bun, and complimentary sauce.Mu Shu with Pancake -- Two wrapped pancakes per person, stuffed to the brim with veggies, pork, and sauce, which was quite filling. It's also fun to watch them prepare the pancakes table-side!Garlic Chicken -- If you like or need something on the more bland side, this dish will please the most hesitant Chinese food patron.At the end of the meal, they surprised us with a slice of decadent chocolate cake, which they have delivered from an Italian bakery nearby. Wow! Delicious chocolate cake at a Chinese restaurant? How incongruous yet delightful! The friendly manager even came over to make sure that everything was to our liking.I'd definitely recommend this restaurant for a celebratory outing, a fun family dinner, or a quiet (or rowdy) date night (depending on whether you swing with one or more dates : ) Enjoy!
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2011,2/9/2012,761,878,7,9,8>LOVE this place. I've heard about and seen Philz plenty of times, but never made a visit until last weekend. I wish I had known sooner about the uniqueness of this coffee shop.I love my coffee, but since I drink it daily, I usually want to opt for espresso when I go to shops - when I looked at the menu, I uttered "uh babe, they don't have an espresso menu..."  I thought, interesting...The girl who was working was very helpful - we each told her what we liked and what we didn't, and she chose very appropriate blends for the each of us. For me, I told her I wanted strong, dark, and similar to African blends - she chose the Ecstatic for me, which I loved.. for the boyfriend he likes Caramel Macchiato type drinks - I tried his, and she made it taste just like one, although when it comes to sweet coffee, no thank you for me, but it did taste great.While we were waiting, I realized the coffee took a few minutes - so I nosily peeked behind the bar and realized that they do hand drip. I was very excited to see this and after asking the barista, I also found out that they grind the beans to order and drip to order. LOVE! I used to work at a coffee shop where we carried and brewed Blue Bottle, and that's when I learned all about grinding beans to order and hand dripped coffee. And it makes a world of a difference.To sum it up - great, friendly, attentive, informative service; delicious coffee; laidback environment. Definitely coming here for my fix from now on - it's close to home!
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,2/8/2012,389,252,12,17,11>Yesterday they opened and I had my first Ike's Oakland sandwich today! The line was long (as expected) but surprisingly sufficient. They're not doing add-ons at the moment because they're still working out the kinks (i.e they put fried chicken in my sandwich instead of halal but am I really gonna complain about that?) I tried the "Backstabber" on dutch-crunch and it was delicious. I'm also loving "the bakesale," a fried-chicken homage to Bakesale Betty two doors down. I would like to see the "Pizzle" (halal chicken, bacon, cheddar, ranch) on the menu as that is one of my favorites from the SF location. Even though they don't have all the different sandwiches as the original, this place is still one of the best around to get your sandwich fix. Order in advance if possible otherwise be prepared to wait ~45min to get your sandwich during peak lunch time.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,2/7/2012,47,61,17,14,13>Today, before my very own, famished eyes, I witnessed the best thing since the development of pineapple Jarritos: the birth of my tacos' tortillas.If your confused, listen closely. The tortilla dough for my tacos was scooped and hand-pressed, plopped on the grill, and then decorated with carne asada, onions, cilantro and salsa verde, like 5 feet from my foaming mouth. All while I did frontal stuffing with thee best complimentary chips and green salsa. I am soooo in love, all over again. I've been a fan since 2003, and missed the place dearly when my job bitch-slapped me all the way to Richmond, even still making a point to stop by when I was in the area. Now, that I'm two exits away again, and I have seen the birth of my tortillas, I feel like we've renewed our vows... Aaahhhhhhhhh... And, I digress. So yes, it's a f'n hole in the wall, and yes, there's always Spanish-speaking something or other on the boob tube, like folks have said, but who the hell cares?! With great staff and tacosTHIS delicious, they certainly deserve your undivided attention. PS- Tacos are $1.65 each. I also like the burritos, for about $6. YUM! Great carne asada, whole beans, no fuss, just right size. I don't want to be intimidated by the size of my burrito, I just want to be filled, You feel me?
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,2/6/2012,827,179,8,11,9>The wraps here are DELICIOUS. The place was small, but looked bright and clean, and I liked the modern design of the menu boards. The layout of the place reminded me of Chipotle, where you get to choose the type of wrap, meat, vegetables and sauces you want. I spotted the workers making naans at the back, and when I ordered my wrap, they picked up a naan that was just freshly made.I chose the naan wrap with Chicken tandoori, lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, mint cilantro and mild coconut. The fillings were generous and the wrap itself was huge, almost as long as my forearm. We also got a Mango Lassi. It was smooth and rich, and I tasted some sort of herbs which gave it a nice flavor. As mentioned, the wrap was delicious, fresh and bursting with flavor and spices. I loved the texture of the naan as well.We paid $11 for the meal, which is definitely a good price. I cannot wait until my next visit, I already have what I want to order in mind...a Butter Chicken wrap...mMMmmm
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,2/5/2012,274,190,8,9,11>Dining here does not feel like Oakland.I adore it. The mysterious lighting and winter wonderland theme is so cozy. It gives me the feeling of being on top of a roof before the sun sets at a champagne gala in upper east side NY or that SCENE before Drew Barrymore steps on to the red carpet  to confess her love for the prince right  before her evil stepmother rips off her wings.  Too Much? Sounds like a bit of a mish mash but it really is cohesive. They serve an adorable miniature assortment of baked goods before the main course. Cranberry, Honey and Blueberry muffins with jam.I had the luck of meeting a very witty yet charming server. She likes ABBA, Wes Anderson films, studies cultural anthropology and sat and smoked with our group on her ten minute break. She used words like bomb, trippin and chill. I want my friend Nick to date her just so we can be pals.Coffee was kept topped off and the bar screams my name. There were no complaints from our table. A Bloody Mary, Kir Royale and French Toast seemed to be the topic of affection. I love you, lady.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,2/4/2012,222,376,17,37,17>I think the best thing I have ever eaten in my life I had today at Lumpy's. I am talking about their peanut butter chocolate shake. I made the mistake of sharing it with the toddler and my sister. I have no shame to admit I did not want to share my milkshake after my first bite. I wanted to say screw the cheese burger and fries..... and order another shake! The creamy mixture of vanilla soft serve, Hershey's chocolate sauce, and smoothe peanut butter. My cheese burger was good, I am not a big fan of shredded lettuce but the oozing real deal chedder cheese saved the day. My sister had a club sandwich, she said it was the best club she has ever had, and the kid ate her cheese sandwich with real deal Cheddar too. My daughters plain fries were greasy and good, the sweet potato fries my sister and I shared were OK, but not my thing. My milkshake was so incredible that I would ever attempt to drive from Martinez to Lumpy's midweek during commute traffic just for their Chocolate peanut butter shake again!
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,2/3/2012,375,578,6,13,8>A friend introduced me to this place recently and wow, I sure am Fonda of it now! (insert cheesy joke drum ding here, lol)  I can't wait to return and try more of their delicious menu items! This place is fantastic if you want to go out with a small group of friends to catch up or on a romantic lil' date!Order a little bit of everything, try it all, and sip on some sangritas while indulging on the tapas menu items. The guacamole, chips and salsa de árbol is perfect, crunchy, and flavorful. The gauc is fantastic and has just the perfect amount of spice. The chicken flautas with salsa de molcajete and crema are served with two, so feed your date one and enjoy one yourself. It's crunchy yet soft and delicious. YUM. Order two orders of those because one flauta is just not enough. By far, my favorite dish was the fried plantains with black beans, crema and salsa fresca. It was perfect and delectable. The combination of flavors was very enjoyable and I recommend getting an order of that. For the sweet tooth in me that sadly had no room to enjoy a postre that evening, I am awaiting for my next visit to Fonda just so I can try the Bien Me Sabe, Tiramasiu with rum & coconut custard. How amazing does that sound?Bring your hungry self, some company, and order up a variety of small dishes. This place is made for foodies of all sorts!
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,2/2/2012,456,631,8,11,12>What a great space! It's in JLS and we ventured in on a low key week night close to 9 , but I can only imagine how beautiful it is on a warm sunny day by the water. It's great for an intimate date or a group outing, plenty of seating and a wonderful bar.It's a classy joint by the Oakland marina and the menu looks wonderful. We had the sweet potato gratin and the flatbread (which was veggie at the time) and really enjoyed both. I'd come back for happy hour or dinner any time. The halibut seems to be calling my name...I like the ambiance and while it may be pricier than most places I usually venture to, it's a nice treat. Not much else to say that hasn't already been said!
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2011,2/1/2012,300,251,14,19,18>I can get excited about any place that will give me free soup and free dessert. which Wally's does. You walk in, order, and eat a ridiculously tasty bowl of lentil soup while you wait for your food. After you eat your food, you get a small but perfectly sized square of sweet, flaky baklava.It's sort of hard to find Wally's, so if you're a sissy who gives up easily, just give up, and if you're an awesome urban jungle explorer, go forth. We found it without much trouble, mostly thanks to reading Yelp reviews, and we felt pretty cool. It's behind the Bank Club. You can walk through the bar or go down the side of the building, which smells like garbage juice and old milk if you're there on a warm day. It doesn't smell that way inside Wally's, so just suck it up and get past the smelly part.I've only tried two things there. I've had the garlic chicken sandwich, which I am in love with and could eat every week. It has pickles on it, and a tasty creamy sauce. I had the burger, which was fine, but a little too cinnamon-y tasting for me. It comes with a cucumber sauce on it that tastes great. I just wish there was a little less cinnamon in the burger patty. although I do love the flavors of the other Mediterranean spices in the meat.Mommy notes: Counter seating only. No high chairs. We bring our clip-on high chair and fasten it to the counter, which holds up our now 30lb toddler very well while he demolishes his lentil soup, french fries, and bites of our sandwiches.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2011,1/30/2012,204,145,14,16,15>Wanna Go The Dog Park?Our dogs scream with excitement!! Well not literally but they prance around when you tell them that and they know what Dog Park means!I know its also called Point Isabel, but I dont think I know anyone who actually says that.. everyone I know says "the Dog park behind Costco?"The 'Dog Park" is the best place in the Bay Area to take you dog(s) off-leash. Everyone who brings their dog there is super friendly and as trained to be polite as they make their dog. : )It makes our dogs so happy and they cry with joy as we approach. We found if you park in the rear near the usps truck station there is more parking since the main entry has limited spaces. Plus we like the more rugged walk across the bridge with the open field so the dogs can go crazy!We are also a fan of doggie parlor called MudPuppy. You have the option of either grooming your puppy or having them do it as your supervise. Their prices are great and it was pretty ingenious to add the parlor where dog families frequent!We love the dog-park so much we took our engagement photos here right near the point past the picnic tables by the rocks. A gorgeous view of the Golden Gate Bridge and San Francisco with of course our pooches in the background.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,1/29/2012,424,1322,13,14,14>Thanks to Jackie R's review of this place, I was able to take care of a HUGE "spring cleaning" project by getting rid of a ton of old electronics. Jackie was spot on in describing the staff-they truly were wonderful, assisting in getting everything out of my car and not making fun of any of the circa 1986-2010 type of parts my software engineer husband was finally willing to part with. It is worth a trip to the Tri-Valley area to recycle your electronics here. They are closed on Sunday and if you go to their website, they also offer other services now like document shredding (for a fee) and furniture hauling(fee based as well).
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,1/28/2012,223,178,11,14,13>Ahh who knew a quaint little place in Fremont could be packed with so much fun? Came here on several occasions and always had fun enjoying the variety of wines they serve here. The people behind the counters definitely know their stuff so looking for a wine suitable to our taste was never a problem. My girlfriends love coming here for a low-key night out.. Gets us a little buzzin' without the crowds and obnoxious drunkards like in downtown! Thank goodness! They have different size pours that allowed me to try something before I decided to go all out and buy a bottle. However I'd skip out on the food as it's very mediocre.Perfect place for a night of catching up with the girlies :)
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,1/27/2012,156,323,7,9,11>I said I wanted a big bowl of pho, and I got a big bowl of pho! Not the biggest bowl ever, I'm sure, but still -- after eating it, I was really full. Still, that didn't stop me from ordering some french fries and fried oysters.  Okay, Vietnamese place, right? Yes -- but they do cater to a more American-style menu.  As I mentioned I ordered french fries and fried oysters.  The french fries were more like steak fries or plank fries.  They were thick, crispy, and delicious.  How were the oysters, you might ask? They were deep fried, zesty, oyster-y heaven. But back to the pho.I ordered the special combination beef pho - beef balls and thin-sliced raw beef. The rice noodles were perfection, and the broth was hot. I made it extra-spicy to suit my taste.The service was pretty okay at first because we showed up when the restaurant opened at 11:00 AM. However the service went downhill toward the time we left. It's really no biggie, I experienced worse service. Overall, it was a pleasant experience and if in the Grand Lake area, I would definitely return.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2011,1/26/2012,576,2303,5,10,6>PIQI am most certain that I love YOU!!!!What an array of delectable carb-based wonders, from sweet side (on right) to the savory side (on the left)... Sun HK's newest incarnation ain't ever seen more light, bright, and beauty.... came on Int'l Womens Day and even was gifted a cookie to boot (should I be a stickler that it was advertised on Yelp to have been a chocolate cookie, and yet chocolate it was not?)hmPurchased this gorgeous hybrid between an apple pie and a French tarte tatin... whole apple stewed in cherries, hint of wine, spices, and nuts, golden raisins... then wrapped in a gorgeous pastry dough... baked to golden perfection. Must add, however, I would have liked to have more hints of allspice/cinnamon, etc, as the apple's core can taste a bit bland.I'd pass on the crostata tarts they make here; they're not the style (french?) whereby the pastry crust is cut with cold butter, but rather, more of a soft, crumbly, crumby concoction. I didn't prefer the texture of it on my palate...however, the lemon curd cream was quite nice!As for the more substantial offerings, pizzas, foccacia sandwiches, other bread and cheese-based items..Students galore plastering the place up, laptops out and brains engaged (with the aid of ever-present good end coffee). Upstairs loft is spacious.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,1/25/2012,275,321,8,10,10>There is a reason this place is packed - the food is just that good! Overall, go with a large appetite and be prepared for some great comfort food. All the portions are generous on size and flavor.I went with a girlfriend on a Friday night, and it was bustling. Our table was waiting for us like a tiny little happy spot - there were people everywhere. The service is spot on, just what you'd expect at your fave local hangout. In order to try as many things as possible, we did the "splits".- Cosmo (gotta do it right?) was the perfect color & slightly on the pulpy side. I personally like this, as I know the lime is fresh.- Pork Belly: Their signature dish. It was "all that". Yup, crispy, fatty, jiggly bacony, & served on a tasty puree.- Arugula Salad - I could have skipped this. Why bother with salad when there are much more interesting things on the menu?- Pan Roasted Half Chicken: OMG - look at my photo and you'll know how good this is! The outside skin is perfectly browned to the right crispness. The inside is an explosion of juicy meat. YUMM!- Brussel Sprouts: Always one of my favorites. At WT they shave them & dress them with a great tasty sauce. They're more like a slaw, but I love them either way.The meal is 5 star (food, service, the whole deal). So why the 4 stars? Well, you need to be prepared to sit about an inch from your neighbors. And it's tough to get in and out of your table without brushing up against their table. But the food makes it totally worth it! Go here, you'll be thrilled.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,1/24/2012,423,725,18,15,12>I've lived in the Bay Area for 14 years and I'm ashamed to admit I've never taken the ferry.  BART was always faster or more convenient, a car or motorcycle would get me there quick but parking is a hassle, of course.  Bike to Work Day rolled around this year and I noticed that ferry rides were free all day if you bring your bike!  I put some feelers out there to see if any friends were interested in coming, and my good friend Melissa B. took me up on it.The ferry is faster than you would think, but you do have to plan ahead to get there on time - you usually have to wait a couple hours for the next one.  We ended up riding with some Giants fans going to an afternoon game, and I couldn't think of a better way to get to the game.  They have wine and beer behind the bar, so if you're looking to "warm up" on the Bay before a game, there's your chance.  We were tempted to just ride the ferry for free and drink beer in the sun on the upper deck, and one day we might just seize that opportunity.  Sunny Bike to Work Day and a free ferry ride; Life is Good.Downside: Dirty diesel smell as you're walking from the bike rack in back along the lower deck, especially if you have to wait right next to the engine before you exit.  One word of caution: be careful when you decide to go down the main steps, and/or go to the bathroom, especially if you had a beer or three: when that ferry starts to accelerate, you better have both feet planted firmly on the ground . . .
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2011,1/23/2012,91,65,6,11,10>The name of the park is Anthony Chabot Regional Park.  For the past decade my friends and I have been running the inner Columbine Trail route (9.5 miles) and the outer Bike Loop that is a bit less than the posted 12 miles ... maybe about 11.7 miles.  Here's a map that will give you the trails that I'm talking about. ebparks.org/files/AChabo…Both trails for runners are 5 stars due to scenery as well as challenge for the given distances.  However the Columbine Trail is 5+ stars because it is magical in so many places along the single track (no bikes) portion of the loop.  It's several trails together that my friends and I abbreviate and just call it the Columbine Trail.  My running friend Lauren once asked quietly if I thought it was okay that she had "fallen in love" with this trail.  I laughed and said "loving can never be wrong".  The Columbine Trail loop that we like to run starts at the Nike Classroom parking lot, across from Park Police Headquarters.  It's a free lot (no $) but fills up on weekends if you're not there early.  Head out toward the Ten Hills Trail but drop down leftward toward the Lake, cross the foot bridge, turn sharp left and follow trail along the Lake's edge.  After a mile this trail swoops upward, turns and keeps going upward.  Finally you see the Columbine Trail sign on the left .... single track, no bikes.  This is the sweet part of the run.  Lots of narrow wrap around and switch back trail running.  Very cool sensual moments at creek crossings followed by sunny single track high spots with perfect views of the Lake.  Eventually by staying leftward toward the Lake you come around the other side on the paved path that leads along the west edge of the Lake and back to the Marina for a water refill.  Then it's just another mile back uphill to the parking lot.  Picnic tables, water fountain, and outhouses at the parking lot ensure a nice post run moment with friends so we can stretch out , sip beverages, gnash on fruit and snacks and plan the rest of our days.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2011,1/22/2012,243,508,6,17,11>I actually saw someone check in to Abby's Grill last week on FB and that's when I first found out another Filipino Restaurant has opened up in Pinole. I thought this restaurant was going to be "cafeteria style" where you point and choose your dish, boy was I wrong. Came here on a Friday afternoon and was quickly greeted by ALL the staff. I was meaning to take my food to go but I was so intrigued by the restaurant and its decor, I decided to eat in. Their menu is very simple with just the right amount of your favorite Filipino dishes. I ordered their pork belly sisig with garlic fried rice on the side. I've had my fair share of good sisig and I can name two which are my favorite, a place called Tselogs in Daly City that serves chicken sisig and a friend of ours that makes his own sisig. Abby's pork belly sisig just made my top 3 sisig list. The sisig was so flavorful and tasty, I wished asked for an egg on top to make it sisigsilog. I also had a nice chat with Rowena, one of the owners of Abby's Grill and told me their story in how Abby's grill came into fruition. All I got to say is they did their R & D very well and choose the perfect spot to open their restaurant.  I want to wish Abby's grill much luck and success. I'm truly looking forward into trying their other items on the menu.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2011,1/21/2012,587,806,12,12,12>Yes...this could certainly turn in to a habit....After hearing countless amounts of great comments about this place from several co workers on how quality there burgers are as well as how reasonably priced they are as well, I knew I had to get around to checking it out.Located off N. California Blvd in a little food shopping center close to Baja Fresh, the place is pretty easy to spot. Plenty of parking though, maybe a bitch trying to find a place round noon.Place is cheerful and well kept and the staff all seem to be exceptionally friendly and very helpful.They have a great selection of items to choose from -your selection of burgers/chicken burgers, sweet potato fries, onion ring, fries and drinks.I was in splurge mode and got the double cheese burger with onions and a diet coke all for under $5.00...yup not bad.My god was my burger flippen fantastic! I aint gonna lie, I'm a picky one when it comes to even basic food such as a burger and this baby made my high expectation day and didn't hurt my wallet to boot. Also had a few bites of my friends onion rings which just as good.Def not making it a habit but def will be back : )
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,1/20/2012,301,844,8,11,10>Nick's is now under new ownership, and the new owner - Brian - has recruited an entirely new staff who are just as friendly as he is. They've done a nice job renovating the interior and back patio with new carpet, new paint, and general maintenance work. In the  interest of full disclosure, I should say that Brian offered me a free drink if I'd replace my old pictures of the lounge, and given how much I enjoyed Nick's in the past, it was no hardship to come back and do so. Rest assured, the atmosphere is much the same - the dim lighting, dark paint, and large photos of blues/jazz legends on the wall combine with the continued presence of some of the previous barflies to convince me that the soul of Nick's (pun intended) is still here.Other than maintenance, there were 2 main changes I noticed. First, the mechanical jukebox is gone from the front door. I was initially worried about the impact on the music selection, but they now have a modern internet jukebox in the back, so your soul/blues/jazz options remain. Second, Monday night is now karaoke night! (Hence the 5th star.)Brian reports that his next step is to bring the kitchen up to code so he can start offering limited food service, but that's probably a few months away. In the meantime, there are several options nearby and Nick's sometimes has chips/salsa, nuts, or similar bar snacks.Come check it out! Nick's is just 2 blocks south of Ashby BART - keep the BART parking lot on your right and head down Adeline. You won't be sorry!
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2011,1/19/2012,273,265,11,13,14>The sun blistered overhead in a cloudless sky as Horus and The Commodore journeyed from one end of the colossal fair that occupied the entire western stretch of the former Alameda Naval Base to the other.  Everywhere were there odds, ends and delights to trip every sense that could be triggered.  Food trucks and privies lined both sides of the expanse, with sporadic sprinklings of hot dog and ice cream carts in the middle to quench your thirst or hunger in a preemptive move in case you passed out before you could reach the other side.The two were on a mission - a Horus mission for furniture.  This search eventually proved to be fruitless by the middle of the fair, when the two ran out of steam and from sheer oversaturation of everything there was to seen thus far.The search parametres changed.  Suddenly it became a hunt for an outfit or two for the upcoming YEE Pink Party, and the two scoured clothes racks that miraculously appeared before their eyes that they hadn't seen prior.  This seach bore fruit with a bright pink bowling shirt for The Commodore, which he wore proudly at the party and which won him a prize at the end.  What was the prize?  Mayhaps it was a date with the other winner at the party.  Who knows.  Let's speculate.Nay, ne'er you mind.  Let's not.It was after months - and I grant you MONTHS - of promises to each other that we'd go to this fair that takes place nigh once a month that we finally got the gumption to go.  And I've a feeling there may be a return trip in the future, for there was so much stuff to take in at this fair - from creepy dolls and large stuffed sheep for the wayward mage, to wonderful vintage chests and buffet servers, to new and old clothes.May I caution, however, that you bring a parasol or wide brimmed hat with you should you venture the course.  This place is HUGE!
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2011,1/18/2012,119,124,10,17,13>SubRosa manages to make drinking coffee feel like some type of clandestine affair, tucked away in a speakeasy-esque location in a gritty, but hip, part of town. The storefront is so small you could mistaken it for an extension of the bicycle shop next door. In fact, they don't even have a sign! You have to find the place by following the scent of fresh brewed grounds enticing you to their doorstep.This place is for the serious coffee lover. There are no tables or chairs and the entire coffee bar is probably about the size of a roomy walk-in closet. Do not go here if you want to sit around for hours and burn time on a macbook while you drink your latte.They serve what could be a contender for the most concentrated syrupy espresso you've ever had in the East Bay.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,1/17/2012,217,1121,9,12,11>Dublin really needed a restaurant like this!  The interior is beautiful and not stuffy.  The menu is not overwhelming, but has a variety of entrees and appetizers.  We met the chef and it was great to share our suggestions and hear his explanation of the menu.  Many items come with one side or none to keep the price point low.  Veggies are typically additional and seasonal.  Watching my weight I appreciate that the portion sizes are not ridiculous.  I think it would be simplest to have entrees all a la carte or include one choice of side.  I had the fried calamari (a special treat) and thought it was great!   A little spice, lightly breaded and perfectly cooked.  I enjoyed the trio of sauces.  I also had a spinach salad with pecans, raisins, berry vinaigrette and humboldt fog goat cheese (omg, the cheese is awesome!).Kid friendly (they have a kids menu!) and there are no peanuts on the menu as the chef shared his kids have several food allergies including a peanut allergy.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,1/16/2012,176,112,12,17,4>First of all let me say that I only came here because of the reviews on Yelp. Note to all businesses...Yelp makes a difference!Having said that, the reviews on this place were spot on. On a street with 12 other nail shops (no exaggeration)...this place is a hidden gem. I struggled with writing this review because I'm not sure I want others to know how fabulous this place really is.Let me start by saying that this place is immaculate. Hands down the cleanest nail shop I have ever been to. This is super important to me. It says a lot about the owner, clientele, their tools, etc. I watched the receptionist clean every foot spa with real deal cleanser...after each use.Secondly, they have an awesome choice of colors. Essie, OPI and few others but I don't think I would ever run out of choices here even if I came in every day! Third, the staff is very friendly, but not overly. There is a peacefulness to  the place and they maintain that. It's small with only 4 spa chairs and 3 manicure stations. They treat those who make appointments like queens, so I'll be making an appointment next time.And get this, the nail technician who did an expert job, trimming, filing, cuticle cutting, massaging, and most importantly painting used to do my nails at another shop 8 years ago...Wow! See how Yelp brings together long lost local service providers?! Mani/Pedi -$24, Finding my long lost nail tech, PRICELESS!I would tell you to go here if you want the best mani/pedi you've every had for 24 bucks but I don't want it to get too crowded, so don't go here go to Lisa's nails across the street.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,1/15/2012,187,301,11,12,10>My first jazz club experience and hell yes, it makes you feel like a grown up! One of my best friends was visiting from out of town and I wanted to do something Oakland-ish for us pseudo grown-ups. I nabbed Goldstar tickets for Kenny Burrell's 80th birthday celebration last weekend and had no idea what to expect. It was so classy...intimate...calming...and romantical! HAHA! Kenny was so charismatic and him and his group were extremely gifted! Would definitely take a date here if you love good music!Tips:* Arrive earlier than 10 minutes before the show so that you can get a choice in seats. We had to sit in the back (we could see/ hear perfectly), which meant tall tables and chairs, and our shorty legs were kind of dangling about the whole show. * Remember there's a one drink/ menu item minimum. The cucumber martini was amazing! I'd skip out on the spiced mango margarita--tasted pretty artificial and not mango-y at all.* Prepare to let go of your personal space. This club gets packed and the tables are tiny, but everyone is super friendly and chill that you'll probably strike up a little conversation with your table-mates. Oakland is so cool. * You can dress up all fancy, but you wouldn't feel weird if you didn't. I wore jeans and Birkenstocks and didn't feel the burning eyes of disgust (and yes, I have hippie tendencies,but I DO shower, you haters, haha!).
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,1/14/2012,628,530,17,21,19>Elevated Chinese Food-- Maybe it is because greasy spoon Chinese food is near and dear to the American palette.  Maybe it is because traditional Chinese food is often an "acquired taste."  But high-end Chinese dining is quite a feat, balancing people's expectation for a scrumptious $1.00 egg roll with their revulsion at paying an arm and a leg for one.  How do you convince people that it is worth paying more than $8 for shrimp and lobster sauce without gargantuan portions?#1: You need beautiful modern decor with all the amenities.  -Grand Wooden Door-- Check!  -Curtains to keep the wind from the door-off a cold blooded Susan. Check!-Striking stair case. Check!  -High end seating arrangement and place settings. Check! -Fully stocked bar and specialty cocktail menu. Check!  #2: You have to use high end ingredients, have creative twists, and pack in a lot of flavor without the gallon of oil or heavy use of cornstarch--  Check!-Hot and Sour Soup. Had an interesting twist of fresh edamame.  Also had large chunks of high quality tofu and shitake mushroom. Check!  -Tender Beef Skewers with Spicy Sauce.  Well balanced flavor with high-quality meat.  Not over cooked. Check! -Shrimp in crab sauce with brown rice. A virtually cornstarch-less crab sauce was a nice change from lobster sauce.  Had some egg mixed in and edamame instead of the traditional frozen peas.  The shrimp were amazingly fresh and flavorful, cooked absolutely perfectly. Check! (a great deal of $10 at lunch time!)While the portions were not huge, they were plenty filling! #3: Outstanding Service--While the service was not poor by any means, the one guy serving everyone at lunch hour seemed really confused why we would want to eat at the bar. (I guess because there was no bartender other than him?)   He seemed so reluctant to seat us there I conceded to sitting at one of the many open tables...even though I like sitting at bars...So, elevated Chinese food.  Does it work?  I'd say heck yes for lunch time and happy hour!  For dinner?  If I'm paying, I might go somewhere else in that price range.  If I'm on a date?  For sure! Heehee.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,1/13/2012,883,311,19,21,14>Piranha Pedi? Um, can I sign up twice?Actually, I did, and dragged my gorgeous, brave boyfriend along with me to get one too. It was his first pedicure (not surprisingly, this guy only shaves when I whine about make out burn. Of course he's not the mani-pedi type), so it was quite exciting.  We both got the fish, because when in Rome, you get a fish pedicure.The shop is small and clean, had a cute atmosphere.  We both had to have a quick foot rinse before hopping in with the fishes. The fish tank is in the back, and they didn't charge us for the fish treatment (AWESOME). I went first (because there's no way I would let fish go at me after they had been munching on his toesies).  The water was lukewarm, and the fish were hungry.They went AT IT. It tickles like crazy.  It's so weird to watch because you see a few just chillin around your feet, and then there's some just STARVING and noming away.  Anyways, the girl who was helping us was super nice and answered my (now nervous) boyfriend's questions.  She told us that everyone gets about ten minutes, and that the fish are more effective when they're fresh. Also, each fish costs about $5, and they had to be imported in.  Apparently the fish were too big to be truly effective (um, I disagree) so that's why they didn't charge anymore.  She also happily told us about how one woman screamed for 6 minutes straight.  I am not gonna lie, I giggled for the first three minutes until I calmed down (my boyfriend ended up holding my hand for a minute because I was freaking out).  But it was AWESOME. When my honey got in, he immediately lit up with giggles. It is an incredibly ticklish experience, and it should be on bucket lists everywhere. It is awesome and so cool.After that, we both got in spa chairs and got pedicures.  I noticed they mix cuticle oil with lotion, which I have never seen before, but I thought was kind of neat. I really don't know if the fish actually make your feet softer or more exfoliated, but  it was an amazing experience and I would definitely recommend it. AND the staff is AWESOME, so sweet, so nice. I love it.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2011,1/12/2012,1429,411,14,23,15>Chicken and Waffles is in the name, but ordering the sides is the game! (Corny, i know) If you haven't been to the Home of Chicken and Waffles then sadly yes, I'm afraid you're missing out on a true Oakland staple- one that you need to get acquainted with as soon as possible. Like I rhymed a moment ago, it's not only about the chicken and waffles here- it's about digging deep into this menu and finding some of the tastiest soul food sides ever encountered. The mac & cheese is delicious, the biscuits are outstanding. My favorite dish on the menu is #4, Susan's Special. The best smothered potatoes and gravy flavor around hands down, with a side of scrambled eggs topped with onions and cheese- with a biscuit to boot! It's a hit- I promise! I like ordering the buckwheat waffle- and if you come during their 4-7pm happy hour, the time on the clock that you order your meal is the price that you pay... not bad! Catch me here on a Sunday morning, listening to the Amtrak blow by, enjoying my smothered potatoes! I'm a fan!
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,1/11/2012,561,82,15,11,11>Nowadays, most people are downright freaked out about carb intake. Freaked out because people say, you are what you eat. We don't usually want to look like what we eat.  Then there are people like me, who are not afraid of carbs because they provide sustainable energy. Just limit the intake.  There are days where let me just put it plainly and simply: I don't give a sh*t. Those days call for multiple doses of señorita bread. Cheap, doughy, buttery, warm, soft, sweet, with a dab of honey under these extraordinarily delicious rolls.This location is where I first experienced the magic of senorita. A day I will never forget. When I'm having the "I-don't-give-a-sh*t-about carb" days, I pay the San Pablo location a visit. Closer to home, same divine bread, service is so-so, but it doesn't matter when the order takes a whole 2 minutes. I'm out of there a happy girl. I always manage to have a bread, or two, or 10 in my car before hitting the road. The honey will leave your fingers sticky, but don't fret. You won't want a napkin because at this point of your senorita experience, you'll be licking your fingers in pure delight. As for the phrase, you are what you eat? Who cares? Go for a run, take a walk, or make use of your own señor/señorita, have a romp in the hay, and you'll be sure to burn some carb-y calories.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2011,1/10/2012,317,326,10,14,13>I can't believe I haven't written a review about Skipolini's yet!  This is the best pizza I've found since we moved to Concord.  I think it's as good as, or maybe slightly better than North Beach pizza.  I love their crust.  It's the perfect thickness, not too thick not too thin.  Their sauce is sooo tasty, and along with the great crust, makes for an excellent pizza!  Our favorite is 1/2 hawaiian and 1/2 pepperoni & linguica.  YUM!They have this appetizer called Skip's dip that they serve with a whole loaf of warm bread.  It's  balsamic vinegar, olive oil, italian seasonings, garlic & fresh grated parmesan and it's delicious!  I could seriously eat that whole loaf plus the dip by myself.Everyone that works here is super nice.  The service is always friendly and prompt.  I prefer this location over Walnut Creek because it's not as crazy (and it doesn't have sawdust all over the floor!  Not a fan of that).  If you're looking for pizza in Concord, check this place out.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,1/9/2012,563,337,17,20,19>Who doesn't like a hot little panini, right?!  Ok, it's not that little but it's hot and tantalizing...  They have a hot breakfast panini with bacon and eggs that is absolutely AMAZING!  Oh, don't forget the NUTELLA and strawberry hot panini that is out of this world.  Yes, sounds a bit odd... Nutella and Strawberry in a hot panini?!  Don't knock it until you've tried it because it is the BOMB!The vibe and feel of this place is great too.  Love the deco!
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2011,1/8/2012,606,219,12,16,18>I've been holding off writing a review for a few days now trying to decide what business was worthy of being my 150th review..Of course it was the place with the bottomless Sake!!!And not only was the Sake bottomless but it was also served in a cool cedar box. My box never once was actually empty during our dinner. An older gentleman who the patrons affectionately call "Coach" circled the dining room endlessly filling.. And filling.. AND filling!!! Coach was delighted by the fact that it was our first time dining (and drinking) at this very cool Lakeside sushi bar on Grand ave roughly a block from the theater. With an absolutely adorable accent Coach taught us the proper way to begin drinking Sake from a cedar box (at least at Coach Sushi). Each diner is given a cedar box and a small amount of kosher salt (also perfect for margaritas he explained). We were instructed to take a pinch of salt and put it on one corner of the box. Coach then filled our boxes with Sake to the rim. He told us to put our hands behind our backs and drink our first gulp of Sake only using our mouths. Slurp, slurp.. :-)BTW.. The sushi was fantastic! As was the banana tempura we shared for desert. Prices were moderate, quality was awesome. Wait was fairly long even though we arrived at 9pm- but well worth the wait.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,1/7/2012,378,165,35,40,41>I was lucky enough to have lunch with the ever so classy John Z. Lin Jia, was the perfect place for playful conversation, and Chinese food like you have never had before. This seriously, is not your typical Chinese food. We started with, Shrimp Rolls; these babies were, roll your eyes good. Shrimp, cream cheese, (just the right amount) cilantro, and deep-fried to a crisp perfection. I will have these every time I return to Lin Jia, which, by the way, may be again today. I want to try some of the specialty dish on the dinner menu. Next came Mongolian Beef, the flavor is off the top amazing, and none of that blood sugar reaction an hour later. This dish is done right. The Korean Fried Chicken (KFC) is one of those, fight for the last piece, kind of good. It is made with free-range chicken, (yes kids, were still talking. Chinese food here) chili, garlic, ginger, and sesame seed. The Imperial Glass Noodles are a Holiday treat in the Lin Jia family, and I can see why. The Chardonnay was cold and crisp, and went perfectly with all the dishes. They offer a few Gluten free options as well. And I bet MSG has never cross they're threshold. But I do suspect Crack in the sauces. That's a joke, ha, ha. If you want more mild than spicy, mention it when you order. I highly recommend Lin Jia. And I highly recommend having lunch with John. He is awesomely fun, with a little bit of wicked.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,1/6/2012,1211,478,16,17,20>Cafe Biere..where I've only been to twice and everyone can already recognize me.$12/bottomless mimosas with flavors such as Hibiscus, Strawberry, Grapefruit, and..well it seems to me my memory has failed.Saturday and Sundays are brunch days, with choices from Steak and Eggs to Fish n Chips and even mussels.  No pancakes and waffles though, but there is French toast!Got the music pumping, sometimes with a live band, an array of board games, and mimosas that just won't stop?  I decided to stand closer to the band and Ivan, the owner actually held my arm mid-fist pump to pour me another mimosa.They have no phone number because Ivan said it was way too loud in the restaurant, so they just unplugged it.Come early or else you have to wait an indefinite time for a table, but don't worry, they pour you a mimosa to make the wait a little more bearable.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2011,1/5/2012,1948,4780,16,20,17>One of my favourite villains that appeared in the old Batman TV Series was the Mad Hatter. His real name was Jervis Tetch, and was inspired by the lunacy of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland to commit crimes. He used his mind-control technology (that popped out of his large hat) to bend people to his will. You're probably Mad as well if you leave Berkeley Hat without finding something to grace your noggin. And Holy Halloween! - What a Selection! There are Stylish, Proper, Whimsical, Fedoras, Berets, and even Tilley Hats. And most important for me, they have a nice selection of hats that fit my almost Size 8 head. My only caution is that this is Berkeley. So if you're not willing to wade through the egalitarian and "dense" displays, and want to pay for the privilege of shopping in more of a Salon atmosphere, try Goorin Brothers or similar. I like both, but I found the service and my own satisfaction in bending to this haberdashery's hypnosis to be much more enjoyable here.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2011,1/4/2012,723,405,23,22,25>When sitting on your bum, locked outside your door, cursing the moron (most likely you) that bumped a still intact  but previously drilled out lock that no key will open but *can* be locked from the inside, say... with a giant heavy bag bumping into it upon exiting... Of course, it was 11/2/11 the day of the strike and demonstration to boot - I was absolutely unsure if I would be able to get inside at all.*drumroll*Praise Cheesus that you have your smart phone with the Yelp App and can conjure the cheerful crew at Rex Key & Security.  I was given an estimated time of a 30 minute wait, but it couldn't have been half that, as they had a contractor in the area. Had just had flooring replaced, doors painted and was PLANNING to change out the hardware this weekend.  The Tuxedo Cat could hear me outside and I felt so bad for the poor little 25 lb. guy, starving, possibly low on water because it was warm with everything locked up... Enter Jake, who arrived with all the professionalism and a speedy solution that had me indoors in less than 45 seconds.  He felt so bad that the fee (super-reasonable) had to be charged, he offered to remove the offending lock so I wouldn't repeat my damsel in distress act.I was so delighted with the cheery, expedited service, I put some good karma back into the universe with a sincerely heart-felt gratuity.  As the Holidaze approach and we become preoccupied with manic shopping and travel schedules, let's not forget to be grateful for those who are helpful and kind - especially when you're cranky, sleep-deprived  - oh, wait - that was me!Jake, thanks so much for "righting" a day that was already going sideways in a big way.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,1/3/2012,716,387,14,20,18>I always loved to buy a few cheeses, it brings me back when I was preschool age in Europe and had a love for all types of cheese. The Cheese Board is immediately next time the popular pizza joint and closes up slightly earlier than pizza place. So be sure to come here if you are a cheese lover because the people who work here definitely do love cheese themselves.There was one particular cheese I was looking for the very creamy Teleme: Franklin and OMG they actually have it! I always have some difficulty finding it so I was really happy when it just happen to be here. Aside from that, The Cheese Board actually has a large collection of all types of wonderful cheeses from around the world. The person behind the counter is actually amazingly very knowledgable. He even gave us a lot background information of each of the different cheeses we have tasted. At the end of the little tasting session (we probably went through like six different cheeses), I went to with goat cheese pairing with wine and also that teleme.Lastly, I went ahead and bought a few of their shortbreads, my favorite is their hazelnut shortbread. It's a very nutty shortbread with just rights amount of sweet. They were excellent with my daily coffee intake.-----+ Pro: Knowledgable and friendly staff- Con: Can't find any!\( ^,^)/ Overall: Great cheese with an expert staff!
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,1/2/2012,108,1734,17,27,29>We encountered these folks at the North Berkeley Farmers Market Thursday.  We bought 3 jars of conserves, two for Alan and one for me, a Meyer lemon marmalade that will be splendid on crumpets.  But the 5 stars are for their sweet risotto/currant tart.  I had it for dessert last night it it was perfection, a star shaped puff pastry w/ turbinado sugar lightly sprinkled on the outside.  The filling was slightly sweet.  I had thought the dark spots in it were raisins, w/ which I have a very ambivalent relationship, so I requested the one w/ the least visible dark spots, but they were currants, which I love.  It was a lovely dessert and you can be sure I will buy another the next time I see them at the farmers market.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2011,12/31/2011,330,444,12,17,14>A true gem in Oakland.  I was thrilled to take a lifetime resident of East Bay here and show him a place he'd never seen before-this Park! Even the ride there is cool because you get to see all the berths of the port, and all of the shipping companies' offices, like Hanjins', on the way there.  It's like straight out of Thomas The Train, if you have a son or child in your life who loves trains.  They will freak between all of the trains, and the port activity.  Arriving at the park, I was disappointed to see the geese flock here too and their shit is everywhere.  Gross.  But, you can literally walk down to the water, to the very shore, and look at the Bay!  It's quite a spectacular view of the Port, the Jack London channel, all of the shipping and recreational boat activity, and the bridge.  Frankly it would be a great place to smoke a joint if you're into that. But there are cameras everywhere, so don't be stupid.  The park shares a border with the Port of Oakland so don't act a fool. The restrooms are convenient and clean every time I have gone, and it's just an all around fun and unique place to get out and take in fresh air and stroll.  Also, some of the landscaping will take a while to grow in, to the people who complained about no shade- there are some trees, they are still growing!  Most plants are more established now and look nice.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,12/30/2011,744,496,12,20,17>Hey kids, here's a clue to make your weekends a little more fantastic. There's no brunch wait at La Note around 2pm. My fave menu item is the Cote Est: 2 fluffy, soft scrambled eggs, 3 strips of astonishingly good bacon and one pancake of your choice. Lemon gingerbread is a my choice!  Add a mimosa and their deliciously strong coffee and it's food joy in paradise.The patio in the back is so very sweet on a sunny day. Now that you'll have to wait for! (Note that the patio service ends in early November and won't start again until April). Service is always great here. Beatrice is especially super-cool.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,12/29/2011,121,228,12,17,13>This totally gorgeous new bar is slightly confusing, as there are what appears to be two bars--one for booze and one for meat.  Not that I have a problem with that.However, once we were informed that we could order everything through the (alcohol) bartender, we were all set.A platter of salumi mixti had some gorgeous marinated shrimp and a truffled salami, amongst other things, and was only $10.  Take that, Adesso!Our cocktails were quite lovely, and the somewhat limited liquor selection makes it easier to decide what you'd like.  The bartender is friendly but not obtrusive, and the people-watching from the window is fantastic.The nicest part about the bar is that it seems like somewhere it's completely appropriate to wear either a dress and heels or your morning-after jeans and hoodie.  It's welcoming, friendly, and relaxing.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,12/28/2011,1137,482,20,7,6>There are now very few restaurants east of the Tunnel that we have left to try.  Chevalier was on the short list of unexplored territories.  Being in a pioneering sorta mood, we booked a dinner reservation and headed out.Since it was a nice summer night, we opted to sit in their covered outside patio area.  We started out the meal with a couple of sidecar cocktails followed by some very good '08 Sancerre Vieilles Vignes...perfect after a grueling work day.After perusing the menu, we both opted to go with the Prix Fixe.  We started with the truffle mushroom soup and the maraichiere salade et chèvre chaude which features fillo-wrapped goat cheese.  Both were excellent.Next up were our wild salmon and bavette a l'echalotte skirt steak entrees.  Again very nicely prepared and flavorful.  Our extra side of pomme dauphines really appealed to us since these were essentially like tasty bite-sized Japanese potato croquettes.To finish, we had the creme brûlée and Ile Flottante (an almond meringue-type dessert).  Both were satisfyingly rich without being too heavy.Overall, we had a fantastic dinner.  This has officially joined the ranks of our local go-to Lafayette spots.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,12/27/2011,748,1049,8,14,9>Wow just wow. Deserves all the hype. This was where my husband took me to celebrate my 50th birthday. OK let me try to capture everything they served us. The menu said 5 courses ($68) but they give you a lot more than that.My husband had the varietal grape juice and I had the lychee cooled tea, since we don't drink.1) rocks -- they give you a bowl of rocks and explain that 2 of the rocks are actually parmesan cookies dusted with "vegetable ash."  It was fun!2) amuse bouche -- poached egg YOLK only, surrounded by white onion soup and garnished with crunchy malt and chives. Under the layers of egg and soup they have hidden some kind of smoked dates so that when your spoon cuts through the dish you get all these amazing flavors at once.3) cured mackerel with daikon, "caramelized tuna broth" and pickled shallots and farro sprouts. I don't dig mackerel but the broth was wonderful.4) dry farmed tomato on ice, fresh cheese, pickled shallots and basil. AMAZING, hard to describe but sweet and savory and wonderful.5) true cod (roasted in its own juices) with anise aromatics, potato with verjus (a Persian spice) and ... the crowing glory: lemon verbena cream. OH MY GOD.6) grass-fed beef, sunchokes and chanterelles, with pistachio/horsegrass puree. This was the tamest dish on the menu.7) palate cleanser - apple/cucumber/eucalyptus sorbet.8) dessert - Ngawang had melon and raspberry chiffon wtih white corn ice cream but I NEVER pass up a cheese plate so that is what I had: something hard with sheep's milk and something soft and stinky, served with hazelnut toasts and fresh blackberry conserve. French press coffee. They also gave us these little cubes of nectarine jelly.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,12/26/2011,1645,150,4,9,8>Well, we only had a great wine bar in Walnut Creek, now we have a great Beer Cafe! I was very happy to see this place open and right near my work too, how nice!Great selection of warm and cold beers, on the shelf and on tap. Which has now given way to what I like to call "New Beer Mondays!" which goes great with Monday night football! I usually get my drinks to go, but from what I've seen their food is simple and not to extensive, but who's going there to eat?! So I won't knock them for that!The staff is very knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful!This place will get a lot of business from me!!
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,12/25/2011,64,706,7,5,7>Say cheeeeeeese! No really, that's what you'll say when you walk in here with the competing cheesy aromas beckoning you to love them. The shop is small but effective with it's respectable array of cheeses, sauces, deli pickles, local honey and other goodies.Had it not been for the lovely and talented Jessica P, we would've never set foot. While we didn't purchase anything, Jessica's eyes were set on some local honey. Prices range from $9 - $16 for the buzzworthy buzz nectar which is comparably priced to other area outfits I've been to.Of course the stars of the show were the cheeses and the staff. The smell was pleasant (cheese not the staff, wouldn't know about the staff since I didn't get close enough and they were all behind the counter) although I didn't partake in the samples that called to me. A boy needs to watch his figure and I wasn't about to part with some of my caloric bank just yet.If I'm back in the area I'll come back and this time with more calories in my bank to give a more accurate cheese report. It's all gouda in the hood-a!
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,12/23/2011,301,336,15,15,17>The words 'organic' and 'Berkeley' invoke images of fleece-decked, sandal-wearing, Prius-driving food Nazis looking to devour their next locally sourced, vegan, non-GMO meal.  inevitably they're wagging their fingers at you for not eating their way while eco-chic buzzwords like; grass-fed, local, organic, cage-free, sustainable, low carbon footprint, free range, and biodynamic fly around their dinner table with reckless abandon.Say what you will about the whole 'farm to fork" fad happening in haute cuisine today, but the proponents do make a good point. Reduce the amount of greenhouse gasses, minimize the use of pesticides, and reform the way we house and process animals and eating becomes less costly on the environment and our bodies.Gather does a great job with breaking down the stereotypes of pretentious eating while pleasing carnivores and vegetarians with their innovative use of local ingredients and tasty preparations. I don't think I've ever been to a restaurant that allowed vegetarians and meat-eaters to co-exist in a way that doesn't feel forced.Astrid and I went to dinner at Gather with our friend Lisa Z. and started with the Vegan "Charcuterie" platter ($16) that was absolutely incredible! The flavors that the chefs coaxed out of completely vegan ingredients were mind blowing.  The seasonal selection included; a King Trumpet mushroom crudo and parsnip-pine nut sea palm risotto with crispy parsnips, a winter citrus carpaccio with shaved beets, olives and dill, braised endive with avocado, yuba, and smoked aioli on toasted bread and a roasted Carnival squash with sunchoke cashew bay leaf sauce and smoked maple all served on a cutting board with more toasted bread. I defy anyone who says they hate vegetables to find any fault with this plate.  It was magnificent!We could have stopped there, but next up was the "Chicken fried" Kabocha Squash ($19) served over vegan mashed root veggies with braised collard greens. The flavors there were amazing too.  It was the perfect early-winter meal, hearty and filling, but light too.  Lisa Z. opted for the Prather Ranch burger ($14) cooked perfectly, covered in cheddar cheese and served with the nicest french fries I think I've ever tasted. The house made caramelized shallot tomato sauce to dip those beautiful fries in was divine as well.The space is great with tables and counters made of reclaimed and salvaged wood, moody lighting and a bright lively kitchen. The bar where we sat was just as beautiful and featured some innovative cocktails.  While the other reviewers said the restaurant might be a bit tight, it lends itself well to the theme of 'gathering' to enjoy a meal with 150 of your closest friends.But I keep going back to that Vegan "Charcuterie". I can't get it out of my head.  I think next time I'm ordering one to myself...and I ain't sharing.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2011,12/21/2011,3617,1853,15,21,23>CineArts is one of of the few places you can see quality indie and foreign films in Contra Costa County. Which is a good thing, because I like those kind of movies. Granted, you come to this large domed multi-plex and think you might get a luxury seat in the main theater. Au contraire, mon frere! That is reserved for the pimply faced 14 year old who wants to see the blow'em up, shoot 'em up action flick that Americans love! So to see a movie with perhaps less action, more much more thought and complex emotions (not just fright and adrenalin), you have to buy your ticket and follow the yellow line all the way around to the back, like you are about go to the dumpster or something. But alas, there is a smaller multi-plex in the rear, just past the biker bar, with concessions, too. Good thing is, there are little crowds, so no waiting, jostling, and no packs of teens giggling and playing grab ass in front of you, while smacking their gum and texting on their phone through the movie. It is nice to see movies made for adults that make you think and feel, instead of waiting in line with 14 year old sugar and adrenalin junkies for the next comic based blockbuster.Sadly, with netflix and todays economics, these places that were more common decades ago, are slowly disappearing.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,12/20/2011,219,140,8,9,9>It took me all 30 of my 30 days for $30 to figure out how awesome this studio is.  I suppose you could call me a slow learner.There are multiple reasons why this studio is awesome:- The instructors are top notch.  I really like how they will physically move you if you're doing a certain wrong, or not as fully as they think you could, rather than trying to describe the shift from the front of the classroom (I hate that).  I especially liked Allan and Priya, so be sure to check out their classes.- The environment is supportive, mindful, and clean.  All good things.- No mirrors in the rooms.  I thought that this was a little bit weird at first, since I've only seen Yoga studios with lots of mirrors for perfecting the positions,  but this forces you to focus inward, rather than at your physical positioning, making the experience much more mindful and introspective.  - When you walk into this charming little studio, you'll notice a schedule written out on a whiteboard.  The classes are written in green/yellow/red(ish) to indicate level of difficulty...  makes sense, no?Due to my schedule there were only a select few classes that I could attend (typically one a day, but that still doesn't leave me too much flexibility).  As it turned out, I was attending mostly green level classes with the g-ma's.  Not ideal for me; I like a good physical challenge.  By the time I figured out just how awesome Allan's Ashtanga classes and Azra's Heated Vinyassa classes were, my 30 days were up.  The ONLY reason why I haven't already started monthly unlimited subscriptions is because the classes that I like are at all the wrong times for my current schedule.  Rest assured, though, as soon as my every-single-weeknight meetings in SF come to an end, I will be back at Lifestretch. (I have a feeling that there will be a five-star update coming once I've taken more of the classes that I enjoy the most).
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,12/19/2011,370,482,10,14,11>So far I've only been here once, but I was in love! As were my pals! This place is kind of perfect.I read my darling Michelle S.'s review and knew I would be OK taking friends here. And I was right.We got excited by the giant tiki in the parking lot, but were even happier walking in to find the dark-yet-charming tiki-ed out atmosphere. Aloooohaaa! We settled in at the bar (friendly patrons were quite cool about us squeezing in an extra stool) but the booths looked fun and cozy too.The drink menu is extensive, and I like how the drinks are rated on strength so you can decide early on how big of a tiki buzz you want to have. I got the Headhunter (on the stronger side), one friend got the Banana Mamacow (not as strong, but delish! dessert in a drink!) and I believe my other friend got a Zombie (not for the faint of heart). They were all quite delish and served in fun glasses (drink umbrella optional).We asked if they had desserts, which, sadly, no (perhaps the only downfall?), but they do have an appetizers menu. Plus, the drinks are basically dessert -- no utentsils necessary. We did order some chips and guacamole, which was tasty and a-plenty.The piece de resistance was the Fugu for Two drink served in a Munktiki Fugu mug ... these fish bowls were basically staring at us from behind the bar, there was no way we couldn't order one. They let us choose which bowl we wanted. And it was super yummy, and I don't normally use douchey phrases like "super yummy," so you know it was worthwhile.All three of us loved the place, and I hope to return soon! Mahalo!
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2011,12/18/2011,291,487,11,18,15>If you are a fan of Greek food like me, you know that there are not many places to get good, quality Greek dishes in the Bay Area. It's a shame, since there seems to be a fairly large population of Greeks around here. Luckily, Ikaros opened recently so now I have a place to go to curb my Greek cravings! My parents raved about this place, so they took my hubby & I here on a recent Wednesday night. The place was pretty packed by 7pm which shows that they are doing pretty good business here in Oakland. The owner is very sweet & makes his way around to all the tables, greeting customers & helping the waitstaff. I was very excited to see octopus on the menu. I am a huge fan of grilled octopus and most places just don't know how to prepare it correctly. We ordered the octopus appetizer, which was cooked perfectly but I didn't feel that the balsamic vinaigrette worked. I would have preferred some olive oil & a splash of red wine vinegar. We also ordered 3 dips: tzatziki (cucumber yogurt), melitzanosalata (eggplant), & tirokafteri (spicy feta spread). I loved them all, but I think my fave was the feta spread. Of course we had to order extra pitas which came out promptly & piping hot. There is so much on the menu it took me quite a while to decide. I finally chose the moussaka. It came in its own clay pot & was much bigger than a person could possible eat in one sitting. No matter, I gladly took it home & enjoyed it for lunch the next day. The flavors were delicious & it tasted just like homemade. The folks each ordered lamb, which is not my thing so I can't comment on it, but they seemed to thoroughly enjoy it. Hubby got the Gyros Stacker, which I just KNEW he would order! It was right up his alley: 2 kinds of gyro meat, pitas, fries, tzatziki, tomatoes, & red onion piled high. It was quite the concoction! Again it was too large to eat in one sitting, so I helped him finish it the next day. Both the chicken & the lamb/beef gyro meat were so delicious. Yep, I ate some even though I hate lamb! I am SO getting gyros next time. We were too full for dessert, but we happily enjoyed the little glasses of ouzo they brought over at the end of the meal.  Nice touch.Kali orexi!
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,12/17/2011,161,428,5,18,15>I love coming to Mint Leaf.  Not only is the food great but so is the service.  We have the same fantastic server every visit.  She is what really keeps us coming back.  I know a lot of ppl come here geared up for a good ole bowl of Pho to compare to the Oakland joints.  But for us it's hardly the case,  If we want a bowl of Oakland Pho house Pho we'd slide through the tunnel and hit one up 5 mins away.  When we want a change of pace and would like to expand our options you'll find us here.  We've sampled almost everything on the menu throughout the years.  Nothing has ever dissapointed us.  They actually make a great Bun Bo Hue.  Our last visit we were turned onto the Vermicelli Roll.  What a score!  The hubs now craves for it.  Another must have usual is their Bo Tai Chanh, I don't know what we would do if one day they didn't have it.  I don't mind spending a few extra bucks on a meal if the quality is an A.  And Mint Leaf delivers that quality.  Not only in their food but definitely their staff as well.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,12/16/2011,41,191,5,51,8>Artisan Bistro is located in a quaint little house that's been turned into a restaurant.  Our table was in the "porch" area of the house and was rather snug.  The tables were very close to each other, but they were angled in such a way that we weren't really bothered by it, and the constant stream of servers didn't seem to have a problem managing the small space.  There's free parking available in the back, which is always nice.We came here for Saturday dinner and the place was packed.  People were waiting at the bar (full service) for a table. Reservations recommended.My bf and I walked through the door and immediately were greeted by a very friendly and enthusiastic host and shown to our table.  From the host to our waitress to the water server to the chef (he was dressed like a chef anyway) who brought out our entrees, service was absolutely impeccable.  Not only clock-work efficient (our water glasses were never empty and each course was timed to perfection with hardly any wait in between) but very warm and humorous as well.  We don't eat "fancy" often but I've noticed upscale restaurants tend to treat us a bit stiffly.  Every single employee that we encountered here merited 5 stars for their service.The food was beautifully prepared, and it was the first time that I felt that the chef knew exactly what he was doing.  Dish after dish, I felt the execution was flawless.  If you had a steak, you could be sure the steak was prepared as best as it could possibly be.  I remembering thinking, "I bet this is what the dishes on Top Chef are like."Although execution was perfect, I think the concept of some of the dishes could have been improved, and that's why the 4 stars.  (Check out the pics we posted of each dish.)Braised oxtail with poached egg - good but not fantastic. Bf had this dish and it was the first time he had oxtail.  He didn't like the texture, which he said felt "fatty" (that's just the way oxtail is). Creative dish with the added egg.  His dish and he gave it 3 stars.Alaskan crab salad - a lot of people were ordering this. Beautiful presentation. A few leaves of small lettuce in a very light vinaigrette, whole pieces of alaskan crab, but what really made the dish was the small mix of crab, fruit, and some kind of dressing.  Very powerful flavor that I loved but the bf wasn't crazy about. My dish--4 stars.John Dory fish - orgasmic!  Not generally a big fan of fish but this was a true original. White fish, ever so slightly toasted crust in what tasted like an apple cider vinegar based broth.  One bite and we both immediately perked up.  A MUST.  5 stars for sure, and the bf even said he'd give the entire visit 5 stars just because of this 1 dish.Braised short ribs & sirloin cap - the short ribs tasted just like my bf's pot roast but it was cooked to tender perfection.  The sirloin was also cooked exactly right (on the rare side) to bring out its full flavor, but was surprisingly tough.  Like REALLY tough.  I thought the ribs were were great when I first tried it, but then I went over and had some of the sirloin, which was full of flavor (albeit leathery). When I went back to the short ribs, they tasted dry in comparison.  For this reason, I don't think the combo worked out as well as it could have. And if the sirloin cap is normally that tough, they should consider switching to another cut.  Came with au gratin potatoes, which would have been perfect combined with a light pastry.  3 stars.Bread pudding - first time we'd ever had bread pudding so can't compare, but it was good.  Not great, but I think that's more due to individual preference.  3 stars.Funnel cake - the dough was just perfect and I crave it as I write this. Heavily lathered in sugar & cinnamon (a bit too heavily for my taste). Came with a side of caramel, chocolately sauce for dipping.  I liked the sauce but the cake was way too sweet already so didn't end up dipping much.  4 stars but wish they were lighter on the sugar, and could've used some strawberries and/or sweetened condensed milk in lieu of all that sugar.Total bill around $115 (we'll just have to skip some meals to replenish the budget).  This is a lovely restaurant for a special occasion (birthdays and anniversaries are printed on the menu), where you're treated truly like guests.  We actually enjoyed this place better than Fleur de Lys in SF, which was double the price (ouch).  It's great to know there's a restaurant of this caliber closer to us in the East Bay.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,12/15/2011,389,574,9,20,15>As much as I like art, I'd never ventured over to the Art Murmur, mostly because I didn't want to hassle with the crowd.  Last weekend though, I did make it to the Saturday Stroll.  Saturday Stroll is the monthly Friday night Art Murmer's more mellow, not at all crowded sister.  You can easily get close enough to see and hear when you come upon an artist discussing her work with attendees.25th street, where a friend of a friend just opened a gallery, is my new inspirational zone.  I love all the recycled textile and other artsy and collaborative ventures going on in this area.   My friends and I had a great time hitting up the Saturday Stroll for a quick hour of viewing, interacting with artists and just soaking it all in.  I even thought the art was reasonably priced with prices I noted between $90-$3500 depending on the artist and size of the work.  There are currently 16 participating galleries, but we hit only 25th street this time.  Next time I'll be sure to have more time to expand to 23rd street and some of the other areas.I'll continue to avoid the chaos of the Friday night Art Murmers and be back for the Saturday Stroll.  It's the right kind of mellow art experience for me to enjoy with my friends and family.  Every Saturday 1-5.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2011,12/14/2011,327,957,13,22,21>Jewish comfort food at it's best...the new owners are doing a great job providing just the right mix of old world and modern.We were greeted and seated immediately...so friendly.  Love the retro/industrial decor...booths are perfect!! Service was spot on.We had a big laugh about comfort food, and how some of our party preferred tough, rubbery matzo balls because that is what mom made...too funny!!Menu is extensive...sammies, dinner, and things you can't live without...Our table had:*Pickle plate...a hit with the pickle lovers! (sadly I am not one of  the throng)*Wine...small but good list of wine and beer...a bit pricey, but the wine was nice.*Brisket dinner....a big hit!! The meat was a bit sweet for my taste...mash and veggies were yummy...all plates were cleaned!!*Turkey Sammie...I got a half sammie...and it was good, but not great, bread was a tiny bit stale for my taste.*Potato Knish....wonderful!! Just like bubbie made!!*Sufganiot are deep-fried doughnuts...there were filled with the same cheese as a blintz....OMG!!  We ordered way too many...3 came in 1 order.  Our server said they were big orders last night!  Stellar!What went by, that I want next time...matzo ball soup, latkes, blintz, soda fountain drinks (cream soda and  phosphate) and more!!
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,12/13/2011,168,242,12,15,15>Shhhh!  Nothing to see here.I have a small confession: this review has been sitting un-posted for weeks now.  It is one of the few times I have ever considered not reviewing a place because I wanted it all to myself, but that's probably selfish and unrealistic.Anyway, after having my Thai expectations carefully calibrated to the typical East Bay fare, I was subtly, lovingly surprised by the preparations the White Lotus brought to the table.  With so little of the typical reliance on grease and sugar, I thoroughly enjoyed every noodle, vegetable, and dessert.  To further enhance the experience, the service was very personable, and the location is remarkably convenient.  Frequent visitors may recognize this swath of San Pablo as home to a sleeper cell of excellent ethnic restaurants, and White Lotus makes no exception.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2011,12/12/2011,151,178,15,20,15>My boss is a good guy. So when his birthday rolled around, I wanted to treat him to a nice b-day lunch. His first pick featured outdoor seating. But given the rainy forecast I asked for his second choice. A smile hit my face as he spoke his alternative -- Tamarindo.  As a foodie-in-training and a lover of the Oakland dining scene, it's been my personal albatross to have never dined there.Arriving at noon, two smiling hosts greeted us, and sat us within a minute. The interior's vibe is open, chic and comforting. Solid wood tables and chairs, stylish lighting and modern fixtures in harmony with the high tin ceilings and exposed brick walls of this classic Old Oakland building.  Eclectic framed art of Mexican inspiration or origin peppered the walls. Frida Kahlo's works would feel right at home.Our server, like the hosts, emanated cordiality and service. Upon hearing the specials, and scouring the menu, I wanted to sample a dozen things.  My boss though, while a good guy, is also a cheap date. My "wouldn't you like to share some guacamole? Would you like something to drink? How about dessert?" were all declined. We both opted for three-taco plates, mine of Niman beef and his of the daily special pork. Nicely arranged on a rectangular plate and accompanied by two tubs of different salsas, the tacos were both simple and simply delicious. I washed mine down with an exceptional iced tea. My boss did the same with his water. Again, cheap date.With still some room in my stomach, I pondered the urge for dessert against what Miss Manners would say about indulging while your guest does not. The menu's third dessert listed offered compromise -- a hot chocolate, with hints of chile and clove. Rich, amazingly flavorable and nicely satisfying.My only complaint is I didn't sample more dishes. But, having now dined at Tamarindo, at least that albatross is gone. Though a new one has taken its place. "When are you going back?" it squawks. Shut up bird. I'll be back soon.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,12/11/2011,237,521,10,13,13>What do you say about a place that has over 400 reviews and is half a star away from perfection?I didn't care that I had to wait an hour, and I refused to think of other options when queried by the rest of my party.  Stick it out I said, we've gotta try it.When we were finally seated, it was at the large communal table.  I actually enjoyed the interaction with the other diners.  I had the midwest, which I opted for at the last second.  I'll have to come back for the southern.  My pork was perfect!  Succulent yet completely cooked and tasty with every bite.  The potato pancakes (latkes at my house), we delish and came with sour cream and applesauce and my poached eggs arrived with extra napkins to soak up the water. Everyone in my group loved what the chose and all agreed, it was worth the wait.There is parking in the back, but I suggest sending in a scout to put you on the list while you go park the car.  Grab a bench and relax until it is your turn, but keep an ear out for your name, they don't have a loudspeaker.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,12/10/2011,1328,395,12,14,13>I was skeptical about the name too - I consider myself a taco and burrito expert - an afishianado if you will - so when I rolled up to the counter and looked at the uber-simple menu I had my doubts.They were quickly and violently cast out. THIS PLACE IS AMAZING! And yes, I realize all caps is like shouting.The tortillas are crispy and perfect. The shrimp and fish are perfectly battered and fried and the fact that you can decorate the crap outta these tacos any way you want only completes the perfect dining experience.The radish salsa is great. The mango is great. The stuff marked hot is HOT. The owner is super friendly and threw 2 free tacos my way. I had four tacos and didn't want to pump the breaks.Go there immediately.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2011,12/9/2011,230,254,12,13,12>We've been in a rut, you and me, sushi.  I've neglected you with cheap buffets and terrible outfits that served deep fried rolls covered in gooey sauce.  Then along came Hideki-san, my Dr. Phil.  Hideki reinvigorated my senses and my love affair for sushi. We went omakase till we were full.  My therapy included some of the most amazing Nigiri - Yellowtail, seared toro, geoduck, ami ebi, and other goodness...mostly I didn't want to insult the chef by asking him to repeat, but I didn't really care since I knew it was going to be good.  Make sure to end w/ the green tea creme brule. I'll have to sneak out of work early to get here in time.  There's only 8 seats at the bar...but I will be here again dammit!
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2010,12/8/2011,126,1452,18,21,21>I love noodles.  I love fat ones.  I love skinny ones.  I just really love noodles.After my doctors appointment it was lunch time and I knew I was heading for Oodles of Noodles.I ordered Chicken with Noodles and Orange Ginger sauce.So you get your bowl and you get to load it up with all the veggies you want.  I put, Bok Choy, Sprouts, Water Chestnuts, Zucchini, a mountain of Onions, mini Corn, and chopped Garlic.Then you slide your bowl over and the guy takes it and cooks it along with the meat, noodles and sauce you ordered.I should have piled my bowl higher with veggies because they really do shrink.I was also disappointed with the selection of veggies.  They need to have more like maybe some Red Bell pepper, Asparagus, you know other type veggies.My food was good and the noodle portion was huge.  I had to ask for a to go box.  Service was wonderful.  The girl behind the counter came over to see if I needed more water and she went and got it for me.  That was so unexpected and nice.She also got me a to go box that I loaded myself.  Everyone working here was really nice and the cooker guy told everyone who left thanks for coming in and have a nice day.  Even if he had to yell it.  Exceptional service if you ask me.I wish when I worked in Brentwood this place was here.  It would be a great lunch spot.I will definitely come back again.  I just love noodles!
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,12/7/2011,331,587,22,24,26>Bruce Lee said that we should "hack away at the unessential." I completely agree, but please don't look in my closet or on my desk because I don't want to called a hypocrite. That's never fun.Mr. Lee graces the walls of Hawker Fare, but I think his credo is an ingredient in their simple and flavorful rice bowls as well. My choice was simple but not easy to make, as all the rice bowls were topped with a delicious protein. I chose the beef short rib "satay" marinated in coconut milk, then grilled, and served with savory peanut sauce with grilled scallions. The size is modest but fair, the meat I would have preferred to be juicier, but the flavor was incredible, especially that peanut sauce which was a perfect balance of sweet and salty.I did not leave able to do push-ups on my thumb (sad, no?), but the meal was quite nourishing and I felt able to take on my challengers on a full-stomach. Since I can't dine at Commis as often as I would like, I'll be here at Hawker taking in chef James' fare.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,12/6/2011,1020,575,24,30,25>My 400th review goes to a place that I love dearly....Kara's, you were there greeting me at the finish line after my first half marathon. You were there to celebrate my 25th birthday and New Years Eve with me and my friends. You were there to celebrate Valentine's Day with me and Lovie. And many other times before, no special occasion. You were still there.Even so briefly thinking about your cupcakes alludes me to a happiness that is innocent, and oh-so sweet. When I take that first moist bite, my eyes roll in the back of my head, my head tilts towards the sky, as I think in my mind, "MMM....it just doesn't get any better." As I return to reality, my body does its foodie happy dance, a dance only reserved for the most delicious.Fleur de Sel and Passionfruit does the trick for me. I don't know what it is about the filled cupcakes. The execution of the internal flavors with the moist cake and smooth frosting is a beautiful song, complex yet simply made with layers of melody, harmony, and grace.Only one thing gets me to write this poetically. It's not love or romance. It is a baked good/sweet that is out of this world. And Kara's Cupcakes...you are just that in my book.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2011,12/5/2011,327,261,18,26,21>You know, when you're doing laundry and you check the pockets of your jeans to make sure they're empty ...and on lucky days you come across that random, crumpled up $20 bill that you've forgotten about?  YES!  Well, here is a effin' fantastic way to spend it.  Go to Shalimar and get:$  6.95 Chicken Tikka Masala (spicy chicken curry)$  4.00 Seekh Kabab Mughlai (Ground Beef Kabob X 2, $2 each)$  2.00 Onion Kulcha (Onion Naan)$  2.00 Shalimar Chawal (basmati rice)--------------------------------------------------­---$14.95 subtotal$  4.00 add two mango lassi's, if you're feeling kinda crazy_______________________________$18.95 TOTAL + tax/tipGood for two people!If you check the other pockets, or maybe look in the bottom of your purse for that extra change - you're good to round it out for the tip and tax and you can save yourself a trip to the ATM (esp they take cash only)!  And trust me, you'll want to make sure you've looked through enough jean pockets for a good tip, because service is fast and the food is yummy!
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2011,12/4/2011,184,198,9,13,11>Green, green, my love is green.I've been hoping for a moment to give Phil's my love.  Popped in on my non-existent lunch hour to grab & go, not expecting much, but my theory of restaurants says that you should do a very few things and do them well.  Phil's does exactly that.  Their little burger gems are quite obviously made from the best possible grass-fed organic beef.  I'm not a big burger fan, but how do they get these so flavorful?Fantastic house made lemonade & soda, milkshakes like 1958, except organic, thick & bursting with creamy, cold goodness.  Light delicious slaw.  2 sliders, side o'slaw, and a lemonade makes for a perfect lunch.  And they take green  as far as possible, right down to their potato (or is it corn) starch "plastic" containers & utensils.  Downtown Berkeley is tough, but I hope they stay!
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,12/3/2011,311,112,10,13,11>The OMCA is an intelligent, masterful museum waiting to be explored. It is creative, thoughtful, interactive and most importantly -- fun. You will find yourself lost in time as you travel from one exhibit to another. In fact, you may find yourself turning back into that 8-year old kid as you discover something worth uncovering behind those green-hand stickers. As you turn each corner, it soon becomes an adventure to learn what is written on the walls and the artifacts at your side. Truly a wonderful way to spend your day.My favorite piece of Art: the 3D artwork and the Dorothea Lange collection.My favorite History exhibit: The Tribune and the Native American collections.My favorite Pixar moment: traveling through the Artscape.I should mention for the parents that there is enough for your child(ren) to do here. However, keep in mind that reading comprehension and active imagination goes much further than just hands on experience in this museum's case. If you have a young one, let's say pre-K, kinder or a 1st grader, your enjoyment may be hindered because they'll move on so quickly that the best you'll be able to do is glance through many of the non-interactive exhibits. My suggestion -- become a member and only take the kid(s) when they have a day off; otherwise, enjoy on your own or with your a guest of your choice.Best advice: Take BART if possible. It is a short block from Oak and Ninth St. to the museum's entrance.Lastly, I'm saving the As Good As It Gets star for after the Natural History renovation -- I know you'll be worth the five stars then.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,12/2/2011,338,1028,6,11,12>When I saw my yelp friend, Erin S's review, I immediately bookmarked this brewery for a future visit.  I couldn't believe I didn't know that there was a brewery right in my own neighborhood.  It wasn't long before my honey and I stopped by on a Saturday - in between lunch and running errands. How to get there: park in the lot where you see Beer, Beer and More Beer (yelp.com/biz/beer-beer-a…), walk towards More Beer and make a left through the gate towards the back.  Ale Industries is in the back left corner. Please note that the space is chilly so even with the extremely warm and friendly service you may want to bring an extra layer if it is cold outside. Upon entering, we were greeted by Steve and escorted to the small bar area where Morgan started the samples flowing.  These guys not only brew up some delicious local beer but they obviously care about their business and customers, taking the time to engage in conversation both about beer and beyond.  Ale Industries is probably most well known for their Orange Kush, found in some local stores, but that is actually my least favorite.  We also tried Funky Le Roy, Uncle Jesse's (not named after Full House...I asked) and Fysus.  There was a fifth one but the name escapes me.  I really liked Uncle Jesse's and we ended up buying a growler to take home.  Their growler prices are very reasonable.  $10 for the growler.  $10 for fills.  They also offer a three for two deal.  That's three growlers filled for only $20!  You can also bring in growlers from other breweries to have filled as long as you let them slap on one of their stickers.  As we were leaving I told them that we'd be back and we will be!  Oh, and be sure to check out their check-in deal.  I like when businesses embrace yelp.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2011,12/1/2011,610,620,15,10,12>When you start typing notes into your phone like: "La Bamba was playing on the television. Les Bomba burger for sure!" ...It's probably time to lay off the sauce.Am I entirely to blame? Not really. Was hitting a tiki bar in Oakland, after leaving a bar in San Francisco, past midnight my idea? Not really. Was I famished after all of that dancing? Very.We pulled into  lb Burger near 3 a.m. Thank goodness for 24 hour diners.  The scene when we first walked in reminded me of walking into my house, after leaving the teenagers alone for a couple of hours.  Plates adorned with bits of food and crumpled napkins, empty cups, a trail of something that no one bothered to clean up. I wouldn't have been surprised to find a pile of shoes by the door.We settled on a table near a wall and wiped it down. There was one waitress, one cook and a dining area packed with subjects of interest. We decided to meet half way between dinner and breakfast. We ordered eggs, potatoes, toast and a hamburger with fries. Although obviously slammed, the waitress was clearly versed in late night service.The food was amazing.  It was one of the best burgers I have ever had. At 3:00 a.m., are you kidding me? Fresh beef cooked perfectly, accompanied by the perfect blend of toppings.My favorite moment of the night was when a couple walked in and sat down at the table beside us. The woman sat and then did a near face plant onto the table.  Through sheer willpower, she managed to lift her head up enough to look at me. With one look, I read: "Are you in as bad of shape as I am right now?" I did my best to shoot back a sympathetic, "No, but I have been there."It was a fun experience and a perfect ending to a great night.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2011,11/30/2011,193,290,36,14,13>I want to set the record straight.  My family decided to go here one night, and I came along, with a 3 star expectation.Well, I'm a moron. I WAS WRONG,OK?!I tried the Exchange Student or the Foreigner or something like that and it was so good.  I made sure to get the greens added to the mix, which indeed made a big difference in my enjoyment of the dish.  But the pepper and pecorino were apparently just what I needed.Some other diners at the table had the sharp cheddar which was fantastic, and my brother had a meaty mexican mac n'cheese which I didn't eat but sounded brilliant.The salad was excellent.The service was even more excellent.Conclusion: EXCELLENT....EXCEPT:for the hipster jerkshungrily waiting to eat herewho wouldn't get up from the curbwhen I was trying to park my carbecause they hate me for drivingand they have big calf muscles from bikingand they're all attitudeand they're probably not even from Oakland so go back to Missouri or whatever. Posers.Thanks.  OwaitI don't need to be polite to youbecause you roll your eyes in the direction of politeness.the end.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2011,11/29/2011,231,454,29,27,27>If Piedmont Avenue were a sandy beach on an uncharted island in a lost sea and if I were a pirate, then Bay Wolf would be the treasure I'd hide.As luck would have it, I actually am a pirate.  But, shiver me timbers, Bay Wolf has already been hid.  Poorly.  And there are maps everywhere.  But still, compared to the rest of the Avenue or the other hot spots in town, Bay Wolf still requires a bit of imagination to get to.  You have to want to go.  You won't just stumble past.  Unless you frequent Egbert's.  In which case, dinner's on me.I was reminded of Bay Wolf at the Collective Plate gala for City Slicker Farms.  A dozen chefs from a dozen restaurants turned out at the Brower center with tables and linens and plated their best for a worthy cause.  Louie was there.  From New Jersey.  More recently from Bay Wolf.  He's hot side.  He's cool.Paradox?So I went to see him the next night.  It had been years since I had last been in the space, and even though I was looking through vodka-colored lenses, the place looked as if it hadn't changed a bit.  And that's good.  Because it's cozy.On the front porch (where I'd recommend you sit), my dear friend for my ongoing birthday and I shared some sardines grilled and offered beautifully on Acme toast points.  Then a little of the duck liver flan (omfg), then a plate of Louie's pork shoulder with polenta pudding.  And a growler of ale, a flagon, matey, as big as my head.That bird on your shoulder, does it need a nice night out?  Then print this map and make your way over to see Louie.  Tell him I sent you.  Treasure will ensue.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,11/28/2011,1205,283,19,24,22>La Familia makes the best cooked when ordered Fish Tacos I have ever tasted in the US.  They took me back to me chillen on the playas in Mexico.  Seriously these Fish Tacos are no Rubio's commercialized crap, they are not a joke they are what a Fish Taco should be known as.  2 Fish Tacos is plenty trust because they do not skimp on the fresh piping hot battered fish.  All the goodness is served on 2 white corn tortillas so you can actually make 4 tacos if you wish.  Plenty of fresh cabbage, tomato, crema, slices of lime, and drizzle 1 of there 2 great homemade salsas all over!  Tacos are $2.99 and it definitely doesn't dent your wallet when you love what you eat.  Prepare to wait a little like I said these tacos are made when ordered.  Texture and flavors all come together making you swear your in San Felipe at some Fish Taco stand on the playa.  Don't forget to order yourself an agua fresca since they make some damn good Horchata.  For all my drunk lovers enjoy every crunch of that taco with a well chilled Negra Modelo and you'll be good to go!
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2011,11/27/2011,1261,122,11,13,14>I really don't know what to say about Sumo Grub. Part of me want to say "this joint is so bad for your health" and a part of me want to say "WOW this place rocks". If you think about a pizza, pour some cheese whiz, then sprinkle some jelly beans on top, then fry it with tempura (no they do not have this on their menu, I don't think), then you pretty much captured the concept of Sumo Grub. Their motto is they "will tempura anything." To be fair they do have good, no . . . very good, regular food. The Angus Burger is very good and very tasty, and their Onion Rings are up there with the best. But what Sumo Grub has done to capture Berkeley and even East Bay foodies are their exotic Tempura/Deep Fried Desserts. They have deep fried Ice Cream, deep fried Oreos, deep fried Twinkies, just to name a few, but the most talked about is the Sumo Heart Attack - a very large portion of deep fried Oreos, Twinkies, & Ice Cream all together. Yeah! Really! Can you say "FORBIDDEN FOOD"!!! I'm not going to say I've never had it, and I'm not going to say I have. Sumo Grub's clientele really composed of high-school and college kids, which really should be because older folks like me really shouldn't be eating this kind of food. If you don't like big crowds then don't come here during lunch time on the weekdays because it seem like the entire high-school across the street migrates over and fills up this little shop. Overall I'll give it a 3 1/2 stars but I can lean over to four stars and I'll just leave it as that. So if you're a healthy young buck, go for it.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,11/26/2011,209,814,8,8,7>Did somebody say chicken and waffles?  Lois the Pie Queen delivers and then some.  Might I suggest getting them with a pie for dessert and you won't be let down, her pies do live up to the mighty rep that these fellow yelpers have talked about.Oh and the service?  Probably the nicest service we've received in a good while, nothing like heading to the other side of the tunnel for some soul food grubbing and some fresh air.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2011,11/25/2011,300,251,7,10,10>I've been to Boilerhouse a handful of times now, and every time, my hands (and mouth) have been full of great food. The view is beguiling, the history of the building is intriguing, and the hum of the conversations of other diners coupled with the tinkling of silverware, glassware and other restaurant noise dampen the sound of my child, who is at times loud and joyful.Last time I went there I had a pizza that was absolute heaven on baked dough. It had mushrooms, goat cheese, and whole cloves of gooey roasted garlic. I have also had the burger there, which is made with a little too much beef for my taste, but it's Niman Ranch beef, which tastes delectable, especially since there was blue cheese all over it. Their sweet potato fries are delicious too, and are Baby H.'s favorite. They also have great specialty drinks. I am partial to the Rosie the Riveter Margarita, which blushes with a touch of cranberry juice.This is a great place to go with some friends, get a beer and some great food, and have a nice conversation.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,11/24/2011,1466,372,8,13,13>Very pleased with Too Good Gourmet's holiday selection.  They have something to meet every budget, and even then I found most of their selections to be quite inexpensive.  They had several specials when buying multiple items as well.My fiancé and I wandered for awhile and we ended up buying 6 large boxes of Red Velvet Cookies ($10 each or 2 for $16), Cookie Mix, and 1 small box of Shortbread Cookies.  Our total was under $55 and they accept credit cards.  One of the employees advised me to go to the back for samples but we were in a rush so unfortunately I didn't get to taste any goodies while we were shopping.  However, my girlfriend went the following day and indulged in their samples.  She also purchased several boxes of Red Velvet Cookies.  They come in a Small and Large size. Too Good Gourmet is a must-have for the holidays and they also have a collection for other occasions. (ie. Easter, Valentine's Day, etc.)Per Marsha's post, my cookies had expiration dates on the bottom of the box.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,11/23/2011,352,1432,9,8,7>Driving down San Pablo - I saw a tent sign boasting of 100+ different whiskeys - I was intrigued.  15 minutes later while flipping through a copy of East Bay magazine, I see an ad for Acme.  I check yelp, I text to my sister - she responds with "right now? ".  It was 1:00 in the afternoon ... the right time for whiskey, but alas we had other plans.  Flash forward to 9:30 that Sunday night and while I expected a near empty bar - the place was packed!  A chalkboard wall of so many whiskey's you'll feel buzzed just reading them.  I ordered a flight of 3 - Baby Hudson, Yamazaki and Rare Eagle.  3 whiskey's to prove to me that I'm not a fan of whiskey ... although some I dislike less than others.  The other 3 connoisseurs appreciated it all much more so I'm certain we'll be back.  I like this place so much, I'll even drink whiskey just to come here again.  Luckily, they have other stuff too!  Staff is awesomely nice.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,11/22/2011,116,160,7,21,14>I'm a foster mom for Hopalong and have loved every second of working with them. Our first experience with fostering was last year, and seriously, everything that could have gone wrong did -- and was handled with such professionalism and love by the people of Hopalong!We agreed to foster three adorable little puppies that were rescued from a shelter in Concord. One of the puppies had a broken leg and would have surely met his death if it weren't for Hopalong.  We agreed to take care of his leg by meeting Andy from Hopalong at the vet to have it evaluated and treated.  He ended up having surgery, and because his aftercare was too much for us to handle, Christina from Hopalong took over his care.Meanwhile, one of the other puppies started to look VERY sick, VERY quickly. I called Hopalong and voiced my concern, and they immediately took action. I brought the puppy to them, and no sooner did I walk in the door than he started vomiting and having diarrhea all over their floor.  It turns out that he had parvo, and in order to keep him contained (and treat him), he was kept at Hopalong's office and literally treated 24/7 by the Hopalong staff.  Unfortunately, not two days later the third puppy also came down with the same symptoms. Lucky for him, he was a Hopalong pup and was given the same treatment as his brother.  They eventually both made a full recovery.  Meanwhile, the little pup with the broken arm came back to me until he could be placed in a foster home.  He was healthy, happy and rambunctious. We were able to meet the family who adopted him and loved seeing him interact with their little boy.  We were also able to see a photo of one of the puppies after he was adopted - he looked SO loved.  A few months later, we attended the Bark-B-Que hosted by Hopalong and were able to see the third puppy, all grown up and with his new family.  It was wonderful!  So rewarding.I really think what Hopalong does is commendable. These animals are super high risk because they're taken from overpopulated kill shelters.  Volunteering with them has been extremely rewarding!
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,11/21/2011,105,247,8,12,10>I did a lot of "comparison shopping" when choosing a gym, and when it came down to it, there was no other option that would work as well for me as Club One.  Here's why:-- It's in the East Bay in a place that's easy to get to (Downtown Oakland), but also gives you access to gyms that are freaking all over every convenient part of San Francisco to me.  If you live in the East Bay and work in the Financial District like I do, you can't beat the convenience of having your gym 1) in Downtown Oakland, 2) at Montgomery BART, 3) at Embarcadero Bart, and 4) also on Nob Hill.  I'm surrounded!!!-- It's actually not gross!  It's pretty nice!  Day use lockers, clean locker rooms, and nice amenities like having mouthwash and hair spray (no gel though?  Who uses hair spray?) for free.-- The facilities are extensive at this location.  Pool, tons of workout classes, and a *big* selection of machines.  So many different, redundant machines that I almost never have to wait for one I want to use.  It's GREAT.It costs a good deal more than 24 Hour Fitness, but it's worth it.  The 24 Hour in downtown Oakland is creepy, and the one in downtown Berkeley you're basically doing weights on the sidewalk.  In the East Bay, there's not too many options, and Club One is a good one.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,11/20/2011,833,1145,6,9,11>Gluten-free? Dairy-free? Vegan? This is the place.Those intolerant to gluten or dairy can rejoice because Mariposa has you covered. While foodies now have plenty of specialty bakeries to choose from for artisan cupcakes, breads, and other baked goods, not many of them are sensitive to those with gluten-fee or dairy-free needs. Mariposa offers these high-end baked goods at slightly above gourmet prices. I've had their baked items now and again at various locations and event functions that serve them, but I finally visited the bakery and cafe in person. I was pleasantly surprised that it was not just a stop and go place, considering its location. In fact, there were a handful of comfy tables to sit at. I grabbed a morning muffin and a cup of coffee, and settled down with some reading. They serve Uncommon Grounds coffee with all the fixings. Items you can purchase here include actual entrees to eat in, freshly baked goods, and espresso drinks. Grocery items to buy to go include bags of buns, breads, muffins, cookies, etc. as well as frozen pizza crusts, frozen pizzas with toppings, and pastas.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2011,11/19/2011,126,245,6,8,9>Do you know how, if you're like a lot of women, your heart speeds up a little when you spy that familiar teal of a Tiffany's box or bag with its distinctive black lettering? Well, I've found my new version of that experience. The tiny packaging that will make my pulse race is now is a tasteful beige with four olive looking circles that form a stylized flower next to the name: (in lower case) Philippa Roberts. I came in for a soiree, but stayed to shop! This store rocks! If I had more than a few pennies to rub together, I would have bought much more. As it was the friendly staff pretty much had to kick me out at closing. At one point, I literally said, "Do I have to go? Can I please stay?" Podge, Jen, Stacey, Adam, and (of course) Philippa are amazing kind and down-to-earth people. They were humorous and charming. I won't bore you by going into every exchange, but suffice it to say that I enjoyed some nice conversation with each person. The store has a wonderful range of jewelry, household decorative items and appropriate gifts. I bought a wonderful delicate necklace (which, alas, was not one of Philippa's) to which I added some letter pendents. I look forward to returning and buying one of Philippa's pieces. (Better yet, somebody should buy me some!) What was nice is that the staff all seem to know where the other bits come from. So anything you buy here supports a cool artist.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,11/18/2011,244,157,13,9,6>Put this within a few blocks of Mission Dolores park and you'll have a constant line of foodies, hipsters and other ne'er do wells wrapped around the block. Put it by the Fruitvale BART station and you have just one more of Oakland's well-kept secrets.The unique flavors here (corn, cheese, avocado, etc.) made me break my longstanding ban on ice cream samples* to make sure I wasn't about to order a big scoop of regret. After sampling the, uh, let's say interesting cheese ice cream I retreated to the more familiar arms of spearmint. It was a subtle flavor, not over the top like your normal mint ice creams, and a perfect choice for the 85 degree weather. I'll be back for sure to try some of the other flavors like the Blue Bottle coffee.*Footnote that has nothing to do with Nieves Cinco de Mayo: People who ask for samples at an ice cream shop are pretty much the worst. You are spending $1.50. You don't need to take it out for a test drive. If you can't guess what that scoop of chocolate ice cream is going to taste like, you don't deserve to have ice cream at all.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,11/17/2011,71,181,1,15,5>Union City finally has something AWESOME!!Until very recently, food carts were soley a San Francisco, Oakland and San Jose treat. This event is modeled after Off the Grid in SF which currently has more than 40 trucks on a Friday night.  I would travel far to events like this and prayed to the food gods that something cool would come to Union City. It was highly unlikely since all we really have here is chain restaurants and a majority of peeps in the UC are conditioned towards that generic food because many don't venture out and try new stuff. But my prayers were answered!!Union City Street Eats is every Thursday from 4:30pm-9pm. I visited during their 2nd week. They only had about 8 food trucks but there was a DJ, tables, and lots of people having fun! I can imagine there will be more food trucks in the near future to add to the mix as this event seems like it will just be growing from here. My only complaints are 1) I wish it was every day. :) 2) Trash removal should be better arranged. Garbage cans were overflowing at 7pm and that made my heart sad- keep the Une clean! 3) More selection- a majority of them were asian food trucks, which I LOVE, but wish there were others as well. There are currently 2 korean taco trucks and 2 filipino fusion trucks which I think is a bit overkill.Union City NEEDS something like this- come out and support and keep it going!!!  It is a lot of fun and I will definitely be back again. :)
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,11/16/2011,226,648,1,14,9>I was really worried when I found out Joshu-Ya was under new management. I've been going there for over 7 years and have always loved it. (So much that my husband and I had our rehearsal dinner at Joshu-Ya) And my experience with new management always changes the quality of food. Thank goodness that isn't what happened with Joshu-Ya. The owner's son took over and the sushi chef is still the same. Went here on Sunday and had a feast, the sushi is still amazing and the cooked food is even better than it was. The restaurant is stunning, clean and modern with hardwood floors giving the customer the real feeling of a sushi restaurant. We started with Wakame and Edamame (the usual) which I alwlays enjoy. Its the standard, flavorful Wakame and Edamame to start off the meal. The sashimi was as fresh as it always has been. We ordered the sashimi platter which came with ahi, sake, hamachi, scallops. We moved onto the Omakase (chef's choice) platter. In the Omakase, there was a salad with fresh asparagus, followed by the Jalapeno Hamachi Carpaccio with ponzu which I already thought was amazing, fresh sashimi topped with a jalapeno slice, but then came the Seared Albacare Tataki which is spicy seared albacore, fried onions, scallions, ginger dressing and its absolutely delicious. If you think we'd be full after that, you're dreaming, we went on to order the Lucky Danny and Super Crunch rolls, both which are delicious, followed with mixed tempura satisfied my craving for fried things. Or so I thought.. we then had the Ton Katsu, which I highly recommend. Their cooked dishes have definitely stepped up and have a more modern, complimentary flavor to them. The Nabe Udon was just sort of a side dish for those who wanted soup, it was good udon, but I was still mesmerized with everything else.Then came dessert (with the Omakase) they brought out tempura ice cream, 2 with green tea and 1 with red bean. I definitely liked the green tea better, but I can't say I didn't enjoy the red bean tempura ice cream.And finally, after all that, Jason, the new manager and executive chef came out to greet us. He was very nice and welcoming and brought back that hospitable feel we've always loved. He had us try two new desserts: a scoop of rose ice cream on lemon gastrique - quite possibly the best ice cream I've ever eaten. We also had their cheesecake on the lemon gastrique which was also really good. I'll definitely remain loyal to Joshu-Ya Brasserie as the quality of food and innovativeness has gotten even better - I didn't think that was possible for a restaurant I already thought was one of the best out there. Bring your appetite. It's worth it.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,11/15/2011,827,179,6,12,12>I was craving for Thai food, and searched up a few Thai restaurants around the area. We just picked impulsively and ended up at Tuk Tuk Thai. The place looks bright and clean, with an open kitchen and a Tuk Tuk placed right by the entrance. The menu had a wide variety of dishes, we went with the Duck Curry and the Duck Noodle Soup and a Thai Iced tea. The food was delicious and flavorful albeit the curry being a little watery. The flavors are strong, but they give you a good amount of vegetables to balance it out. The service was excellent too, the staff was friendly and dishes served relatively fast. The bill was $25 with tips.Overall, I enjoyed the food and the fact that I didn't have to eat cramped up in a tiny space. It's a little bit more expensive than other Thai places around the area, but you get what you pay for. At least for me, Tuk Tuk Thai delivered.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,11/14/2011,576,2303,5,6,4>I scarce can recall Eccolo now that Zut! has come and is, hopefully, here to stay!Saturday late morning brunch... wonderful place, so charming and gorgeous, lovely server and host, beautiful bar!!!! nice patio... 3.5 stars for the food...not fabulous (potatoes could have been more golden, French toast could also have been more textually interesting on the exterior), but definitely above the good notch!Fresh OJ and fresh grapefruit to start off the day... yum. The glasses were not too small, which is always my fear. She ordered the spinach benedict (it comes not on toasted Engish muffins, but on a baguette-thing, making it feel like a large crostini!). I got the berry compote brioche french toast. Great stuff.Both incredibly satisfying and service wonderful. Was there a wait for food? Didn't even feel like there was one!Brunch ran about $30 and properly fueled us for some 4th Street power shopping, and then launched us off to the Kite Festival and Treasure Island.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,11/13/2011,298,445,13,15,17>A big thank you to Young's Wigs for saving me two halloweens in a row- Jessica Rabbit and Jem were rockin' it!Young's is definitely on the Carolina Approved Glam Squad.This place has limited styles/colors but has the ability to order most anything within a week. The prices are very reasonable and vary by quality.The gals that work at Young's are super patient and helpful. They help you try on wigs and know all the regulars by first name. They are also very honest- all things equal they recommend the more reasonably priced wig over the expensive one.They have a large selection of brightly colored Bobs and Fros that are way better quality than what you can get at the Halloween store, at the same price or cheaper.They also have a neat collection of derby/church hats.
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2011,11/12/2011,389,252,12,19,14>Walking into this place I was pretty excited. It seemed to have lost the cheesiness of it's former occupier that had giant signs of "delicious falafel" and "cheeseburger" pasted on the exterior windows. Ew.Upon entering, I saw a fridge full of mexican cokes and jarritos with "Ole Ole" emblazoned across the top. Clearly a good sign.It looks like a legit taqueria has finally come to the downtown Oakland area (sorry Happy Burrito 1 AND 2). I went for tres tacos of the al pastor and carnitas persuasion. They are quite generous with the meat and both types I had were very tasty. If you want you can pull the double tortilla apart and make two tacos out of it and now you have 2-for-1 tacos! They also have a pretty extensive salsa bar with all the "fixins" (Try some of the habanero salsa with your free chips).The price is right too, it's in downtown Oakland but it lacks the city center lunch crowd prices. You will be more than full for about $5-$6 To be honest the food upset my stomach a bit, but it was so darn good I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,11/11/2011,222,376,20,36,25>Who ever said.... you can never go home....Hasn't been to Chick's Donut's in the past 40 years...It looks the same as it did when I was a child, the fresh donuts in the window, a homemade sign with specials on it.  I think the only thing that has changed is the size of the donut holes....I don't remember them being the size of golf balls.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2011,11/10/2011,289,458,12,18,14>And here, my friends, is another example of a great local Oakland venue the pops up and delivers some booty shaking times! It's places like this that make me think of crossing the bridge to good ol San Francisco a thing of the past, a distant memory. Why the hell go to the city when you can kick it Town status?Beside, not only is it a great local Oakland venue that serves up a a mean drink; never skimping as the bartenders pour em nice a heavy. Oh and did I mention at a fair rate? One that will not break your pocket into half and have you eating noodle bowls until your next paycheck. You get a nice local art scene as the decor produces walls covered in great Art and a nice lounge session with couches lining one "room" (the lounge); Great for anyone wanting to sit down and chop it up over that nice heavy drink that is in your hand. You also have a dance floor where you'll find DJ's (like myself) cutting it up and Bboys/Girls getting down. Sure you'll run into the random person who still thinks the Roger Rabbit is battle worthy, but really does it matter? No. And why? Well you're in the enclosed dance floor rocking out to heavy basslines, so thick the hair on your arm raises up. You've got a DJ who is playing something other than the whack shit you heard on KMEL on the way to the club. You have dancing poles randomly tucked away as a handful of females take their turns on trying to get it down. One or two succeed with great results while the others make it a fun memory in the process.Really you can have some of the best nights in a place like this. All in all, its this kind of place that helps put Oakland nightlife on the map.And for that I support you!
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,11/9/2011,275,321,6,10,11>Oh wow - if you're looking for a something different, Havana is for you! They have an absolutely fantastic line-up of small plates that will knock your socks off!Hubby & I  had a sampling (BTW, 7 is too many... we were total piggys)Halibut Ceviche - lick the bowl freshPan Seared Day Boat Scallops - hubby's FaveFresh Pea Tamales - very interestingChimichurri Skirt Steak - a bit chewy for meAhi & Plaintain chips - fresh & deliciousSpiced Pork Skewers - tasty, but not my favoriteSomething else I can't remember....We came in on a Friday night & Veronica could not have been sweeter. There is a full bar & they make a tasty cosmo - be warned it's very pink because of their ingredients, but tastes great. They also have a menu of full sized orders, but we like to sample everything.Tables are close, service is excellent & you'll leave feeling stuffed & happy. All around a "do again".
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,11/8/2011,423,725,9,12,12>I was about to say 3 stars, but then I remembered the music, the records on the wall, and other retro paraphernalia all over the walls, and I realized this is a wonderful place.  If you have a rockabilly bone in your body (or want one ;) ) then this is the place for you.  You might hear country or Johnny Cash, and you might even have a guy tell you that you should turn around and come back because he just put Neil Diamond on the jukebox.  That dude must have been a TELEPATH because I wasn't wearing my Neil Diamond tee at the time. (yes, I own one and unfortunately only one)  We were on a Yelp Drinks Week mission, though, so I'm going to have to leave that particular joy to another night.One day, I'm going to come back in the old Mustang, get a spot right out front, and go in and put Neil on the jukebox, and that, my friends, will be a 5-star day.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,11/7/2011,301,844,10,12,11>Always quick, friendly, and talented! Dream World is my go-to place when I want to bring something special to somebody special, need a gift for friends hosting dinner, or just want to brighten my apartment. (Also useful on the rare occasions I manage to piss off my roommate; fresh flowers help put her in a forgiving mood.)They have a wide range of flowers, containers, and ribbons for putting your idea into practice. Personally, I've always just told them the rough price I want and the general tone I'm looking for - I've gotten a spot-on excellent arrangement every time!
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,11/6/2011,424,1322,18,24,22>My husband and I had dinner here Saturday for "date night". It didn't hurt that we had $100 worth of gift cards given to "us" by my folks for Hanukkah a couple of years ago.We were a few minutes late for our 6pm reservation, but it wasn't a problem as the dining area was virtually empty when we arrived. The space itself is beautiful  We were glad we had the gift cards as this restaurant is pretty darned pricey.I started with a cocktail (can't remember the name) that was delicious albeit quite small and quite filled with ice for the $12 price tag. Luckily, I am a cheap drunk so I was good with 1 cocktail. We each started with a soup. Mine was the cauliflower which was good although someone had a heavy hand with the chili oil garnish. Kevin had the small Udon soup with a perfectly poached egg on top. We also shared an appetizer called "Futago" that has been explained before and we both agreed we loved the sauce and would have it again. Kevin ordered some Nigiri for his mains (2 pieces each of baby octopus, tuna and scallop). He had never had raw scallop before and loved it, though he did admit he had better tuna elsewhere. He also ordered a "dragon roll" as it is pretty much the only sushi I will eat (has to be cooked) and it was made to perfection and perfectly shaped for a mouthful instead of the giant rolls they make at various Sushi places on this side of the tunnel. For my main, I had the black cod and it was fabulous though expensive considering it was just the fish with a delicious buttery sauce. Rice cost $2.00 extra on top of a $29 dish. We had a very sweet server who was very happy we liked our food as much as we did. No room for dessert and though we enjoyed our meal, don't know if we would head back out unless we were armed with gift cards again.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2011,11/5/2011,2712,383,15,23,22>My son couldn't stop raving about Baldo's Mexican Restaurant. He even woke up in the middle of the night from a dream about their food. Apparently, he's a regular and loves their Carne Asada Fries. So to validate his praise I checked out the Yelpers reviews and it looked pretty interesting. I had to try it!He volunteered to pick up a few dishes to go. We got two orders of the Carne Asada Fries and an order of Al Pastor Tacos which was not on their menu (I saw a posted picture of this dish and the tip) thanks to Yelper Samantha H. I also found out that you can order an Al Pastor Burrito as well. I guess I'm always attracted to things that are off the beaten path go figure... The Carne Asada Fries were the bomb delicious and the portions were hefty along with the yummy Al Pastor Tacos. Both dishes were tasty good and super filling! Baldo's I'm a fan...
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2011,11/4/2011,1429,411,27,20,20>Everyone has their dirty little vices- sex, drugs, alcohol, Fox news... My vice is sugar. I'm addicted to cookies like a unicorn is addicted to rainbows. I have a sweet tooth, and I'm not afraid to admit it. That's why when i learned there was a "place kinda like Diddy Riese" in Berkeley, I made a B line right for it. CREAM, so cleverly named to represent 'cookies rule everything around me', are dead right. Cookies literally being lifted right from the oven, immediately forced to hug a giant ball of ice cream goodness, and quickly finding it's home in my slobbering mouth.  Pick any two cookies you like, and any flavor ice cream you wish- put em' together and you've got a sugary jackpot. CREAM quickly upped their prices from $1.50 a sandwich to $2, but I ain't mad at em'. Come on man, it's CREAM, they know bout' them 'dolla dolla bills ya'll!' I'm glad this place is around- to fulfill my slobbish cookie behavior. Cash only, (again, "CREAM- get the money!") and enjoy.(Yes, Wu-Tang references were harmed during the making of this Yelp review- sorry about that.)
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,11/3/2011,561,82,17,20,19>I like to think that I can handle a decent amount of spice in my food. I'm the one at the table who douses meals with Sriracha and any other hot sauce I can find. Dressing my meal with red sauciness before I dig in. On my first visit, I was asked how spicy I'd like my dish. I looked at my server confidently and said, "Bring it". He asked if I had been there before because they don't mess around with spice. He assured me that Sabuy Sabuy spicy is the real deal. He chose medium for me. Medium at other restaurants is too weak, but boy, oh boy, this man was right. Medium was perfect. You are warned. I'm one that never gets thai-erd (excuse my lameness) from this type of food, therefore, I've come here countless times for dates, casual evenings with friends, and simple solo evening between hours of reading and writing. One time I brought my pregnant girlfriend who nearly ordered everything on the menu. The staff was flourished by her grand range of choices. This resto always satisfies my need for spice, great service, affordable dishes, and consistently delicious food. Dishes I've ordered and enjoyed on every visit:Tom Kai Gai- Lemongrass broth and coconut milk. A perfect compliment to other dishes on a chilly Berkeley evening ($7.95).Pad Se Eew- This is wide rice noodle dish with broccoli, egg, and beef is an essential dish at a Thai restaurant ($7.95).Pad Thai- Always a safe bet and never too egg-y. Bits of peanuts top this dish. Yes, it this is a little pricier than other Thai restaurants, but the portion is pretty large ($11.95).Kaeng Dang- Red curry with coconut milk. I usually get it with tofu, but on my carnivorous days, I opt for chicken. Both simmered perfectly in this dish. A side of rice is necessary in my eyes ($7.95).Garlic Pepper Prawns- Sauteed prawns, broccoli, carrots, garlic, and white pepper sauce. Generously served. ($9.95).There has been a few times when I've had the pleasure of trying the ice cream trio. Usually, there are two traditional, refreshing fruity flavors, and one exotic fruity flavor. Always fun to try. I adore this place so much that I dined in for Christmas. The only difference was instead of ordering a traditional Thai iced tea, we opted for a bottle of white wine. Reasonably priced and a perfect compliment to the splendid but spicy-will-burn-your-mouth-if you're-not-cautious dishes. After being here countless times, I think it's safe to say that my spice level palette has upped the ante. I'll go up one notch next time and take by storm. Dare I say hot?
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,11/1/2011,700,420,12,14,10>Wedding dresses galore! They recently had a Maggie Sottero trunk collection, maggiesottero.com so they had more dresses than what they normally have in stock. Sarah was very helpful and patient with us. The prices are pretty reasonable, too. I believe she said there's nothing over $2,000 in their store. I loved how they have all the different styles of dresses...from a mermaid style, lacey, satin, ruched, princess, sweetheart neckline,  ETC! I had no idea there were so many different styles! LOLThey also sell accessories for your hair, such as headbands, tiara, flowers, and among other things. Just FYI if you're shopping for a wedding dress, (this is for most of the bridal stores I've been to) I've noticed they mainly have ivory and champagne color dresses samples. It's hard to find a white dress that you can try on. OH, and the sizes are huge... they only have larger sizes, so it's hard to distinguish how the dress will look and fit if it's your true size.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,10/31/2011,132,142,13,12,12>Many years ago, when dinosaurs roamed the earth, I saw Set it Off when I was in college. We thought we were so cool rolling in a mob 40 people deep. Yeah, not really. Bunch of giggling college co-eds who freaked out when someone shined a red laser light at the screen and someone in the theater whispered that it was the laser sight on a gun. EEK! Long story short, we watch the last half of the movie scrunched down in our seats.Fast forward millions of years and now I am taking my own kids to the movies at the Grand Lake Theatre.  We love the granduer and history of the place. The architecture, the red velvet curtains and seats and ornate gilded everything make me smile.  I love the organist who plays on the weekends. I get the biggest kick out of the organist.  My kids just didn't get the fact that the organist provided the music for films before mommy was born. 'Well, that's just silly. They should get the guy who did the Star Wars music or Trent Reznor to do the soundtrack. This stuff is boring.' Sigh. Another sign that I have failed as a parent and they are not even teenagers yet.But back to the Theatre... Charging a buck for paying for movie tickets is pretty crappy. Cash only at the concession stand is a bummer but they do seem to have better tasting popcorn than the big megagoogleplex movie theaters and it's a few cents cheaper.  The staff are also very nice and keep the theatre amazingly clean. I even like looking at the marque in front and reading the editorial comments there. Whether I agree with them or not.  The neighborhood is pretty cool too. Its great to see a movie and then grab a bite at any of the nice little places that dot the neighborhood on either side.This place is a treasure. One which I hope is around for many years to come.Yet another reason to shop/dine and view Oakland.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2011,10/30/2011,217,1121,10,13,12>I surprised the hubby with boudoir photos for our 7th Wedding Anniversary.  Jamaica was my photographer and she did an amazing job.  The studio is entirely female so I felt very comfortable doing the photos.  The images were gorgeous and she really got my vision for something classic and artful. I would highly recommend this to any woman looking for a special gift.   They pose and edit so you look your very best.  No lumps and bumps or jiggly bits :)
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,10/29/2011,628,530,11,14,11>Squee! This is right by my new place! Walking distance even!  Authentic pho that made even my squeamish white friends smile with soupy-carby-joy.  I ordered the Bun Bo Hue.  Yummers!  So much food I didn't even come close to finishing it.  The broth was to die for and the meats were succulent and tender.  I thoroughly enjoyed my Bon Bo Hue (though I pushed the coagulated blood off to the side...just couldn't do it.)The ambiance leaves a little to be desired, hot and stuffy, people crammed everywhere.  But it was a nice day and sitting outside was great other than worrying about being in the splash zone of a puddle in the parking lot.  As far as service goes, I was impressed that for such an authentic place that English skills were excellent and efficient.I'll be back!
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,10/28/2011,606,219,14,25,17>After being redirected by Yellow Cab because my fare wasn't going to be significant enough, I found Thunder Express Cab on my handy Yelp App. They had the most reviews and the highest ratings. Now I can see why.I called the dispatcher and asked him if I could get a ride from my apartment half a mile to Bart because I had a sprained knee.. "No problem" he says "are you ready now?" Five minutes later I was at Bart.Awesome.. Thank you Muthana..
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,10/27/2011,883,311,17,16,18>I literally grew up behind this bar. I could practically throw a baseball to it from my backyard. Actually, I think I have before... Anyways.This bar has come a long way. It went from a joke to a hipster hideaway, and the change has been welcome.The bartenders are always friendly, jokey men or super foine ladies slinging drinks.  There's a happy hour until 7, and free wifi.The owner also is a big fan of dogs, and there's always a bunch of friendly pups walking around and making friends with patrons.I am quickly drawn to places with PBR, especially on tap.Add that to the sultry, sexy burlesque clips on loop and the fact that there's a taco truck there on weekends?Yeah, I'm here way too much.
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,10/26/2011,259,248,19,14,11>Remember when Krispy Kreme first came out and you couldn't help but throw down a dozen freshly glazed mouthfuls of unadulterated donut? I recently discovered Starbread bakery and had the EXACT same experience. It was NOT pretty. I originally intended to bring a dozen home and share them with the family but by the time I got to my car there were eight left. By the time I made it home there were only four left. We have five people that live at my house so instead of leaving one person short of a Senorita bread (it sure as hell wasn't going to be ME!) I went ahead and scarfed the rest on my way.I'm not saying I'm proud of it, I'm not saying I would never do it again, all I'm saying is WATCH OUT because those buttery glazed rolls of sin were NEVER meant to travel for long distances.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2010,10/25/2011,378,165,43,51,44>Imagine this, your doorbell rings, you open the door, and someone hands you a small box of bite size cupcakes. All you had to do was choose the flavor, and press the paypal  button. This small business, (with their delicate and moist little treats), is sprinkling sunshine all over the bay area. The seasonal flavors are amazing, but my all time favorite is Sea Salt Caramel. I can pop one of those babies in my mouth, and go into ecstasy. They're perfect.  HINT:Eating them over the kitchen sink makes them calorie free.  You didn't know that?  GIFT IDEAS--BirthdaysSleepovers Hostess giftRewarding yourself for doing the laundry Etc.THE SMALL PRINT Please check availability calendar before ordering. One flavor per dozen for mini cupcake orders, one to two flavors per dozen for full size orders. Two dozen minimum for custom mini cupcakes orders. Special colors, designs and themes start at $5 per dozen. Custom orders must be placed at least 3-4 days in advance.  Larger orders ( 6 dozen or more), please place order 1 week in advance. They accept payment of cash, check & credit cards. Pick up is available by special arrangement. Delivery to the East Bay only. (Free delivery to Oakland & Berkeley.) Delivery to outside East Bay cities starts at $5 and is $0.40 cents per mile from Oakland (94612). Maximum distance for delivery is 15 miles. There is a 30 minute window for all deliveries.  If you need a guaranteed time, please place your order for an earlier delivery
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,10/24/2011,563,337,24,22,21>How is a restaurant the size of a closet and named after a sandal so darn busy?!....  Almost 500 reviews and a solid 4 star average on yelp helps.  But most importantly... the AMAZING and highly addictive sushi, spicy chicken, rolls, etc... as well as DIRT CHEAP prices makes this place not only unforgettable but highly desirable.Did I mention the spicy chicken combo?!  THE BEST SPICY CHICKEN entre EVER!  I don't know what they put in that sauce but it is DELICIOUS!  And for under $7, it comes with salad, soba noodles, rice, and miso soup.  Crazy, right?!My only warning is that this place is highly addictive!
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,10/23/2011,1211,478,11,14,15>Brand spankin' new dog park.I bring my dog here quite often for him to socialize and sniff some poodle's behinds.  Separated out into two sections, one side for small and one side for large.The small dog park has real grass, whereas the large dog park has astroturf, which at times can be a bit gross. And beer Fridays?  Awesome.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,10/22/2011,843,273,10,12,12>Great, rich gelato.  They're really good about letting you sample the flavors available for the day.  Paid 11 bucks for a hand packed pint and was able to get two flavors at no extra cost.  They even pack it so that you can have a little taste of each flavor all the way down (flavors side by side instead of one on top of the other).  This takes patience.Thank you, Sweet Orchid, for all your tasty frozen goodness and kind customer service.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,10/21/2011,643,560,5,8,9>I would agree with Taz A. about the service here. Once you're a familiar face you're in the club. As with any club, it sucks to not be in it.I love the decor and interesting art. One of the cafes I feel like I can get totally lost in my work and forget that I'm in a cafe. The huge square table makes me feel like I'm studying in my dining room. The food they have here is surprisingly good for a cafe. The cookies crack me up. Sexy cookies? I like the peanut butter. Do I feel any sexier after eating it? Not really, but I never feel sexy studying or typing away at a term paper. The drinks here are yummy as well as the sandwiches. Drinks are made individually so its a little wait. But its pretty worth it. Note: $3+ for credit card purchases. Dog friendly. Free wifi. Clean restrooms.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2011,10/20/2011,187,301,9,11,9>Holy hell! This place delivers?!?! Just returning from the airport, I come home to a bf who feeds me (yay!)...Japanese delivery at 9pm (ehhh). Of course, this being a Japanese delivery, I wasn't expecting a sushi-gasm. But dayyam, my baby did good!* Chicken karaage: they use a lighter batter and look like mini nuggets--one of my favs and I eat a lot of karaage.* Maki sushi: pretty damn good and some of them were huuuge! * Tonkatsu: okay, lighter fry, but was a little sweet for me.I still can't get over this delivery thing! This is now our go-to Japanese delivery spot, foreeeealzzzz, son!
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,10/19/2011,317,326,13,14,14>Finding a good salon is such a difficult process.  So difficult that for the nine years I lived in San Francisco, I never had 'the one' nailed down.  I'm not kidding when I say I probably tried out twenty different salons and/or stylists.  So when I moved to Concord, I was afraid it would take me forever to find a salon I loved.  Not so.  I found it on the second try!I found Salonamour here on yelp and decided to try it out based on the positive reviews.  I'm so happy that I did, because I'm in love with this place!  It's small, which is a definite plus, and the atmosphere is totally relaxing.  The second you walk in you're immediately calmer thanks to the scent of the Aveda products they use.I've been to Darlene twice, and both times she's done an exceptional job cutting my hair.  She's very easy to talk to, and she really listened to what I wanted.   She cut my layers better than anyone has in a long time.   I haven't had a haircut in over six months but you can't tell because her last cut has grown in beautifully.  I'm trying to grow my hair out long, but when I'm ready for a cut or trim, I'm definitely going back to Darlene.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,10/18/2011,723,405,19,21,20>It wasn't the reproduction lunch boxes or the lure of nostalgia candy that pulled me into this petite n' sweet shoppe, hand to Jeebus, it was the Bacon Board Game in the window. But I did end up on a mini romp through here, and did not leave empty handed. I can only imagine that all of the DDS in the area were more than delighted when Powell's opened up late last year. Yes, it's schticky, but isn't that the point? To surrender to the Sugar Avalanche; get that wide-eyed look, or to see your kidlet (large or small) grin and explore every nook and cranny of a Candy Cottage? I did buy just a few things: * Candy Corn * Gummy Army Men (sour green apple flavor) * Gummy pink pigs (strawberry? Wished it had been bacon flavor) * One Gummy Fried Egg (citrus yolk; marshmallow albumen) * Cadbury Crunchie (Euro-candy, mislabeled at $7.99, actually $1.29) I did see my beloved Astronaut Ice Cream, but it was $4.29 and I can get it at Old Navy for $4.00, so I skipped it. As a devoted fan of David Sedaris, Amy Sedaris and the Rooster and his "F*ck it Bucket" I immediately decided that the next occasion which calls for a celebration... or requires one not to leave the house or shower for several days because you're in the fetal position, I'm stopping off here, first. Treat Bags for parties are an obvious way to go as well. I wasn't so keen on the ice cream section, and skipped that entirely - I didn't see anything that piqued my interest and thought it was rather a waste of space and crowded up the checkout station. But the real delights? The Bacon Novelties, of course. It was by sheer willpower - a quality that I admittedly posses very little - that I did not multi-buy every single one of the Bacon Themed Goodies. Though Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (the original) plays on an endless loop, along with piped in music that could make your molars ache, it's not too much, and in fact, I found it rather amusing. As I left with my petite goodie bag, I was happy, and actually skipped up the street, whistling, as if I'd actually found a Golden Ticket...!
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2011,10/16/2011,330,444,12,16,15>I love this place.  I enjoy sitting at counters at very few places besides bars, and this restaurant is one of them.  Partly I like sitting at the counter because the chefs are hella chill, efficient, and cute, but wouldn't a sneeze guard be a nice touch?  Guests are SO close to the food prep area.Haven't had too many long waits here, always seem to slide in with a party of 2 at just the right time. I am annoyed by all the people who have been here once and act like they have something important to say about Southie.  They've only been once and base their impression on that.  I say they are wrong, and need to try more sandwiches!! but that goes against the spirit of Yelp. I guess they can have their {lame} opinions.  Hee Hee, maybe that's how Southies feel, as the name references South Bostons' nickname. I will say this is not a vegetarian spot. The lentil soup, the rich cholesterol laden salads, the hearty slabs of meat lovingly prepared for sandwiches, the best wine from a tap I have had so far (R.I.P. SR24, who also had a wine tap), and the ridiculous desserts combine to make this a gut filling lunch.  I just read that Jessica Alba eats 1200 calories a day.  Maybe she could eat a cup of soup here and call it a day, UGH!  Crazy!  Also appreciated are the espresso drinks, and details like the marble counter-top, purse hooks, extra coat rack in the back, and the spacious bathroom, though there is only one.  I like the tile they chose.  I even like watching 'the game' on TV.  It makes it feel less stuffy.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2011,10/15/2011,108,1734,27,38,40>Alan and I seem to be turning into trend followers, if not setters.  Here we were, having lunch here today, its third day of operation.  I had read someone's comment in the El Cerrito Patch that their fish & chips had displaced Kensington Circus Pub's as the best, so of course we wanted to check them out.We arrived maybe 11:45 and there were a couple of tables full as well as a few seats at the bar.  We were seated at a table for two in the back.  The only trace left of the Eclectix Gallery is a picture hanging rail high up on the south wall.  It was hung w/ an interesting combination of original paintings and photographs.  The walls are painted a soft blue/grey/green.  Small pendant lights w/ lovely greenish glass shades illuminate each table.  The bar is to the left as you walk in.  Above the front windows are a couple of television sets tuned to different college football games.We were brought menus, glasses and a wine bottle filled w/ water.  The beer menu is printed on a wall-mounted chalkboard high on a back wall by our table.   There's an assortment of house brewed and guest beers.  The wine menu isn't printed out yet, but they have a good assortment of of reds and whites, generous pour for $8/glass.  They also serve Numi teas, but there's no menu yet for those either.  Alan ordered a Vanilla Stout and I ordered a glass of Malbec.  We were both pleased.  We both ordered fish & chips, which arrived hot, crisp and greaseless, accompanied by a flavorful aioli.   I requested malt vinegar and Alan requested catsup and then tartar sauce.  The fish & chips were indeed excellent.  The only thing better was picking out our own fish fillets at the Mangonui Fish Shop in New Zealand and having them fried up, but these were very, very good.  I have no complaints at all about either part.  Alan was a little disappointed there were no greens w/ them, but liked what was there.  We'll be back to check out the hamburgers and other items on the menu.  Having developed low expectations for brew pub food after eating at Pyramid in Berkeley and Standing Stone in Ashland, I was very pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food here.  By the time we left almost every table was filled, as were about half the seat at the bar.  The noise level was high, but not unpleasantly so.  I wish these folks well.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2011,10/14/2011,1948,4780,21,23,18>Gayle and I decided to have a Saturday Date Night in the WC. This meant Dinner at around 6:30, a walk around Downtown, and back home well before the Club scene started to pick up. Besides, we had also been warned that Cougars prowl these streets later in the evening. However, since Gayle considers herself to be a Saber Tooth Tiger, I'm sure that we were safe.Gayle and I previously enjoyed a dinner at the Vanessa's in Berkeley, and with a Groupon in hand, we decided to give VB2 a try. We had made a reservation, and when we arrived early, we were promptly led to a very nice table in the back room. And this high quality maître d' service was repeated during the evening by everyone here, whether they were taking our order, serving various small plates, or clearing them away. The atmosphere (including the techno-Europe rhythm in the background) was also very comfortable and conducive to talk and reconnection. As for the food, we shared 4 different small plates (Spring Rolls, Spicy Chicken Sausage Ravioli, Calamari, and Fish Tacos) plus drinks, dessert, and coffee. Everything was delivered quickly, served fresh, and all of it delicious. In other words, everything was firing on all cylinders last night. And as much as both of us love Va de Vi, Vanessa's is a serious alternative, right down to the prices and a well considered wine list.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2010,10/13/2011,64,706,6,11,12>Came to The Door via my hubby's holiday party. The restaurant is beautifully decorated touching on various Asian and eastern elements. I was quite impressed by the seamless use of stone, wood and fabrics.We arrived early so we were lucky to score one of the few plush booths while others dined at round tables and communal seating. The dining area can get quite loud being that it's a fairly smaller space than most larger restaurants. We got settled in our quasi-VIP area and waited for the morsels to come flowing.First to our table was a beautiful Watercress Salad (pear/orange slices, sambal walnut and a lime vinaigrette-$8) which I wasn't very enamored with although I had the most in volume at our table. Not much of a fan of watercress, tangy vinaigrette and the burnt tasting walnuts.Next up to bat, crispy calamari with a lemongrass dipping sauce ($9). This was more my speed being lightly seasoned and the sauce wasn't bad at all. Shortly after this lightly fried goodness came my favorite of the small plates, Mustard Shrimp ($8). This had a very robust flavor to it although I was expecting shrimp floating in French's Mustard (as you can tell I am very refined). It's hard to explain but it was almost a sweet gritty mustard that played very well with the plump shrimp. Served with the shrimp was a bowl of steamed jasmine rice ($1.50), a very nice compliment.On to the larger plates! Wok Tossed Green Beans (w/Kaffir Lime, Soy & Garlic -$7) not a fan because I take a childish stance on most veggies, I really should've tried it because everyone at my table were snapping them up. Up next, Asparagus and Shitake Mushrooms in a ginger and shallot reduction ($7) another thing I didn't touch but was enjoyed by many at my table including hubby.The 'pièce de résistance' for me was up next and will forever be burned in my mind as phenomenal! Mongolian Filet Mignon (beef tenderloin with onion, crispy rice noodles & szechwan pepper sauce -$14). Every bite was amazing and reminded me a great deal of the filet mignon at my favorite Japanese restaurant back home. This was definitely a dish I wasn't ashamed to heartily help myself to after everyone else tapped out.Lastly, for dessert, Fried Banana (fried bananas, vanilla bean gelato, caramel sauce and toasted peanuts -$7). I think I was the only one enjoying this although I have tasted better. It was doable so I guess that's all that matters.Overall it was a very comfortable experience, great food and adequate staff. I could seriously consider coming back for a cozy dinner for two.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,10/12/2011,294,570,5,7,8>Proper vibe and cool location for a Sunday Brunch.  Nice drink list and even nicer beer selection with legit Belgium offerings.Noshed on this monstrous seafood platter on ice which averages to about $20/mouth.  The hits:  dungeness crab (ice cold, sweet n salty, legs n body, sooo good); large shrimp (they WERE large and succulent); raw oysters (felt they coulda dished out a few more, but that's my oyster lovin' ass); all sauces were proper.The downers:  the clams and mussels (super tiny and a little dry, probably due to over cooking).I've gots to try more things as the soul food theme sounds promising, so I'll be back.  Loved the honey n cornbread at the table.  I could of eaten a whole sheet pan of the stuff.  Think I'm kiddin'?!
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,10/11/2011,744,496,14,11,10>One of the best bars I've been to in my 30+ years of drinkin'. What, I gotta 'splain more than that?  OK...  Great drinks.  Read the menu.  Order up.And one more thing.  Find the Meat and Cheese Temple in the all-glass back corner.  Meat is good.  Cheese too. And you can quote me.Be seen at a better scene.  Work the 17th Street Parade of automotive passersby for yer par-tay.  Happy Hour + Happy Evening + Happy Night = Dogwood is tha shxt!
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,10/10/2011,748,1049,8,18,11>We come here so much that we've become members, what more can I say! My 5-year-old practically lives here. Climbing the DNA structure outside is one of his little rituals.I wish we didn't have to pay the extra $4 for special exhibits (dinosaurs etc.) but I'd rather spend $4 here than at Walmart, know what I'm sayin'.Tip #1: Always pack a picnic and keep it in the cloakroom (on your right, past the check-in desk) until it's time to nosh; their snack bar is trying to do a good job but it's pricey and not up to the mark.Tip #2: Bring layered clothing because it gets hot inside and cold and windy outside on that beautiful hill.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,10/9/2011,166,140,6,11,9>I love the rush I get when I walk into Beer, Beer and More Beer!!  There is so much equipment laid out for you to peruse that you get the feeling that maybe you missed your calling as a brewer.  With the help of an employee to pick out whatever brewing kit you need (beer, wine, coffee, soda) you can rush home and get your brew on in a matter of hours.  There's everything you need for advanced or beginning brewing.Because I once made a Mr. Beer kit I consider myself an expert but I still really appreciated the help of Corey who let me, Erin S, and Akkis M build our own beer brewing kit.  He walked us through the whole setup and brewing process while pointing out the needed equipment.  One of the best parts of making your beer is standing in front of the big refrigerators choosing which grains and hops packet  you want to make your new favorite beer.   It's a crazy adventure.  I'll let you know how it turns out.  Now I just need to quit my day job so I can pursue my new hobby full-time like my buddies at Ale Industries.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,10/8/2011,506,510,6,9,9>Since they closed down all of the Borders Books I have had book  withdrawals. There is always Amazon but I normally don't go that route, I like the browsing through the book shelves. I know I can shop the bookstore in downtown Alameda which I do for gifts but sometimes I want to venture outward. Over the weekend I made a visit to the Half price bookstore and I was impressed with the selection and the organization. I thought I was going to find total chaos in the book shelves and this was not the case.Unfortunately the book I was seeking Theodore Roosevelt by Edmund Morris was not available. There were alot of books by Eleanor and  Franklin Roosevelt in the history section. You probably didn't realize I was such an intellect.  Half price books also features a large selection of DVDs, CD's and LP-vinyl records. Great prices...I'll be back.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2010,10/7/2011,102,109,8,12,12>Gather (verb) to bring close; to come together around a central point. Just the thought of the name of this great dining establishment is warm & inviting. It's perfect enough for a delicious brunch with a group of friends or colleagues in their outdoor patio equipped with heat lamps and spaciousness, & intimate enough to take a date to ravish in biodynamic wines & organic cocktails.Gather supports local food producers & offers vegan or gluten free options on alot of their dishes upon request. Definitely something for everyone!I flove their new Pig Leg Sandwich ($13) served with side baby greens. This sandwich actually replaced their popular pulled pork sandwich which I was dying to try, but ultimately didn't miss since I can say with much confidence that their pig leg sandwich is now my favorite sandwich in the East Bay! Simple, to the point & packs a punch. It sits on perfectly toasted ciabatta bread, served with shaved torpedo onions, crème fraiche mustard vinaigrette, & I believe cabbage? Soooooooo good I can't stop thinking about it! The Stinging Nettle Pizza ($18) served with smoked mozzarella & olive caper sauce was light yet satisfying. Capers can sometimes overpower a dish and add an element of over saltiness, but they were well balanced in the pizza. The crust, with perfect texture & added crisp, leaves you wanting a dip or olive oil to dip into.The food came out very quickly within approximately 4-6 minutes from when we ordered. Their service was great & everything was almost perfect except that our waiter forgot our water and didn't get it to us until after our food was served. Other than that, a great way to spend an afternoon with people you love.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2011,10/6/2011,147,72,10,16,14>In a place that has an abundance of Mexican restaurants, taquerias and taco trucks- Cosecha stands out far far above the rest. The food here is always deliciosa and very fresh as the owners take the time and source only the freshest ingredients for their daily fare.  I've have had almost all of the tacos and looking forward to try the fish one as i hear is to die for, the horchatas are the real deal and not that fake powdery stuff others call rice milk. The tortas ahogadas are very good and i love the bread, i usually like getting my sauce on the side so that i can drown each individual bite with out drowning my fingers but that is just me, I'm a clean freak haha.Go on Saturdays for bunch and try some of that amazing homemade SPAM! (yea not from the can, she makes it in-house).  or go to one of their more intimate Saturday night dinners which sometimes feature other chefs. So as you can see, Cosecha is not your typical taco and burrito place in Oakland, check them out and thank me later :-)
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2011,10/5/2011,241,77,21,17,14>Haha, Saddle Rack is hilariously entertaining. Saddle Rack is like Fremont's version of Papas & Beer but instead of reggaeton they play country music. Man I wish they had a TJ night with a taqueria up in here.I first learned about this place from Willie Diesel in a yelp thread so when I found out I was going here as part of a bachelor / bachelorette party I got super excited. I was expecting the place to be douchier and whiter but was surprised to see a nice mix of all types of people. One dude straight up looked like Tookie Williams in a white cowboy hat, like a OG cripping cowboy and shiz.The alcohol selection here is pretty horrible but they have Jameson so I was good to go. For those of us who cannot stand country music I suggest that you drink a pint of whiskey before you walk in, everything sounds much better when you're drunk.Saddle Rack has a $10 before 10pm cover charge which I thought was a lil high considering how dead it was when we got there but in hindsight it was worth it just to watch drunk aunties line dance with Fremont cowboys.Overall this is an entertaining place, I'd never come here on my own ( it's not my scene ) but I'd definitely come back if someone else wanted to go. Oh and if they were going to be driving, there's no way I can handle country music sober.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,10/4/2011,168,242,52,7,21>Now this is the story all about howMy hair got long, and made me frownNow i'd like to take a minute, just sit right thereI'll tell you all about the place by my bus stop that cut my hairIn Southern California, born and raisedThat's not important here, just covering that baseKicking it off Shattuck, I found Lan SalonHeard from some Yelpers that their haircuts were bombWhen I walked up their prices seemed goodJust $15 for a haircut in my neighborhood?I talked to one sweet lady and she told me to sit down over thereShe said, "Give us twenty minutes and we'll cut your hair."I got in the chair and she grabbed her shearsThen flashed me a smile in one of the mirrorsShe asked me how I wanted my hairAnd I said, "You decide! I really don't care."She finished up no more than ten minutes laterI looked at my 'do and dug my new flavorI opened my wallet and tipped what was fairThen winked at my stylist and told her thanks for the fresh hair
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,10/3/2011,151,178,12,13,13>Having lunch with Betty H. is beyond a treat. And I'm talking not just to you, fellow Yelpers, but the restaurant owners.  Why? Because having Betty as a dining companion is a guaranteed extra star on your review (file it under the 'ambience' category).And thus, were it possible, I would give our lunch at Lin Jia six stars. What a pretty, open place ... nicely appointed, open but still intimate but not too small. On the street corner so light floods in. Service is impeccable -- sweet, demure, and very helpful -- both very professional and very "family". Our host suggested the shrimp rolls as an appetizer (see pic). Now these are not your typical fried rolls. Slightly coned-shaped, filled with shrimp and cream cheese and a bit of cilantro, the wrap lightly and perfectly fried, accompanied by a light dipping sauce of lemony wonder. So delicious, I could have made a meal of them, like three-times-a-day all-week delicious. Betty had the insight to pair it with a nice chardonnay. She really has a gift with wine, the pairing made an amazing dish even better. The lunch plates are a generous size, accompanied by a scoop of rice and a bowl of hot & sour soup (the best I've had on the West coast). And unlike many lunch plates, the dishes are still easy enough to swap & share with your fellow diners. Their KFC (Korean Fried Chicken) would give the Colonel some serious poultry envy. Barely battered, in a just-spicy-enough sauce of chili and other goodness. Their Imperial Glass Noodles, a delight in subtlety and complexity. The Mongolian Beef, a classic, done very well here, with grass-fed beef.It's a joy to find a new eatery that wows you so much, you want to return (soon) and sample every thing on the menu. But if you go, definitely ask for the shrimp rolls. And if you're lucky enough, you'll have a fellow adventurer like Betty to make your meal a gem of an event.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,10/2/2011,59,172,,55,11>We had a fantastic dinner at Artisan Bistro last night, in celebration of a special occasion. We started the meal by sharing a King Crab Salad, and toasting with a glass of the J. Roget Brut. The crab was light and delicious and the salad was perfectly dressed. I loved the addition of pomelo segments, this component created a perfect balance with the lettuce and crab. For my entree I had the Wild John Dory. It was sauteed and sat on a bed of beans and kale, surrounded by a bouillabaisse and topped with a rosemary and sage vinaigrette. The fish was perfect - firm and light. I am a huge fan of the bouillabaisse and could have ordered a cup of just that! My BF had the duck and he loved it. I don't typically eat duck otherwise I would have tasted it for myself. :) Next for my favorite course, dessert! The special was a blood orange panna cotta, topped with a currant gellee. We also ordered the passion fruit and dark chocolate mousse. Both were terrific, but my fave was the panna cotta. It was accompanied by house made pistachio biscotti. A fantastic end to a delightful meal. So happy to have tried Artisan Bistro and taken the quick trip to Lafayette.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2010,10/1/2011,2016,1122,11,13,12>i finally got around to trying the brown sugar kitchen after hearing good things about it for so many years. i must say with all of the hype and time it took me to finally try it it was well worth the wait.it was a saturday around 11am when we arrived and as expected there were people waiting outside to be seated and people standing everywhere inside. it was cold outside so standing room only inside was the hot spot. i tracked down the hostess and gave her my name and she quoted us a 45 minute wait. that was a larger number than i expected but i was very willing to wait. i took a seat out front on the bench while waiting for our turn. right next to the bench was a window and i could see some of the food these two women were eating and it looked so very good. my dad grabbed a sticky bun and a cup of coffee to hold him over until we were seated. he like the coffee but still thinks blue bottle is the best around for some reason. as for the sticky bun it was so awesome. my dad really loved it because it reminded him of the sticky buns his mom used to make so i'm glad it gave him the old memories.we headed inside to see how things were looking with the tables but this place is pretty small and very short on two tops so we were just hoping people would hurry and eat and move on. unfortunately they only had a couple of 2 tops and a counter so we were just waiting for those checks to get dropped. it had now been about 45 minutes and those two women i noticed earlier were still at their table chatting away and taking their sweet time. meanwhile there had to be another 12 groups of people waiting for tables as well. we were giving them the stare and trying to give them a hint but no such luck. their waitress even walked by many times also dropping hints but these two women were just being plain rude. finally a table of four got up and the table was bussed and they separated it into a two top and we were finally sat.we were given menus but i knew i had only come for one thing and it was for the chicken and waffles. they had some other great sounding things on the menu but i just had to stick to my plan. we both ordered the same thing and the wait was on. it took a good amount of time for our order but they were super busy so it was all good. up to this point those women were still sitting at their table just taking up space and screwing their server from turning over that table. our server was cool and we mentioned the women and she and the entire staff were aware of the situation and we all joked about them. they even had their bill but were just sitting there. they then paid their bill got change and continued to sit there. these two women were even making me angry since i have been in the business and i know exactly how this is for a server and the restaurant. finally our server basically told them there was a long wait and they needed to leave. i loved it!ok now on with the food! when our order arrived it looked and smelled so amazing. there were two cornmeal waffle halves with brown sugar butter, and apple cider syrup. they also gave me 2 pieces of chicken including a breast and a leg and that is what i'm into so as a guy i was happy. i immediately poured the syrup over my waffles and some on the plate for dipping my chicken pieces. first i tried the waffle and it was so light and crispy it was unlike any waffle i have ever had in my life the cornmeal gave it the greatest texture and with the butter and syrup it was to die for. i took a bite of the chicken leg and it had the best crunch and the meat was so tender it was melt in my mouth good. the flavor of the chicken had great flavor and some really mouth watering spices. this was some of the best chicken i have ever had as well and that was only the leg. when i took bites of the chicken with the waffle and the butter and syrup it just added a whole new dimension to everything. the waffle and chicken were both perfectly cooked and i was really enjoying this very long anticipated meal. i finished every scrap on my plate except for the chicken bones of course but if it were acceptable in public i just may have finished those as well.i really enjoyed my chicken and waffles and my dad did as well and he's not a fan of chicken at all so you know it's good! i can't wait to come back and try it again. next time i think i will come on a weekday for sure to avoid those huge crowds. i cannot blame them because this place does have the goods. and remember if a place is busy i understand there is a time to sit and enjoy yourself but be courteous and you had better tip your server really well if you do pull that kind of stuff.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,9/30/2011,547,730,10,17,11>You know what was a let down about my dinner at Ippuku?Nothing. Not a single damn thing.Sure, it helps to come with a regular, and it also helps to do some research before you head here. But still. Everything was good.The main dish I wanted to try was their now legendary Chicken Yukke, the raw chicken tartare dish that, for better or worse, put Ippuku on the map. Unlike some of the other reviewers on Yelp that have eaten here, I had no fears related to salmonella or food poisoning, mostly because the chicken is sourced exceptionally well. Having experienced raw pork, raw horse, and other raw foods in my life with little to no adverse effects, I wasn't too worried about some cage-free, hormone-free chicken making me sick. Hell, the raw egg on the yukke was far more likely to make me sick than the chicken itself.As others have mentioned, the yukke is really good. It has a creaminess that makes it taste not unlike a piece of high-grade tuna. I'm sure the chicken is cleaned (and, indeed, my dinner companions, who are regulars, noted that the chicken is actually flash boiled, so it's even less risky than most imagine), since the chicken itself was devoid of that gross poultry gaminess that accompanies opening a bag of Foster Farms chicken from the grocery store. The sauce, green onions, and egg all add depth and flavor to the dish.We also had the gyoza, which were done extremely well - crisp and juicy.Since the main focus of Ippuku is yakitori, we dove into that part of the menu with gusto. The minced chicken meatball that's dipped in raw egg was definitely a standout, and the chicken heart skewers were nicely devoid of any overpowering iron flavor. They were grilled perfectly, with just the right amount of snap. The same holds true for the gizzard skewer. The breast skewer was actually my least favorite - there wasn't anything standout about it, other than it was a very good piece of chicken. The seared breast with ume, though, and the version with shiso, were both phenomenal. Leaving the right amount of pinkess does wonders for chicken - it's a shame most chicken isn't safe enough to be cooked this way. Chicken neck was delicious, as was the thigh.My favorite yakitori item, though, was the grilled quail. I love quail, but so many restaurants fuck it up - they either overcook it so there's nothing but tough meat left, or undercook it so it's gummy and weird. But the quail here was sublime, with fantastic seasoning. The quail was also expertly deboned, with the only bones remaining being the leg bones and the wings, leaving nothing else but juicy, savory meat.I also have to mention another popular item here: bacon wrapped mochi. This is so ridiculously, ludicrously delicious that I damn near wet my pants in joy from the first bite. The bacon isn't overdone or overpowering here - just enough to add a texture contrast to the gooey mochi, and just enough to add a delicious smokiness to the whole dish.The ramen was ordered by other people at our table, and though they reported it to be meh, I did try the stock. The stock was strong in poultry flavor, which isn't how I like my ramen stock. I'd say it's probably the most skippable item on the menu.The kani croquette was also awesome here - so many textures and flavors. The crab seemed high quality, and the gooey cheese on the inside contrasted nicely with the crispness of the croquette. Another winner, for sure.The vegetarians at our table reported the agedashi tofu to be a bit too cold in the center, but the broth was excellent (i stole a sip of it before it was taken away). They also had the brussel sprout skewers and the oyster mushroom skewers, both reported to be good. They also got the nori wrapped mochi, to complement the bacon wrapped mochi that the meat-eaters ordered, and these seemed to be just as good as the bacon wrapped version. The final vegetarian dish was one my wife's favorites, yaki onigiri. Crispy and flavorful, I was even tempted to order one after having a bite of my wife's.For dessert, we had the macha affogato, which was really tasty, and the black sesame sundae, which didn't knock me over, but everyone else seemed to really enjoy.Service was excellent, but that's probably because two of my dining compatriots, as I mentioned above, are regulars.All in all, I'm glad that Ippuku exists, and also glad that it's right off the Downtown Berkeley Bart stop - I plan to come back and finish off whatever is left on the menu that I didn't get to.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2010,9/29/2011,3617,1853,18,25,20>The hot Russian mustard is hotter than the Louisianna hot link! Whew! Spicier than a mail order Balkan bride versus a red headed Ragin Cajun! Bigger and cleaner than the original on the south side on Durant! Plus it has a view window to watch Center street passersby, which is a step up the food chain than the south side homeless hippies. Still all the charm of an Appalachian trailer park family barbeque, but now with more healthier choices besides a Top, Bock, or Kiel from the old days! Lemon-chicken dog? Isn't that a Chinese delicacy?Also unlike Durant Street, there are actually more than 2 stools to sit and mouth that wiener between your lips! But like Durant, there is still that stainless tub of relish, and that crockpot full of warm sauerkraut! But I do miss the "Vote for Malarkey" bumper sticker of Top Dog #1.Ah, sweet memories of Berkeley are not complete without the Top Dog experience revisited regularly.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2011,9/28/2011,716,387,12,17,15>Nested in a very industrial edge of Hayward, Pot Pie Paradise and Deli is famous for selling their pot pies at many farmer's markets. I even saw a couple of TV clips showcasing the their delicious pot pies. I came here on basic impulse while going to work (only about mile away). The location here wasn't too hard to find. When you walk inside, you noticed that they have a very large unused dining area. They have a lot of their pot pies ready for sale from their fridge. The pot pies are pretty much oversized even for the containers that I bought them in. You would order from their long list of pot pies that were available.I used a stovetop oven, to heat up my pot pie. I find the pot pies were exceptionally good. I got the country beef pot pie which was okay. I especially love  some of their more exotic flavors of Jamaican Chicken, or Thai Curry. These special flavors were awesome. When prepared right, the pot pies have an exceptionally flaky crust. ( yelp.com/user_local_phot… )-----+ Pro: Delicious Pot Pie, crazy nice selection of filling/flavors.- Con: A little pricey.( ^_^) Overall: Delicious pot pies that pleases.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,9/27/2011,301,336,9,12,13>"A friend of mine is into Voodoo Acupuncture. You don't have to go to the office. You'll just be walking down the street, and...ahhhhhh, that's much better"~Stephen WrightI have a confession to make... I hate needles. Hate 'em. I'm the biggest baby when it comes to injections. I can't stand getting my blood drawn, I loathe the Novocaine needle at the dentist's office, travel shots were an awful experience.  So why the hell would I go to an acupuncturist if I hate needles so much? I've seen pictures of people with hundreds of tiny needles sticking out of their skin. That doesn't look fun or relaxing to me.But being a glutton for punishment, I tried acupuncture and in reality it is very relaxing. Lisa is a consumate professional.  She really knows her stuff and has a deep understanding of human physiology and Traditional Chinese Medicine.  I rock climb so I'm always finding new and innovative ways to injure myself from pulled muscles to strains, sprains, tendon issues...you name it, I've done it or am about to do it.  Lisa is always there to provide a treatment when I need it.  She does a particular form of acupuncture on me called 'Motor Point Therapy' that helps release the tightness in muscles and alleviate the pain caused by muscle and tendon injury. When I recently developed Climber's Elbow she helped me to get past the initial pain so I could seek physical therapy treatment. In short, she's awesome and really good at what she does. She's the first person I call when I have an injury. Even before 9-1-1.  I truly trust Lisa and highly recommend her if you have a sports injury or any other kind of muscle or back pain.Here's to your health!
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,9/26/2011,237,521,12,15,14>Love it! Love it! Looooove it! Yes, I do!  They make the most yummy sandwiches on their fresh baked bread.  I love the lunch combo with the Turkey, Swiss, Avacado on PDC with a side of the Asian style fruit salad (it has a different name, but I can't remember.So I eat a great lunch and then pick up a loaf of bread and some goodies for work and I'm happy, happy, happy!
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,9/25/2011,327,957,12,13,15>A kinder, gentler way to travel from the East Bay to the SF Ferry Building!!Slow on a foggy weekday....we braved the cold to have the wind in our hair, and loved every minute!! The trip goes very fast. Buy tickets on board, free parking at the Washington St Garage...seriously...why not??
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2011,9/24/2011,331,587,15,22,17>I love this town for many reasons, but one which I'll highlight is that it has so many pockets full of treasures that I keep discovering even after almost living here for ten years.Battambang is one such delight and I'm puzzled as to how I've lived without knowing of it. We live on the same street, albeit a very long artery of a street, but I now know that when I need some nourishing Cambodian food made with love, I can just hop on my bike and cruise down Broadway, and since it's downhill I could just coast there.I came for dinner this week after a long and hot day, was greeted warmly by a woman who was working solo in the front of the house. She seated me and plied me with warm and smooth tea that I liked.Looking for a light a cooling meal, I chose the nhorm lahong (number nineteen) that was shredded green papaya, carrots, mint, pork, prawns, and ground peanuts with a lime sauce. Wow. It reminded me of ceviche, but it is hard to compare it to anything that I've had before. It stands alone. It was beautifully presented and I felt guilty about destroying the chef's delicate creation. I intend to revel in my recent discovery again and again. The menu is long so I think this may be the beginning of a beautiful relationship.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,9/23/2011,1328,395,22,35,27>I first reached the top back in New Year 2010 to watch the sun rise. Indeed was beautiful! 1.5 year later, my co-worker asked me to come to Mission Peak for a good hike on a weekend, made it to up in less than 1 hr. 20 minutes (oh boy, I thought I was out of shape!) Week later, I went up again in less than 1 hr. 10 minutes... Week later, I went up once again with 1 hr. 4 minutes as my personal best time. My goal was to reach to the peak within one hour, or less. All starting from Stanford trail. Yesterday I decided to try out the Ohlone trail from Ohlone College. Going through the wilderness, passed by a dead rodent in middle of the trail, through the woods, moo-pies everywhere. It was a long hike but less strenuous unlike the steep Stanford trail.Puffin..huffin... made it to top! Gulping my water and sitting on a hard rock enjoying the breath-taking view above the clouds. But I didn't reach my hour goal. Fail! I'm going again this Saturday to beat my time. Whoo hoo - 4th time this week!   Stanford trail:-hard to find parking-steep and strenuous -it can get crowded-rarely any shade. Maybe only 2 huge spots of shade.-a lot of shortcuts but there are rangers that will warn you, or might get you a fine.Ohlone trail: -more scenery -longer hike -more shade!!!! -less crowded, I didn't pass anyone throughout my hike here.-more adventurous-going through the jungle was my favorite part  of the hike, so nature-y. TIPS: -water is essential (at least 1 liter will suffice.) -sunblock/sunscreen is required!!! I don't want you guys get cancer or get wrinkles breaking down collagen.-wear shorts and tank tops (you will thank me) -GO EARLY to avoid the sun heat. I mean early as 6am. -learn how to pack light. bring a fruit, camera, your iPhone, etc.-dress accordingly! You do not want to suffocate with a thick sweater under a hot weather.-please don't wear slip-on vans or converse. Wear comfortable shoes/running/hiking footwear! -DO NOT GIVE UP! I've seen so many people giving up going back home. -ENJOY!*UPDATE*: Went today and reached to the top in 57 minutes! My goal has reached. I pampered myself with a big fat meal after the hike.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,9/22/2011,1020,575,23,24,25>A week after Valentine's Day, during a real stressful finals week,  Lovie was asking me some suspicious questions like, "What's your street address again?" "What time are you going to be home tomorrow? Will anyone be home at around the afternoon?" HOOKAY.... So I asked him, "Lovie, dear, what's up? What's with all these questions?" And his response: "Stop asking questions...it's just something!"The next day, I received this beautiful bouquet of daises and pink roses...my ultimate fav, courtesy of telaflor.com and made by Paula's Family Florist. It was a beautiful arrangement and inside the card said, "I love you so much. You're my everything. xoxo, Scruffles. P.S. Kick butt during your finals week!"Such a pleasant surprise. The only snafu that Lovie noticed that the ribbon on the vase was solid pink instead of polka dots: "I wanted polka dots because polka dots remind me of you." I didn't care so much. I was up and a-roaring to go for finals week, which I am proud to report that I passed with flying colors! Thanks Paula!
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2011,9/21/2011,523,699,2,20,14>13 years ago, an adorable black and white ball of fur came into my life, and I named him Figaro.Figaro was no ordinary cat.  He was more like a dog.  Even people who absolutely abhorred cats couldn't resist Figaro.  He was loving, cuddly, and just an all-around sweet cat.  Sadly, Figaro got sick.  I don't know how long he was sick, but when I took him to a different vet a week ago, they said it was his kidneys- not an emergency- and that I should just try to give him food and fluids.  For a cat who could eat his meal and yours, not eating or drinking was abnormal.  Under the advisement of the vet, I waited to see if the kidneys would clear the toxins that were building up (how, I don't know).Last night, Figaro wasn't himself.  Even since he's been sick, he's still been a cuddly little monkey, but last night was different.  He was acting weird and breathing very rapidly.  I figured he was just agitated because I had to go out of town for work (couldn't get out of it), because he's ALWAYS hated when I leave.  Then at 2 a.m., he starts heaving.  It sounded like a hairball cough.  I tried to coax him on my bed, but he wasn't having it.  To make him feel better, I got out the old sleeping bag and laid down where he was lying in the living room.  Then he started panting, gagging and drooling.  I knew something was wrong, and I was scared. So I called this place.  When you have to call somewhere in the middle of the night about your sick pet, you want to hear a soothing voice on the other end.  I explained his symptoms, and they said to bring him in.  I put him in his carrier, and my neighbor drove me.Sadly, on the drive there, Figaro passed away.  On my lap.  In the car.My neighbor asked me if we wanted to continue to the vet.  Although I just wanted to crawl under a rock and die, I knew we had to continue.  I brought him in, crying, telling them that I think he already died.  They were very patient with me, got out the stethoscope and listened for a heartbeat that was no longer there.  She then told me the options, and told me I could have as much time with him as I needed.  She got a towel for me to wrap him in, and I got one last hug.  It's one thing to find a vet when your pet is sick and you're worried, it's another to find a place when you've lost a pet and you're grieving.  This place handled the whole situation superbly and with the utmost compassion.  I would not wish ANYONE go through what I'm going through right now,  but in the end when your friend goes to pet heaven, this place handles the situation the way it needs to be.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,9/20/2011,184,198,11,18,13>Now that I've tried almost everything in the place, I can write an even more stellar review.  Not only is their focaccia the lightest and airiest I've ever had, they have a great variety of savory items when your sweet tooth isn't running the show.  Sweeter items distinguish themselves by not being too sweet, so the real flavors come dancing through. Little mini pizzas with an egg and some ham are a great way to start the morning, while their adorable little elegant muffins have interesting combinations of fruit and dark chocolate bits.  Their cafe mocha is  hands-down the best in town, and the roman pizzas and variations on sandwiches are heavenly.I'm in here at least a couple of times a week, either in the morning on my way in to work or at lunch time for a little taste of Italy.  At first the counter help seemed a little spotty, but the sorority girls have thankfully disappeared and all the staff is warm, friendly, enthusiastic and helpful.  I can pull out one of my two or three words of Italian with one of the owners and feel the warmth of the Tuscan countryside, when their delicious coffee and deceptively simple baked goods hit the spot.Te amo, PIQ!
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2010,9/19/2011,261,512,7,13,8>Philz brews the best cup of drip coffee I've ever had. No more Blue Bottle, it's Philz all the way.You go inside and order from their vast selection of Dark, Medium and Light Roast. You can't put your own cream and sugar in the coffee. They do it for you and then cool the coffee until the absolute perfect drinking temperature. I love the Julie's Ultimate and the Turkish Coffee (granted, it's not real Turkish coffee but the Philiz take on flavors of turkish coffee, but it's kind of nice not to get a mouthful of grounds at the end of it).The upstairs is well lit and the perfect place to study or read a book (though it's always a bit too crowded for my liking. But the sofas and piano and board games make for an absolutely perfect environment. It feels comfortable. It feels like home.My only request: stop putting mint in all the drinks. It may work for some, but it totally doesn't work for others.
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,9/18/2011,126,1452,19,23,22>Cocktail Girl is back!  For a one night limited showing.  Its been a year since I had a cocktail.  For our 4 year wedding anniversary I chose to come here with the full intent of imbibing my entire visit.The website is fantastic.  They have all of their menus shown and they even have their cocktail menu online.  Did they know that I was planning on coming here?  If so thats the way to do it!Not to mention the wonderful little Yelp reservation thingy on their page.  Boom!  We had our Saturday  night 7pm reservation in.  Thank Yelp!We came in and were promptly sat at a seat downstairs near the window that faces N. Main.  It was a tall table almost bar like but very comfortable.I told the waitress how excited I was because it would be my first night having cocktails again.  She said she was excited for me too.  I loved that.We started off with a round of  Elder Sour's, vodka, lime, lemon, elderflower.  This is the top of the pyramid of sour cocktails.  Sour is my personal favorite and this one was at the top.  Sweet at first but leveled off with a slight kick and twang but went down so, so smoothly.  I had two of these.Our 2 appetizers were the Crispy Calamari and the Classic Imperial Rolls.  The Crispy Calamari was excellent.  It was cut into squares and deep fried with the wonderful flaky crust on it.  I would have had two orders if I could.Classic Imperial Rolls were odd.  They had an odd odor like a stinky cheese type of odor.  Even though there wasn't any cheese.  My husband loved them, me not so much.   Second drink was the Air Mail, barbancourt, lime, honey, champagne float.  The Fairmont Hotel in SF makes the best Air Mail in the world so they had to meet a high standard for me.  They almost got it but just fell a little short.  Maybe it was the rum they used.  The aftertaste had a slight tinge of the Air Mail I know but the drink itself had its own thing going on.  Good but no comparison to The Fairmont's.Everything is served family style tapas like so we went with the Cubed Filet Mignon and the Caramelized Hoison Chicken.  No sides.The Cubed Beef was supremely wonderful.  You should order this just for yourself, don't share because you'll regret it.  I didn't because it was my husband but yes I could have eaten the entire dish alone.The Chicken however was tooooo spicy for little wimpy Cocktail Girl.  The first bites were really good and flavorful then the spice just sneaks up on you and bites you practically.  Maybe they made it more spicy so I would drink more.  Those bastards!My one suggestion for the cocktails...More vodka options. The have a ton of Gin options but only 2 Vodka options.  I love Gin but this night was not a Gin night.But overall we thoroughly enjoyed our evening.  The drinks the food the ambiance, everything.  I could not have chosen a better place.  It was also wonderful to spend time with my husband alone like the olden days. I realized sitting there that we will be old together and even though we have the cutest little baby now, hes going to grow up and move away and we will still be together.  Hopefully going out, eating amazing food and imbibing amazing cocktails.We cant wait to come back and we hope to share many more years to come.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,9/16/2011,231,454,18,19,20>Oh damn this place is good. I lunched here just moments ago (why wait to share) with a friend who helped with the re-imagining of Park Street. Alameda, once a down at the heels military town, is getting its wings back. I wonder sometimes whether this might not be a nice place to live. Were I not in the coolest neighborhood ever I could give it a go. Angkor is midway down park, near the Hobnob and Lucky 13. I'll be back not for lunch to finish at these other two fine Avenue establishments, my belly happy, lined with some of the most delicious creations I've tried in some time. For lunch - chicken with broccoli in peanut sauce. Omg. Basil lamb. Mango salad with prawns. I wanted to try everything on the menu, it looked that good. Reasonably priced, friendly prompt service. I have nothing but good things to say about this place. But, I suppose, if you know me you know I have nothing but good things to say about anything I Yelp. If it isn't worth writing about I won't waste your time. This place is good enough to travel a distance for. You don't need to live in Alameda to like Angkor. But please, drive only 25, lest you want your repast to set you back a bit more than you had anticipated. Alameda popo make their pensions from your heavy foot.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,9/15/2011,338,1028,11,19,13>Cheese is my favorite food group.  Jackie V, my honey, and I went on a busy Saturday night. Jackie called and got our name on the list so we only had to wait ~15 minutes after we arrived.  The space is lively, interesting, fun, and smells like delicious cheese.  We were encouraged to enjoy a beer while we waited.  I didn't mind the wait at all.I started with a side salad ($3) which was nice sized with a light, tangy citrus vinaigrette.  The three of us split the following mac and cheeses (Sharing is Caring):The Exchange Student ($7.50) - pecorino and black peppercornsMac the Goat ($8.50) - chevre and goat cheese and scallionsMexican Mac ($8.50) - chorizo, chipotle peppers, jack cheese, cilantro, limeThe Mac the Goat was my favorite but all three were flavorful, creamy, and distinct.  The Mexican Mac was nice and spicy.  Be sure to squeeze the lime on top.  I don't think I could eat a whole dish of the Mexican Mac by myself but my honey felt differently.  That was his favorite.  Service was great from start to finish.  The kitchen was a bit backed up but seeing that they have been open less than a month, I was very impressed with everything.  They have "buy 10 mac and cheeses, get one free" cards in the super cute card catalog cabinet next to the bathrooms.  They even stamp and file your card for you so it is there waiting for your next visit.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,9/14/2011,1205,283,18,21,25>Have you ever been some where that grabs you by the inside of your drunk lover soul and just satisfies you like most don't?  Good times come plenty, stiff drinks I've had many, good service every now and then.  Cafe Biere has done me like no other establishment has ever done me since I moved from LA to The Bay.  Cafe Biere was as memorable as my first lesbian experience.  Yes that good!!!  I rolled in here with great arm candy and a pleasant little smile.  Opening the doors to Cafe Biere is like opening the gates to a whole 'nutha world.  Beats blasting from NWA to classic Pac, sexy Latin waiters, great ambiance, smells of good food filling the air, and lovely magic potions in glasses that they call mimosas.  Right after entering my hand was filled with the classic OJ mimosa, minutes after filled with an Aloe mimosa, not too much later the Honeydew came, then the Jicama (Yes Jicama), somewhere between all that we where seated and greeted and basically hand held through our whole brunch experience.  I ordered the Po' Boy Oyster sammy, my lady ordered the Avocado Omelet with Goat Cheese, Beezy ordered the beautiful Steak and Eggs, the app was Fried Calamari.  Everything from all the deliciousness on our plates to all the magic in our glasses I could not have been more happy.  This experience exceeded cloud 9.  Did I mention I also had Pineapple, Strawberry, Cucumber, and Watermelon mimosas during my 4 hours experience here.  $12 for bottomless magic after so many flavors and triples and doubles, and laughter, and mmmm's I probably paid about 50 cents for each mimosa.  Tell me that ain't something to smile about.  Between extremely good food with great portions, and amazing mimosas you can't get much better than this in any 510 location.  There are many things you should do before your last breath, and one of them is brunch at Cafe Biere!  Thanks to Ivan and all the beautiful attentive staff.  See you next weekend, be there or be square!
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2011,9/13/2011,1261,122,8,17,10>Never really tried Vietnamese food before, I've never even had Pho before, so when my family and I went out with my friend and his family and ate at Le Cheval the other night, I was very impresses by the flavor and how appetizing each and every dish was. We started with the Lemon Grass Calamari - pan fried with onions, lemon grass and curry, topped with peanuts. Not your typical crispy calamari, but I like the lemon grass flavor to it. Then I had my first ever Pho. Pho Tau Bay (Beef Noodle Soup) - beef tenderloin in a traditional Tau Bay's broth recipe. That was one of the best noodle soup I ever had. Sweetness, sour, spicy, it had the entire flavor in one soup. Definitely coming back here next time I get my noodle soup craving. We also ordered the combination fried rice, the Ga Nuong (Chicken Kebab) and the Simmer Fried Eggplant with Tofu. The fried rice was absolutely delicious and the Eggplant with Tofu was one of the best we ever had. The Chicken Kebab was also wonderful, the kids absolutely love them. What a wonderful place to spend some time with some friends and a nice way to celebrate the Vietnamese New Year. So to quote Amanda B, "Happy New Year! Chúc Mung Nam Moi 2011 to all!!"
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,9/12/2011,341,458,5,21,21>I wanted to start fostering dogs who have been rescued and are waiting for their Forever Home.  I had tried with a couple of other organizations... one didn't work out very well and the other never returned my calls or emails.  I somehow stumbled upon Dusty Paws, and am I glad I did!The organization is run by Diane and Wayne, who personally pour their heart and energy into rescuing dogs and cats and placing them in the right home.  Their love for the animals is apparent, and their organizational skills are remarkable.  Our first story, of hopefully many, is Doe.  Wayne went up to the Manteca shelter because they were over capacity and would be euthanizing some animals.  He was not able to save all of the darlings, but because I had committed to provide a foster home, one of the loves he was able to rescue was Doe.  Doe has been living with our family for a couple of weeks.  She quickly won our hearts.  Though we are sorely tempted to adopt her ourselves, what I really want to do is find her a wonderful home and then be available to commit to the next pooch in need.  What I've learned about Dusty Paws is this:- Because the foster family knows the dog best, we are included in every step of the adoption process.  Showing her at Petco and Pet Food Express, meeting interested adopters, answering questions honestly about her behavior and personality.- They use a brilliant process to make sure the fit is right.  The adoptive family and the foster family meet to share information and get to know the animal.  If everything still looks right, we schedule a "sleepover" where Doe stays with the adopting family for 10-14 days.  If it doesn't work out for any reason... no harm, no foul.  We'd rather know now than later.  Right now, we are getting close to Doe going away for her first sleepover.  I'm sure it will be a tearful occasion for my family.  But I will know that she's on her way to finding a family who loves her as much as we do.In addition to their website (which has their Petco and Pet Food Express dates), find them on Facebook:facebook.com/lmiyoshi/po…And at Petfinder:petfinder.com/pet-search…
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,9/11/2011,300,251,30,13,13>My mother just pointed out that I haven't reviewed West Coast Pizza, and she is the most unabashed nag hag my world has ever known. She is a naggadocio. If she were an animal, she'd be a naguar. When I was a child, she taught my brother and I to play freeze nag and took us to Tilden Park and Ardenwood Farm to learn about nagriculture. She eats nagged salads containing nagrugula and puts vi-nag-rette on them. She reads Nagatha Christie novels and lifestyle nagazines. She has a very, very sensitive nag reflex, so I'd better write this review now to avoid hearing about it when she's on the nag.My nagging mother can keep nagging me as long as she keeps ordering West Coast Pizza for us when we come over. West Coast doesn't deliver to my house, and they deliver to my parents' house. I bring over a nice salad and some beer, and Mommy orders wings, spicy chicken pizza, and pesto veggie pizza, and everyone is content and glowing with the mass consumption of spicy carbohydrates and alcohol. Thanks Mom, 'cause you're the best. Now if only she would stop bugging me about my rusting spanish, crazy collectible collections, and the state of my feet.In college, I used to love eating cheesy sticks with ranch after harrowing games of Edward Forty Hands.
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,9/9/2011,73,143,6,10,8>All I can say is THANK YOU TRIPLE D!!! I caught Aunt Mary's on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives one afternoon so I immediately bookmarked it on my Yelp page. For my birthday, my friend and I decided to try Aunt Mary's out. I was hoping for a little birthday luck with a shorter than normal wait - okay, I was actually hoping the rain was going to dissuade people from going. Parking was a little tricky but we found street parking less than a block from Aunt Mary's (thank you fellow Yelper who mentioned that it was in between two Korean places - made it super easy to find!). We entered a full lobby and promptly put our name on the list (opting for table or bar). We squeezed in with the rest of the growling tummies. Our name was called in less than 20 minutes!! We sat at the bar and watched the guys cook (one of my favorite places to sit). I ordered a non-fat latte and Pain Perdue which has a disclaimer that it will take about 20 minutes (who cares ... I wanted it - I mean, who doesn't want "French" toast ... I mean baguette that used whiskey and custard as it's sheets the night before - more on that later). My friend ordered the Grilled Shrimp and Grits with Tabasco Gravy. Both these items were showcased on Triple D so we were pretty confident in our orders. My latte was D-LISH!! I just wish it had arrived a little sooner because it arrived about the same time as my breakfast. But the size of it overcame the lack of speed. I did order a non-fat but I'm not sure it actually was. I didn't say anything for a couple of reasons: 1) it was my birthday so it was okay to have a not non-fat day and 2) I was afraid it would take too long to get a new one ... more 1 than 2. They give you brown sugar cubes (or at least they look like brown sugar but they're so hard I'm not sure) which I liked except that they took forever to melt into my coffee - again, not a big deal in my mind. No on to the food. I am STILL (three weeks later) dreaming about the Pain Perdue. Remember that blanket of whiskey and custard? FYI - the bread did not SLEEP the night before; it was rolling around doing kinky stuff with the "sheets" so that we could all enjoy it the next morning. It's then pan fried to brown it then popped in the oven to finish cooking. Once it's ready - they top it with a wine berry compote. OMG - soooo good!!! There is a disclaimer that it will take about 20 minutes to prepare but because it was my birthday it was done much quicker than that (okay, maybe it was just my lucky day). I HIGHLY recommend trying this dish. My friend ordered the Grilled Shrimp and Grits with Tabasco Gravy with a side of bacon. Unfortunately, the bacon never came (boo!!!) BUT the portions here are plenty big and we agreed that we didn't actually need the bacon. While my friend liked her dish; I thought it was lack luster. I love shrimp and grits and I hate to say that I didn't really care for them. I agree with another Yelper who was a little disappointed in the amount of shrimp and I don't know that they were actually grilled. Next time I want to try the Southern Bubble and Squeak .... that is, if I've forgotten about the Pain Perdue.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,9/8/2011,40,78,11,14,15>We sat nervously on the wooden chairs in the hallway awaiting our admittance, much like waiting outside of the principal's office. We weren't sure what to expect, but the two words emblazoned in my head were *SUBMISSION* and *DELICIOUSNESS*. I had made up my mind before coming that it would be worth paying an emotional toll to experience truly fine sushi. As we sat there, I furtively looked up Japanese table manners on my iphone. I reread other Yelp reviews.  Every few minutes I would lean over and mutter, "remember - no elbows on the bar!" or "don't forget, chopsticks parallel to you when not being used!" Finally, a couple got up and left, signaling that our Yume adventure was about to begin in earnest. I almost turned to flee. Could I handle the pressure? Would I make it through, or burst into tears? Was I gonna get smacked? So great was my fear that I fumbled the hanging-of-purse-and-coat, prompting the sushi-matron to offer to do it for me. Had I already failed?I was flooded with mild anxiety when we sat down to the bar. So perhaps you can understand what a shock it was when I took a look around and realized:1. Everyone here is smiling, enjoying themselves, and obviously having a good (and relaxed) time.2. The people to my left have their elbows on the bar. The guy to my right has a bluetooth thing in his ear (not talking on it, of course). People are using chopsticks for the wrong food items. Chopsticks are askew and pointed incorrectly. And no one is being smacked down.3. The scary sushi woman is, in fact, smiling and having a good time. The ultimate question about Yume has nothing to do with the food. It's been settled that their sushi is fantastic, and indeed, it was probably the best I've ever had (I frequent "cheap" sushi restaurants and have never been to Japan). But is good food worth the price of frightening service and hyper-focused table manners? Maybe not, but luckily that wasn't my experience at all. If I didn't know the Yume lore before coming, I would have probably been much more relaxed, but I don't think I would have gotten in trouble. There's a sign outside the door that explains Japanese table manners. That should be your first indication that things are taken just a little more seriously here. As for not using cell phones during your meal, I think this should be observed in any restaurant, especially a small and somewhat fancy one, so it surprises me that this surprises everyone else. The best tip is, yes, to let the chef decide. Maybe order from the menu the second time you visit, but as a first timer, let him show you what he's got. To watch his joy at preparing his favorite selections, and to enjoy things that you may have not thought about trying, is a big part of the Yume experience. And as far as I could tell that evening, being smacked and verbally abused is not.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,9/7/2011,449,368,17,17,18>A tiny little space nestled in the middle of a residential area in the Berkeley Hills, Cragmont Park pretty much serves one purpose, and one purpose only... rock climbing! I was here two weekends ago for the first time on a Living Social Adventures excursion, which consisted of two hours of rock climbing instruction from the team at Castle Rock Climbing School, and a BBQ lunch provided by Looney's Smokehouse (bit.ly/iAgzYa). I'll leave the reviews for those two businesses for later, as this is about the park itself.Cragmont can basically be broken down into two parts - the flat, grassy field and picnic area up top (including a dilapidated half court hoop) with spectacular views of UC Berkeley, downtown Oakland, and the Bay; and the cliff area below, which is used almost exclusively for rock climbing. The cliff provides just about enough room for the folks at Castle Rock to put up eight different courses of varying difficulty.Although I'm no formative expert on the art of rock climbing, I would say that there is an adequate variety of terrain to satisfy individuals of all levels. I am quite amazed at how mother nature could have created this topography suitable for a wide skill range within such compact confines, as if it were sprouted up from the earth specifically for rock climbing.On the side closer to the entrance, the wall is less steep, with more jutting ledges for gripping and securing your footing. As you head further down the path, this is where you can tackle some of the more advanced rock formations. Some are even partially upside down! I was kind of bummed at myself for only being able to go halfway up on the eighth and final course, but later on, I noticed that some of the instructors themselves were having a difficult time. Ahh... self vindication.Although the park is far up into the hills, access is pretty easy, and it is just a straight shot up on the main road (which eventually turns into a small road). 3G access is quite spotty though, so if you are using the GPS on your phone, it may cut out a bit.Would I suggest going all the way up to Cragmont for anything other than rock climbing? Probably not. However, the view alone is spectacular enough that if you are having a picnic, or perhaps you are a guy looking for a romantic, scenic spot to take a girl, it's worth a quick detour.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,9/6/2011,285,169,11,12,11>I was watching my niece and nephews so my sister could have a little break from being a mom. I haven't spent too much time with the kids so I didn't realize they were picky eaters. They are picky and they like to stick to simple foods without too many ingredients or spices. They actually wanted me to take them to McDonald's! As an Elite Yelper, I would not take the kids to a fast food joint. I think it is against the terms and conditions, actually. Thankfully the food gods spoke to me through my Yelp app and told me about Pizza and Curry.Pizza and Curry has a wonderful selection of pizzas with all your favorite Indian flavors, including the option to build your own pizza. I ordered a personal chicken tikka masala pizza and the kids ordered a medium chicken and pineapple pizza. We also got a salad for everyone. The chicken tikka masala pizza is amazing!! It was so good that my picky niece and nephews ended up eating half of it. These same kids had previously said they didn't like Indian food. Ha!If you are in the area, you should do yourself a favor and go to Pizza and Curry and bring me home some left overs ;)
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,9/5/2011,827,179,12,15,13>When you see a huge line outside a store or restaurant, it screams three things: it must be good, don't miss out and join the line!And so as if dutifully adhering to this theory, I was driving past Bakesale Betty one day, spotted the line, parked and joined the excited crowd. Whilst waiting, I had time to check out what was good on Yelp, and saw that the Chicken Sandwich was a must try. One of the best part of this experience must have been holding the huge sandwich, and striding past the even longer line of people outside Bakesale Betty. But I digress. The sandwich is huge, the Coleslaw was really fresh, and the Chicken was well made and crispy. I still find $9 a little pricey for a sandwich, but then again you do get what you pay for.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,9/4/2011,239,220,20,13,13>All my life, I have had a passion for fried foods. My family even had KFC on a bi-daily basis.There used to be a pastrami shop at a gas sation near my place that sold fried Twinkies, Oreos, PB&Js, cookies, and some other stuff. To my misfortune, the day I tried visiting was a week after the place was shut down (no, they didn't kill anybody). I was sad, and Yelped the Bay Area for more. I eventually got impatient, so I ended up buying a pack of Oreos with a gallon of Bisquick and went crazy at midnight on New Years.Someone mentioned Sumo Grub in one of the threads, so I bookmarked it. I was ridiculously excited, ready to eat myself to five hundy!When I finally did, it was a Saturday after. I had BARTed from Fremont for my first meal of the day, to be greeted by a note on the door that told me it was restocking day and that they weren't open until 4:30PM. Boo! So, I ran to a local cafe and loitered for two hours, and then sat next to hobos at the public library.When I did return, it was about 6PM. I had some papusas and platanos maduros, so I wasn't as hungry as a sumo man. Still, I ordered tempura mac n cheese, pizza, Oreos, and a Twinkie. I first had desserts while waiting at the BART station and the rest while I was on the train. The mac n cheese and pizza were like nothing I've had before. There was cheese drizzled on top, and I slathered on the sumo sauce like there was no tomorrow.... Oh lawdy.There was a pain in my stomach, one of the happy kind. You know, the party in your tummy that's trying to handle 150 occupants when the limit is 100. Dang.After that, I knew I had to return for more. Fried Kit-Kats, ice cream, Snickers, cheesecake: I had to try everything!!I forgot about it for awhile. Not about Sumo Grub, but about my longing for more tempura deliciousness.I came back the other night, desperate for tempura mac n cheese and sumo sauce. Somewhere along the road, somehow, I ended up taking the Grub or Die challenge....Wut?Six Twinkies, twelve Oreos, two scoops of ice cream, and cheesecake (which ended up being a stupid brownie because they ran out of cheesecake), all fried with some whipped cream and a slathering of chocolate syrup. All of it had to be gone within fifteen minutes, and none of it could end up in the bucket they gave me.I never had fried Twinkies before Sumo Grub, but I figured it was okay... NOT. Ugh, I ate maybe half. The fried part of the ice cream was actually very tasty, but the ice cream was a brain freeze. The Twinkies were good until I ate too many. The Oreos hardened after awhile, along with the tempura shell... Having someone trying to shove brownie in my face made it all the worse. Ughhhhhh.There was even a boy cheering me on by repeating, "Go Nancy!"They gave me a five-minute extension, but I still failed miserably. They even have a picture of me on their Wall of Shame to prove it (I am Anastasia Beaverhousen). Never again!In the end, I wasn't left feeling full, but I did feel sick of Twinkies and Oreos. I wanted chicken wings, but they ran out. I wanted to fill my bucket with tears...On a brighter note, I'll be taking a blood test soon and I can now be sure that I have diabetes and high blood pressure. Hooray!
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,9/3/2011,91,65,6,12,9>I was looking to "update" my review only to discover ... wow, I haven't written one.  This is a very sweet part of Solano Avenue ... right in the midst of many favorite venues.   Here's how to love Kyoto five stars worth.  It's not a sit-down restaurant.  It's a sushi take-out with a variety of prepared sushi rolls and nigiri sushi in the cold display case.  There's goodies also in the other display case next to the door ... hot cooked items in little to-go bento boxes.  The owner is a sweet lady with the eye and intuitiveness of a mystic.  She manages to know exactly what I have in mind as if she's walking through the gardens of my thoughts and taste buds.  Today after a very fun filled 12-mile loop of trails in Tilden and Wildcat  Parks, I decided it was time for my weekly pescatarian fulfillment meal.  My eyes slid by the display cases and did not see any sashimi.  So I asked the owner if she would make a chef's choice assorted sashimi box for me.  She wanted to know how many pieces, and I said, "About $15 worth?"  Apparently that was a magic number as she pivoted lifting her right hand and saying, "Oh, yes.  I know what you want."  About ten minutes later, I was walking out with my box of assorted sashimi wondering what she had chosen.I found a very warm and sunny table nearby to sit and sip my previously prepared tea while I slowly mixed soy sauce with her ample offering of wasabi paste.  The pickled ginger slices were the right color, not neon pink.  That was a first good sign and made me happy.  As I pulled apart the big thick slabs of red tuna, white tuna, salmon, yellow tail, I realized that I had more sashimi than I normally get for $24 dollars for an evening entree of assorted sashimi.  Of course, I did not have any sushi rice with my dinner which I normally overlook anyway nor any salad nor any miso soup ...  and Kyoto has no overhead investment in tables and the washing of dinner plates.  So this was a very a la carte version of assorted sashimi.  Still!  Really a lot of fish ... and very fresh for a Saturday offering.  Made me very happy, and I could only eat my way through two thirds of the fish and had to pack the rest away for a later meal. Sushi chefs will often note that the fish is bought fresh only on the weekdays.  So fresh tasting sashimi on a Saturday is a sign that this sushi store owner knows how to keep her fish fresh after her Friday purchasing.  And this was really good sashimi, every piece of every one of the four varieties.  And goodness those was large slabs of delicate and tender fish.  I'm so very grateful and full on this beautiful spring-like Saturday.  Yum!  I'll be back regularly for one of my weekly pescatarian adventures.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,9/2/2011,133,424,10,6,9>Tableside Flambe, Baked Alaska, Beef Wellingtons? You can't find these classics much anywhere else these days.Servers, both male and female are dressed in suits with bow-ties. Tables are adorned with white tableclothes and candles. Patrons are mainly over the age of 50, but I don't mind being the youngest in the crowd. I loved watching The Mama's Family, Golden Girls, and Empty Nest. I got Senior Citizen cred yo!Food is good, drinks are super strong, and service is attentive.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,9/1/2011,1027,1954,14,13,10>I never expected to eat one of the best french toasts here.  I'm just going to load up on the Semifreddis Cinnamon Twist Bread and eat that for the rest of my life.  If anyone tries to make me french toast with anything else, I will just scoff at them, throw the bread in their face, and ridicule them for serving me trash.But in all seriousness, I don't even like french toast.  I'm a pancake girl.  And this piece of bread... at Tomate... has the power to convert me.To balance out my sweet dish, I also tried the Harvest Breakfast which is rightly named but could be more so rightly named with something like "What Berkeley eats."  Just look at my picture and you'll agree that even WITH bacon, it screams health nut, hippie, freak.  But don't get me wrong, it was pretty good.The "zucchini cheese cake" or zucchini potato pancakes was really interesting to eat.  The fried apples were neither too tart nor sweet.  The bacon tasted legit... from a lean and happy pig.  And the portions just seemed right.  I shared this with a friend but it's almost like a sample platter of various things that give you more than a tease, but enough to appease.Don't forget to order one of their drinks... a mocha or one of the uber healthy teas.  They're all great!
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,8/31/2011,264,151,9,12,12>Honestly, Nick's is like an old school bar where you find middle aged people drinking crown royal, but for some reason everytime I've gone, something awesome has happened. I've actually met some pretty cool people here, the drinks are decent and the wait staff is pretty local and friendly. I got stuck here on NYE because this was the only place open that wasn't freakin' crowded, but it didn't matter because I was there with friends, so we made the most of it. As far as dive bars go, Nicks is a pretty good choice. Dart board, juke box and old faithful customers... now that's my kind of dive bar!
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,8/30/2011,298,445,9,14,17>Please recycle don't be shellfish!My childhood memories are full of visits to Crown Beach with the family. I had heard tales of the great entertainment center that had once existed there. It was not until I visited the Crab Cove Visitors Center that these tales were verified in glamorous black and white films of the rides, pools, and divers. Wow! In it's heyday it was like a more extravagant version of Santa Cruz.The visitors center is small but mighty with neat exhibits about the bay and a cute gift shop. They also show a great short film about the history of Crown Beach that makes you wish you could have seen it in it's glory day!I love East Bay Regional Park District for providing such great recreation opportunities! You should take the Bay Trail to check this place out.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2010,8/29/2011,587,806,12,16,13>This place is far better than I expected.I have wanted to check this place out since they opened and just never got around to doing it. So, my bff was visiting from S.F and I was trying to think of a decent local joint to sit over drinks and bs... that's when this place crossed my mind.I'm really not much into sports bars though, this place is different.It's a sports bar with kind of a classy edge... It has a very dark and secluded lounge like atmosphere thing going on, nice sultry burgundy and black color scheme throughout, hardwood floors, a really nice bar surrounded by small flat screen t.v.s above, great pool tables, dart games, and a really nice open spacious lounge area arranged with tables that are all enclosed in secluded, nice leather booths......(atmosphere wise) this is definitely my kind of place.They had a list of specialty drinks which looked appealing. I ordered one of there Rasberry like Martinis which was extremely tasty and had a nice kick though, for 8 bucks the martini glass was just a wee bit to small and I probably would not fork out that much dough again for such a weesly sized drink.My friend ordered the Mango margarita which she loved and I was unfortunate to try being that I am allergic to Mango.Overall, I love the atmosphere, the drinks were tasty (just a little too pricy) the service was attentive and friendly and I would actually look forward to coming in again.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,8/28/2011,274,351,10,13,10>Bemvindo, my meat lovers! This is the place for you! $21 per person with unlimited meat, pineapple, plantains and both a buffet and salad bar! I tried every piece of meat here, even the chicken hearts, and loved them all. The best selections were the Cheesesteak, Garlic Steak, Lamb, and Pikanaha cuts. So at least save room for those slices! The cinnamon, brown sugared roasted pineapple and plantains are a MUST as well. Service is great and the severs are always down for a chat. They love talking about meat, football/soccer, and Brazil (go figure). My biggest complaint though is the lack of service when it comes to refilling water glasses. I had to constantly remind the lady at the counter, and usually it took her at least 15 minutes to refill my glass. If this is the norm, than I think she should invest in water jugs for each table. With a $20 coupon from restaurant.com, you really can't go wrong at Pikanha's! There is also a 15% off coupon on their website! Unfortunately, I wasn't able to combine those two offers. Poopie! Obrigada, Pikanha's! I will be back!
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,8/27/2011,389,252,10,12,7>I have been in a battle with myself to join Club One ever since I started working at Kaiser. It's hands down the best gym in Oakland, but that ish doesn't come cheap. The place has everything I could possibly want in a gym and more. There's a locker room with towels, jacuzzi, sauna and steam room. There are tons of cardio machines all equipped with their own TVs (a big selling point for me. Cardio is boring as hell and TV at least makes the time go by faster.) A full indoor basketball court. A lap pool. All the free weights, kettle bells, machines, and floor mats you could hope for. A huge assortment of free classes in addition to pay classes and personal training options. There really is no excuse to miss the gym with this much access at my fingertips. Now the downside. This place is between $88-$98/ month depending on where you work and they charge a "registration fee" (whatever the hell that means) when you sign up. Considering my former gym was about $18/month, that is a huge difference. In truth, I feel good about investing the money in my health even though it is a lot. I figure that if I spend more time working out, and less time drinking/eating out, my body will thank me in the long run.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2010,8/26/2011,968,110,6,13,10>I hate dry cleaning! I would rather buy clothes that don't need it just to save myself the hassle, inconvenience, and money.However, I needed to get a few items seen to, and this place was awesome!  They are so FAST and very friendly.  One time, I needed a shirt in less than 24 hours, and they called me twice to tell me where the delivery truck was so that I could decide if I had time to pick it up before the event I was going to.  It was over and beyond the customer service I expected. Highly recommend this place!
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2010,8/25/2011,1429,411,16,21,18>A main reason I've been missing from Yelp these past few weeks is because I've been helping my Mother-In-Law(not officially, but one of these days) move into a her new condo. Over these past few weeks, I've experienced the highs and the lows of selling, purchasing, and renovating homes and condos. I'm completely spent. While carpet cleaning probably isn't the first thing you think about when I bring up 'buying and selling condos', finding reliable and professional help is. Like I mentioned, I've seen the lows- But Bonadona's Carpet is a very, very high! I used Bonadona once before when leaving an old apartment, and again after Mom's condo had been purchased. These guys from Bonadona's are always on time, always professional, and always do an AMAZING job. They are very personable, they know their stuff, and charge a very low-to-reasonable rate in my opinion. I know we all don't need Carpet Cleaning Yelp reviews everyday like we need our 5 Star Burrito reviews, but trust me, when you're in need- Bonadona's is tops.
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,8/24/2011,275,321,6,11,8>I love coming in here. Wine Thieves is more like visiting a favorite bookstore than wine shopping. Why? The people. Each wine seems to have a story. Some are special orders, some are to be tried, and most have personal write ups. It's just a fun place to browse.The fellows in here always have plenty of time to chat about what you're looking for and make suggestions that will work within your budget. They are also generous with the community, and host frequent fund raisers for the schools.SHopping here is a win/win. It's fun, you'll find some new wines, and you'll be supporting a local merchant that gives back to the community. GO WINE THIEVES!
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2010,8/23/2011,610,620,8,12,11>Tuesday is my least favorite day of the week. Tuesday Morning the store, however, kicks some major re-tail.Ecclectic is an understatement.  Expect to find pretty much anything under the sun. The constants are big discounts and the items are not seconds, irregulars, or factory rejects.Some examples: On one trip I found high end scrapbooking supplies for 30% of what I would have paid for them elsewhere. On another trip, I got a baby doll for a friend's daughter: regularly priced at $79.99...I paid $19.99. On my most recent trip, I found a couple of Disneyana items at 50% off and a $50 hair straightener for $19.99.It's a grand treasure hunt every time you visit.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2010,8/22/2011,301,844,12,14,12>I like Farmers' Markets. However, I don't like getting up early. Ever. And especially not on the weekend. Consequently, I was intrigued and then elated when I saw the sign for the Point Richmond Farmers' Market - from May to October, every Wednesday from 4pm - 8pm! That sign drew me in from nearby Miller-Knox park and happily cost me about $30 tonight.The size is modest but the quality is high, and the market serves as the basis for a neighborhood block party. (Granted, it's only literally ONE short block, but still, it's cool to see so many locals come out and socialize.) Extra credit to the guys at the Afghan food booth who were plying me with samples so rapidly and continuously that I don't think he was kidding when he said he'd feed me dinner. It worked, too, as I bought several items.Given the quaint, charming neighborhood, high quality, and good timing, I fully expect to be back repeatedly!
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,8/21/2011,2712,383,16,24,19>April's leash and collar were pretty much worn out so we thought it was time to replace them. We checked in at Pet Club and all dog shoppers must be on leash to enter the store. This place was huge! We wandered through several wide aisles of pallet racking then found the leash and collar section. They had a variety of sizes, styles and colors. After we explored our options we made up our mind. I grabbed a leash, a collar and a small dog harness all in matching red. Before we hit the register we stalled for a while in between aisles and tried to figure out how to properly install the harness. We asked for assistance and Sean came to the rescue. This young friendly fellow took like twenty seconds to put it on our April. The weird thing was April didn't bark and didn't mind at all which was unusual of her since by nature she's a loud mouth specially when it comes to meeting strangers. I guess she smelt that friendship and trust right from the get-go. In addition to a crapload of pet food and supplies, this store had live fish! But doggone it no credit card purchases allowed. They only accepted debit card, cash or checks only. We paid cash and grabbed a free treat on the way out. Great service! Goodbye pink hello red...
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,8/20/2011,561,82,12,19,15>Restaurants like this remind me that Berkeley is stacked with prime eating options from various countries. Jayakarta does not fall short of perfection, in fact, the food delivers above and beyond.  I have passed this restaurant countless times, but never had a friend who was willing to give it a try. I have finally met a person who not only wanted to try it for lunch but dinner, too. Once inside you'll notice the restaurant is very basic, a no frills kind of place. Usually places with this type of setting deliver with stellar food. My first visit here was for lunch. Prices are $7.95 (2 dishes) and there are plenty of choices to ponder. After much contemplation of what to choose on the menu, we opted for: --Kari Ayam: Yellow chicken curry with potatoes and gravy (Good).--Lodeh Sayur: Mixed vegetables, tofu, and potatoes with coconut milk (Coconut milk makes everything taste better).--Sate Ayam: BBQ marinated chicken on bamboo skewers served with peanut sauce (Yum).--Teryn Belado: Fried eggplant topped with spicy hot chili sauce (Delicious).Each dish is paired with jasmine rice and vegetable soup/Indonesian salad with peanut sauce dressing.The meals were brought out in a 3 tray dish, fresh and ready to be devoured. Everything we ordered was unique, delicious, and left me satisfied which is why I came back for dinner. Little did I know that we would be blown away for the next meal. This time what we ordered was different than our last experience.We had our waiter decide on an appetizer and went with his recommendation. I'm glad we did but I never got the name of that specific dish. Must research. The Soto soup with tofu, coconut milk, and veggies was a perfect side dish to a chilly night. Last but certainly not least was the Mie tek-tek--the answer to all of life's questions lies in this very dish. This noodle dish, a Jayakarta specialty, includes boiled or stir fried egg noodles, sauteed with fried egg, strips of chicken, vegetables, and a spicy sauce. Exquisite. Simply delicious. Down right memorable. It will leave you daydreaming of the smooth, peanut-y noodles that will leave traces of oral ecstasy. My new favorite.So, why did I give it 4 out of 5 stars? Simple. This solely lies with the slow wait to receive the bill. Both times we had to get up and ask for it. However, the food gets a solid 5 stars from this Yelper. If you are still skeptical, I can't help anymore. All I can say is, you've got nothing to lose except some chump change. I plead my case. As for the rest of you who are willing to give it a try, do it. There lies the joys of trying food from a faraway land awaiting to please your curious taste buds.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,8/19/2011,4733,976,12,12,10>If I were to drown in a vat of Naia gelato, it would be a very happy way to go. Does that thoroughly illustrate my obsession?It's a lusty set of flavors they offer, and they are super friendly with the samples, so taste away until you find your perfect match. I love that they incorporate all sorts of locally-sourced goods into the mix like Blue Bottle Hayes Valley Coffee, Semifreddi's Cinnamon Twist, and TCHO dark chocolate. My fave, though, is the pistachio because it actually tastes like pistachios and isn't bright green! Of course, they've got healthy sorbet options too, but I don't mess with that stuff. Even when I come tearing around the corner at 9:55pm with that crazy look in my eye, they never lock me out. Thus, the obsession continues...
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,8/18/2011,883,311,10,10,12>I went here on a super hot girldate (yeah, I get girls. Be jealous).  It is small, but very cute.  The space is filled, but not too claustrophobic.It's kind of a hole in the wall, it's very blink and you'll miss it.Service is quick and very nice (we were very well hydrated).What I liked was how cheap it was, we both got our lunches for about $7, which is awesome for good Thai.And this is good Thai.My veggie friend had a huge veggie tofu dish (for $7!) and she was a big fan.  I got chicken Pad Thai (SHOCKER), which was good. Not as good as Bua Luang (my second home, basically), but I've definitely had worse (cough cough, THEP-NAAREE).  Good flavor, good portions.  I could have used more peanut and chicken, but the noodles were perfect, and that's where pad thai sometimes goes a wry.  It's got a great lunch menu, I would definitely recommend that for lunch.One point tough, it is good but not great. It's not my favorite, but it is a solid cheap eat.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,8/17/2011,424,1322,15,24,25>Great concept-this is apparently the "pilot" for Northern California branching out of this Southern California chain. Like Alexis M. pointed out, it is BEAUTIFUL in there and there are a few kinks to work out in regards to both the line and the ordering system. The daughter and I had lunch here on the early side one day last week. They were in the process of training people so the ordering took a little longer and was a little more confusing than it should have been and I totally concur that the waiting on line after you pay is a bit strange.The food itself was fantastic, fresh, beautifully presented and felt healthy. They were offering free samples of some of their baked goods and not the dinky sized sample one might get at Peet's. The prices are not cheap but not unreasonable either given the freshness and variety. We shared a cup of corn chowder (nice portion for $4.00 and the most reasonably priced item on the menu). For our mains, I had the hot plate and subbed things for how I wanted them (yes, I am one of those). I am not a seared tuna fan so I subbed the fresh salmon that was a special of the day for the tuna with some seriously out of this world mashed potatoes and subbed grilled veggies for the salad. The daughter ordered the Harvest salad that had both fresh raspberries and strawberries, some goat cheese, almonds and I can't remember what else. We were both a little disappointed that most of the lettuce was frisse-something chef's like to use and no one likes to eat. It takes up a lot of space in a bowl or on a plate but is hard to eat, bitter and texturally like hair. Oh well. Additionally, had either of us realized it didn't come with a protein, she would have added chicken or something and upon leaving, I suggested to the management that they add that line to the ordering repertoire. All in all delicious, can't wait to come back and so glad something new and different has arrived to the area!
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2010,8/16/2011,628,530,48,17,18>Susan doesn't care that she has no child to go with, just two other awesome friends.  Susan uses her hard earned $16 to buy herself admission.Susan barrels down all four waterslides.Susan swims faster than humanly possible with the aid of the river pool.Susan dumps, sprays, squirts, splashes her friends in any number of creative ways.  (more creative than those kids for sure!)Susan resists the urge to steal use of attractions from little kids. (fine...the kid can have the inner tube...grumble grumble)Susan waits for 45 minutes for some nachos and simple ceasar salad.  Susan is pretty sure some middle school girl thought we were the same age.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2010,8/15/2011,178,382,12,13,13>Chicken sammies on steroids?? That's an understatement. Not sure if Betty's feeling extra generous at this newest location or what, but these suckers are doubled the size of the ones on Telegraph. I couldn't believe my eyes. Twice the chicken = twice the deliciousness! So cluckin' awesome!There's always an abundant stock of strawberry shortcake here. You can buy one for lunch and then one for the road. Screw the calorie count. Bakesale Betty allows no such thing. Indulge in soft, buttery chocolate chip cookies infused with chunks of walnuts. For $1 a piece, that's just trouble. I bought 3 to take home and only 1 made it back. Look for the black building right on the corner of Broadway & Grand. Still not sure where it is? Just look for the long ass line. Remember to wear stretchy pants.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,8/14/2011,563,337,14,16,17>When it comes to war, the creme de la creme is the US Marine Corps.  On land, air or sea, they have a reputation as the fiercest fighting force around.  Admiral Nimitz (US Navy) saw the marines in Iwo Jima and quoted, "uncommon valor is a common virtue."  General Pershing (US Army) quotes, "The deadliest weapon in the world is a Marine and his rifle."  Well, when it comes to hauling junk.... Kevin is "THE MAN!"  You can quote me on that too.No matter how big or small the job may be... Kevin and his 18 foot dumpster truck will handle it.  AND, he will do it for the lowest price around.  The money I saved by calling Kevin during the remodel of my house is unfathomable.  It took him 2 trips (in his 18 foot dumpster truck) and 2 trips for his buddy (the metal collector) to haul away the enormous amount of junk from the house.  I paid waste management double (what I paid Kevin) to rent a single 14 foot dumpster (that smelled like crap and stunk up the entire neighborhood) for a week.He's fast, efficient, friendly, and will save you BIG BUCKS!
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2011,8/13/2011,378,165,35,40,36>THE LIGHTS ARE ON AT KWIK WAY Gary Rizzo, owner of the Somerset Restaurant in Rockridge has saved this landmark from doom. Offering a more upscale menu, people gather at this once neglected location. With outdoor seating we can enjoy such items as A burger - More of a restaurant burger than a fast food burger. Grilled onions included for no extra charge. Substantial beef patty. Burger with Cheddar A burger with Blue cheese and bacon And the Veggie Burger Sides include the usual Fries, onion rings. But to add another dimension Potato chips. Salads include. Cobb and Caesar Sandwiches sound great with BBQ Pork, with slaw Reuben, and a Club Sandwich. Oh wait there's more Pizza was invited to this party Vegetarian, Pepperoni Sausage. And getting back to some Kwik way history, they have some awesome looking Fried Chicken and Biscuits. I need to get my fat pants on for this place. Want something sweet? How about Banana Cream Pie? Or a Brownie with Vanilla ice cream. And to wash all this down with there are many beverages offered including Pellegrino sparkling water. Yes you heard it, Pellegrino, at Kwik Way. I prefer the Root Beer Float or one of the three milk shakes offered. Or if you need a pick me up, how about Espresso, or a Latte? Maybe a Cappuccino? Yep, again you heard it. At Kwik Way They also offer Hot Chocolate or Mexican Hot chocolate. I won't have any problem going through this menu, but I must say, I miss that Kwik Way sauce that once oozed out of my burger. I can only hope the Mr. Gary Rizzo would consider adding the, Kwik Way classic burger, to his menu. Or call it the Nostalgic burger, or something. just do it, I need that sauce. Mr.Gary Rizzo Oakland applauds you for saving part of History. Thank you. Signed a regular customer since 1958 Betty H
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,8/12/2011,307,317,28,30,24>I'd been trying for years to get Mrs. Z to switch from the competent but expensive Appleby's Carpet Cleaning to someone cheaper. And I've been unsuccessful in making the switch, mostly because of the stories you read about from time to time about some carpet cleaner going off on a criminal frolic in someone's home.Until now. She saw Dry Master's perfect reviews and, in a moment of weakness, agreed to give them a try. Believe the hype!  Sonny does a great job at a great price. He cares a lot about the result and even refused to fully charge us for a sofa he couldn't clean to his satisfaction (even though it looked fine to us.)And, at no additional charge, I am fairly certain that he did not sexually assault anyone, or return to my home later to rob it.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2010,8/11/2011,606,219,12,17,15>If I was just reviewing the pulled pork i'd have to give it 8 stars. The peach cobbler is 5 stars, so is the strawberry.. and their 3 way combo is 4.5 stars. At $18 the combo is a great deal cuz my BF and I always share it and still have plenty of left overs. It's atleast 3 full meals. All that keeps Phat Matt's from being 5 stars in my book is the service. It seems a bit disinterested, a little lazy. I've also seen people around me treated better- until I tip- and then I get my share of the smiles..
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,8/10/2011,294,247,18,20,19>FIVE STARS for Shantee, the server. She was friendly, efficient, and reasonably well-informed about the various choices on the menu. (Okay, so she wasn't quite sure about the price of a wine "daily special." It did taste delicious, but we settled for the House Red as fifteen dollars a glass was a bit beyond our comfort zone.)FIVE STARS for the ambience. Only a truly seasick landlubber would be able to turn away from the beautiful view of the bay.(Shucks, I didn't know that this had been the site of BioRad Labs.. somehow, I thought that august institution had gone straight from startup status in an El Cerrito garage to the large campus in Hercules that it now occupies...Oh, come to think of it...I did hear that it was located on the Richmond waterfront for a time. )FIVE STARS for all the Rosie-The-Riveteers out there. And thank you Richmond, for hosting the museum in their honor. And now for the food...VERDICT, 4.7 STARSI had a hamburger with fries. Probably more meat than I've eaten in a single sitting since the sixties. Definitely high quality...served with tomato, lettuce, purple onion. Let's give the hamburger a 4.9. (One tenth of a star reserved for pzazz...an undefinable quality, which was missing.) And the fries...well, they came in at about 4.5. (Close enough for government issue, as it were.)The eggplant dish looked perfectly fine. I didn't taste it, but the mister seemed to enjoy it. The little cassoule dish appeared to have been prebaked and microwaved. As did the broccoli fronds. Can't be sure...I didn't taste it. 4.5ish on the eggplant.AND YET, and yet... I'm throwing in another category. That would be for down-home pride. You've got to love a place that keeps on truckin' like this one does. Year after year after...FIVE STARS for a perfect go-to place...right here at the edge of the bay. The East Bay.We'll be back.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,8/9/2011,1137,482,17,6,11>Last weekend there were 3 bar brawls at 3 separate bars all in 1 city...where you may ask?...downtown Walnut Creek!...just YouTube 'Shiro fight' if you find this hard to believe.Since we're not the type looking for a free front row seat for a Friday Night Smackdown, we decided to head out of the 'burbs in search of good drinks in a low-key setting free of Tool Academy wannabes.  Never thought we would head out from Walnut Creek into uptown Oakland for drinks...but that's exactly what we did.  And boy was it a great decision!This place has a great relaxed feel to it.  Decor is classic but still chic.  Bartenders are nice guys.  Music was right up our alley.  Crowd was super mellow...unexpected predominance of hipsters.  Specialty cocktail menu is creative and more importantly tasty.  At a reasonable $8/cocktail, we tried 5 different drinks during our Friday night chillaxing session.  My personal fave was the Elderflower Caipirinha...excellente.If you want to avoid the drama of certain local bars, seriously head out to Oakland and check this spot out...we definitely will again!
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,8/8/2011,723,405,24,25,22>I arrived at Scream Sorbet just before 11:00am - a full hour before they open at High Noon.  Within moments,  Co-founder and Evil-Genius, Noah Goldner was at my side, keys in hand, ready to indulge my ongoing love affair with the most decadent sorbets in this solar system.It's okay for you to be jealous.  As per usual, Noah is in "Willy Wonka Mode" - Gene Wilder hair, piercing eyes and eclectic attire that one associates with people who have temporarily discontinued their medications... or are impossibly brilliant in an effortless manner.  He is definitely the latter.I have this Sorbet Speakeasy all to myself, and I am giddy - as always - to cross the threshold into Epicurean Ecstasy.  Promised Palate Land, here I come!The ingredients are fastidiously sourced, pure, local and seasonal.  Note to self: ask Stephen Hawking how it is feasible for dairy-free, gluten-free, organic products you can usually count on one hand to be so damn delicious.A more accessible and mind-blowing option is to do the kitchen tour and tasting for a song and emerge a more enlightened gourmand who is truly in the know about the Sexy Science of Scream Sorbet.  The Coconut Thai Basil remains a perfect conundrum: cold, sweet, savory, herbed and nothing short of amazing.  I love to watch people taste it for the first time - it's culinary whiplash - wide eyed, heads jolted back and the inevitable OMG factor.  You *must* have the Ice Cream Sandwiches - this alone is a Destination Dessert - Almond Pink Peppercorn embraced by 72% Askinosie Chocolate goodness.  It is nigh impossible to be nonchalant about this delicacy.  Generous in proportion and a TKO on the tongue, you might just feel a bit guilty eating a second.  Today I  was loving on:* Strawberry Lemon* Macadamia Vanilla  (I know, right?)* Satsuma Mandarin* Moro Blood Orange* Cranberry Lime* Hazelnut Coffee (made with Blue Bottle!)* Keitt Mango* Pistachio* Coconut Thai Basil* Honey Mandarin* Pomegranate (Antioxidants are good for you!)* Lime Sage... And when I came to, I was sharing a chalice of sorbet with the leopard mascot on the counter.  Because that's how I roll, son!P.S.: I just want to let everyone know in advance that for your next birthday, anniversary, wedding, baby, break-up, engagement, or Festivus, you're getting Scream Sorbet, because I'm totally doing the Gift Certificate with bonus savings.  Not because the economy is yucky, or because I'm cheap - it's because I love you. * * To my corporate clients: I may or may not love you, but I still want YOU to love me.  And to land that big account we're wooing.  Scream Caters and is not a generic gratuity.  Just saying. Okay... that's the sorbet talking... errrr... Screaming.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2010,8/6/2011,643,560,11,9,6>You know that stereotype that gay hairdressers are better? Well, Danny does nothing to break it. He's sooo FABULOUS! Friendly, warm, funny, honest, cute...all that you'd ever want in your gay best-friend!I saw him work his magic when he used to work at Jade. People would line up for him and make advance appointments. He was exclusive and Jade's best kept secret! But now since he has his own shop, I can finally get my hands on him!My bestie and I came in wanting trims or cuts and 5 minutes before sitting down in the chairs we looked at each other and said, "LET'S GET BANGS!". Hey now, that's a risky move but we had a feeling Danny would take care of us. She got straight across "china bangs" and came out even more babelicious than before. I got side swept bangs and really love it (posted pictures). I was thinking of getting hi lights but we were the last customers so I knew he didn't have time. When I got my hair hi lights else where else she looked at my cut and exclaimed "he did a wonderful job with your cut!".Usually places will rush things when they are near closing but Danny had none of that. While the front doors were closed, he was still giving us 100% of his attention and made sure to finish every last detail. He said this after the cut and it had us giggling and laughing all the way out "Hey, girls...you gotta say I banged you good". Both of us have to admit, Yes, Danny banged us good!
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2010,8/5/2011,330,444,12,12,13>3 words- Kama Sutra Chocolate!  Positions of the Kama Sutra in chocolate!?  Awwwww yeah!  Bring that to any swingers/bachelorette/Yelp party/ Indian Potluck, and it will be a hit, I guarantee it!  This place reminds you that chocolate is truly an aphrodisiac. Among the interesting flavors, somewhat strange and unconventional chocolate products they carry;  they also serve hot chocolate.  Damn, it is good hot coco, ain't no Swiss Miss, no no! I was here with my Mom, who is a See's lady all the way, and she found the flavors and selection of non-milk chocolate unappealing.  Perhaps The Xocolate Bar is for the more adventurous?  I bought 4 pieces and slowly savored them over a couple of months.  Very nice and very intense.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2011,8/4/2011,187,301,15,13,12>Holy crap! I'm in love! Best (read: painless+fast) Brazilian EVER. If it weren't for the Yelp Deal I would have never ventured to this side of College Ave...and now, I don't think I can ever go back! 1) Love online booking (maybe it's a control issue?) 2) Love that it's Bart-able3) Love the intimate, stylish space4) Love Merritt for being a natural conversationalist 5) Love that it was literally done in 15 minutes FLAT, boyeeeeee (and yes, that is my Flava Flav voice)!!!  I'm talking 15 minutes from the moment I put down People magazine in the waiting area to paying at the reception. WTH?!?! Does...not...compute (robot voice)...How is that even possible?!?! Why do I keep using all these stupid voices??? This woman is like the Wonder Woman of Waxing!  Icing on the cake: numbing spray; cookies in the waiting area; no purple leftover wax bits to rip out of my woman parts---they have a lotion to help remove any leftover stickiness! Ye-yah!
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,8/3/2011,317,326,12,13,11>I am so upset with myself for living under a rock for the first year I lived in Concord, and being completely oblivious to the Thursday afternoon/evening Music and Market thing they have going on in Todos Santos Plaza!  I just recently discovered it, and now my daughter and I look forward to going each week.Aside from having tons of locally grown  fresh produce at excellent prices, they have tons of other goodies as well (our favorites are the kettle corn stand and the zucchini bread guy).  Last week I finally got to try the fish tacos from Cholita Linda, and now I can't wait to get more this Thursday.  And there's so much more that I want to try (mostly the stand with all the pastries!)What makes this farmers market a little more special (in my opinion) is the atmosphere.  It is such a great family setting, and (forgive me if this sounds super corny) but whenever I go there, it seems like all is right in the world, at least for the short time that I'm there.  It's such a great place to unwind and enjoy a little music and food.  If you're ever in the area on a Thursday afternoon, I'd highly suggest stopping by.
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,8/2/2011,1948,4780,13,25,24>My guess is that there are plenty of Cal Students who spend their 4 years here and walk right past this place without giving it a second thought. I first noticed this Museum on the way to class a few weeks back and had some time recently to take a look. And I'm glad I did!The Phoebe A. Hearst Museum of Anthropology was founded in 1901. The original goal of the museum was to support systematic collecting efforts by archaeologists and ethnologists to support a department of Anthropology at the University of California. The Museum was originally located in San Francisco from 1903-1935, when it moved to the UC campus. On the Berkeley campus, the Museum was located in the former Civil Engineering Building until 1959, when it was moved to the newly built Kroeber Hall. This museum was also the final residence of Ishi, who lived there from 1911 until his death in 1916.The Museum houses an estimated 3.8 million objects plus extensive documentation that includes field notes, photographs, and sound/film recordings. Major collections include:- Approximately 9,000 California Indian baskets, representing almost every tribe in California and all of the region's basketry techniques.- A broad collection of approximately 20,000 ancient Egyptian artifacts.. - A large Peruvian collection, especially strong in pottery and textiles.- Approximately 16,000 African artifacts - An important collection of Oceanic objects, including collections from the Trobriand Islands and from excavations in Fiji and New Caledonia.It's all free (with a suggested voluntary donation) and well worth your time, including an extended look or even study.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,8/1/2011,372,752,11,13,13>This is my first time trying Peruvian food but it's not going to be my  last! :) Food: 1) Cerviche: Raw seafood lightly cooked through the acidity of the lemon juice that its soaked in. I LOVED this dish! Best dish of the night! Sounds kinda weird, but it tastes SOO GOOD! This dish had slices of fish, squid, and shrimp accompanied with some raw onions and some corn on the cob. And like I said, this is all soaked in some deliciously flavored lemon juice! Great appetizer to jump start the meal and get your appetite going! 2) Steamed Trout: Not my favorite. The trout had a good "steam fish" consistency but the flavor was not there. It was very bland, even with the sauce that it was soaking in. I just felt like this dish could have used more flavor or spices. Not to mention, you didn't get very much of the fish either, it was either served in a plate that made the fish look really small or you just didn't get a very large proportion, or maybe it's a combo of both of these factors... 3) Seafood Paella: I was totally craving this so when I saw this on the menu I HAD to order it!! And it did not let me down! The seafood was FRESH and so tasty! The rice was at a good consistency! WELL DONE! YUM!4) Large corn kernels + green dip: green dip might have been avocado? Not sure...but it tasted pretty good with the large corn kernels. This was complimentary. Service: The waitress was the owner. She's very friendly and good at recommending dishes to you if you have no clue what to order. She kept checking up on us to see if we need anything and how we liked the dishes! She even reminded us of the extra 20% discount for Cal students when we paid so we could save some money! She's awesome!Ambiance: Literally a hole in the wall! I would have NEVER seen this place from the outside. It's like a mini hidden plaza, and this Peruvian place is tucked away inside this plaza cave. And when you walk in, you are bombarded with a ton of other neighboring restaurants located inside this cave of wonders. The restaurant itself is pretty small and very standard looking. There are cool Peruvian paintings on the wall. But just your average looking restaurant. Nothing too notable. Price: It's pretty pricey, but I think they compensate for that by giving larger portions (except for the fish). I think everything you order you can share with 2 people (maybe 3 if you don't eat that much). The meal came out to be around $40 even with the 20% discount. Overall: First time eating Peruvian food and I think I'm in love! I think I will definitely come again for that cerviche! YUMMY!
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2011,7/31/2011,576,2303,4,9,9>More utter genius as I went to help with Bakesale for Japan (thank you, Samin Nosrat) this afternoon, conveniently located just outside of Gioia...(please, I exhort you to help our brothers and sisters overseas....do whatever you can)for lunch, one slice of Julian sausage, kale, garlic, and chili flakes...perfect. Specials have been upped to $3.5/slice now.for dinner, I am going to try the asparagus with ricotta....looks ridiculously mouthwatering. And, as usual, long line out the door....especially on yet another gorgeous afternoon.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,7/30/2011,198,50,8,12,14>I first started coming to Cheese 'N' Stuff my freshman year of college, when with the Cal tennis team.  A noble sponsor of Cal athletics, Sam knows how to take care of his athletes -- keeping them fed, energized, and faithfully supported.  For us, he made sure to have sandwiches, drinks, and sides ready -- for all the players, managers, coaches, and even the chair umps -- every day of every tournament, and all of the matches too.   My favorite was always pepper turkey with pepper jack cheese on a sourdough roll, hold the mayo.  The sandwiches are huge, filled with the freshest deli ingredients, and perfectly assembled with careful attention to the proportions of each ingredient and every topping.  These days I am not playing as much tennis as I used to, and have since graduated.  But, when I'm in town I always make a point to stop in for a sandwich -- and more importantly to say hello to Sam.  On my most recent trip back, Sam greeted me with an endearing "Hello stranger! Long time."  He then proceeded to fix up my usual order as we caught up with local news, sports, and each other's lives.  Thanks Sam, for always having my back!
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,7/29/2011,78,98,12,13,11>Do you know what I love about Farmstead Cheeses & Wines? Okay, pretend for a moment that you're a cute little mouse.--a cute one, not an ugly nasty one that eats nasty things. Think Ratatouille or Cinderella. I imagine myself much like Gus Gus from Cinderella. One day, Gus Gus, you finally decide to get out of your little mouse hole to see what other greater cheeses might be out there. And then you run into Farmstead. The people at Farmstead are as kind and as welcoming as, well, let's just say Cinderella! The owner (Jeff), greets you with a smile. Although you feel embarrassed or unsure because of your naivete, Jeff is simply kind because he knows that you've had only a limited taste of the world, but also knows that it is your nature to enjoy all the other fine things that you have yet to experience. So he gets to know you and asks you what sort of cheese you like. And even if you don't know, he just starts cutting away at an unknown glory, offers it to you, and waits, with a cheerful curiosity, to see how you like it and what you think. Not satisfied? Is that the right texture you want? Something stronger? Are you having wine? If so, what sort? If not, would you like to find some?These are the questions Jeff asks you--no matter how long it takes--, because Jeff really does care about his craft and wants you to be a part of it. So when you finally pick out the cheese that you desire--and here's the best part!--you run back into your little mouse hole, with what seems more like a gift than it is a purchase, and enjoy that cheese in the intimacy of your own home or with true companions, without strange bystanders or snobbish people as you might sometimes find at wine bars.And you feel so excited to have come out of your little mouse hole to explore the world, and even more excited to have found Farmstead Cheeses and Wines. Jeff invites you back on Friday's for wine tasting events. And he adds you to his mailing list so that you'll be notified of special deals or activities. Hooray for being a happy little mouse!--Yes, that's what I love about Farmstead Cheeses and Wines. You feel like a frickin' mouse from Cinderella: getting the best sort of cheese and wine that your heart desires from the best possible cheese monger around!
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,7/28/2011,145,164,10,13,12>Yeah I am Asian and yes some of us like Country Music too! I've only recently been expanding my music selection to Country and it is really growing on me. :) This review is almost an essay but I have to lay it down. There's no other way. I grew up in Fremont but I have never set foot inside the Saddle Rack because I thought I was too "school for cool" (Pink) and I was a snob because it was all about hip hop and R & B. Things have changed and I've grown up and I find myself relating to country music more and more. The pain, the sorrow, the love. They just pick up a guitar and sing it like it is! haha. Some people will turn their nose up and say "Ew but its in FREMONT." So F'in what? I am proud of Fremont for even having a bad ass place like this! You should be happy that it is right in our backyard and we don't always have to travel into the city for a good time. I was curious to see what was in store for me and I was also excited to mingle with Cowboys. ;) I met my GF's there around 11:45. parking was not a problem. It was a Sat night and I was not shocked that there was a cover charge but I was shocked that it was $20! I quickly got over that because there was so much to see and I was ready to dance off all the food I ate earlier. The place is huge and I liked the Barnyard feel to it. The ceilings are high and you won't feel claustrophobic. There are 3 "Saloon" bars, plenty of seating, a dance cage (this is never a good idea if you are drunk, but it is entertaining to watch the drunks), an Oxygen Bar, a huge dance floor, and a large stage for the band. Oh and yes, a mechanical bull if you are into that! The live band, Diablo Road, was awesome and they know how to keep the crowd pumped. They also mixed some current top 40 songs in there, some Katy Perry, B.O.B, Lady Gaga, Enrique, so everyone was happy. The dance floor was always full. I've never seen caucasians get down like this. I was lovin it. All the cowboys were so polite too and I found it adorable when they lifted their hats and smiled as they passed by. Teehee.This place is a Hootin'Hollerin good time! The atmosphere is really chill. Put your reservations about Country music aside and experience this place for yourself GO NOW!
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,7/27/2011,414,346,8,8,9>Little Pear is...well...little.  It has taken over the hookah bar and the same is small.  However, it works for the type of food it serves and is mainly a breakfast and lunch type of place.  It's amazing how they have a restaurant in such a small space.  It holds maybe 5-7 tables inside and a patio outside which will be nice when the weather gets better.We came here for lunch and our service was great and the staff was friendly.  It was warm and cozy inside decorated for the holidays.  Their menu had a lot of good things to choose from which is a good thing.  My husband and my Mom both had great meals and I had an good grilled cheese.  My only thing about the grilled cheese was that it was more cheese than bread.It's affordable and close by which is wonderful and a good addition to Blackhawk Plaza.  I look forward to trying this place for breakfast or brunch soon!
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,7/26/2011,64,621,4,8,10>If you're an open-minded vegan eater, and enjoy healthy LIVE food that hasn't had all of the beneficial bacteria & enzymes cremated out of it & you enjoy really good creative food...Cafe Gratitude is for youuuuuu!!!!!!The food here is also organic, some is even locally grown, and they have TONS of raw vegan options, as well as some warm food! I've tried a lot of dishes here, and the food is way better than the Cafe inside of the Oakland Whole foods, there are also more options here too!The food is really hard to explain because they have pizza (called "I am SENSATIONAL"), but it's not a traditional pizza with dough, cheese & tomato sauce...the pizza is made from hemp seed basil pesto & olive tapenade on buckwheat sunflower seed flatbread crust served with a side salad. It's actually quite filling, and VERY GOOD!!!!They also have raw "milkshakes" here too, which are AMAAAAAAZING! I'm addicted to the mint chocolate chip one...but I manage to control myself by filling up with food first so dessert isn't as tempting! Evvvverything here is great, they even make their own raw desserts, truffles, chocolates, and pies!Every time I come here, I'm truly amazed by the delicious vegan dishes that can be made from raw food!! It's also nice to be able to look at a fairly large menu & be able to order ANYTHING on it!If you haven't stopped by, you should! They also have daily specials that change each day, and those are also really good! As picky as I am, I haven't eaten anything here that I didn't like, or that I wouldn't eat again...that's saying a lot! The food being extremely healthy is the best fringe benefit!!
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2011,7/25/2011,351,380,8,13,15>it's like alice waters personally blessed this place and said go forth and feed people. there are a lot of small touches that convey their commitment to earth/food love, without getting overly hippie on you. the room is big and open and filled with natural light and wood tables and floors that look comfortably worn in. the huge wood-fired oven makes the airy space feel comfortable and cozy. above the open kitchen is a chalkboard detailing which farm their seasonal veggies are from. they have things on the menu like kale salad and cashew "cheese". they make their own sparkling water--of course they do. and what's even cuter is that they serve it in glass milk bottles. the food is simple and earth-driven--no bells and whistles, but they do know how to pair it all to get the most flavor out of their veggie influenced menu. the meat they serve is quality and sustainably raised. my sister had a shredded beef sandwich on thick crusty bread that was super flavorful and tender.my mom and i shared the kale salad with pine nuts, roasted root veggies, and parmesan cheese. and the wild mushroom pizza. i love me some kale, and i was quite happy with the salad. altho i would have preferred it more room temp than cold, esp since they served it with the root veggies. the pizza was the just the way i like it, thin, crispy, with the perfect amount of doughy chew to the bubbled crust. and those mushrooms were full of wine-y, earthy flavor. the service is friendly and down-to-earth. i def want to head back for brunch or dinner. you walk out of here satisfied, but also feeling like you did something good for your body.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,7/24/2011,168,242,10,9,10>Little Star makes the best deep dish pizza I've ever had--hands down, ass up.I've always found Zachary's to be a little gross, even though the rest of everyone seems obsessed with it.  LS, on the other hand, fixes everything that Zachary's does to wreck their pizza.  First, the cornmeal rolled crust is a technical triumph, giving you just the right amount of chewy before the "Snap!"  Second, their sauce tastes fresh and doesn't overwhelmingly dominate the pizza with oily grossness.  Third, when you're done eating, the pizza isn't stupid heavy in your stomach, but you will feel a little food pregnant because it is still pizza.I went there with a friend on a sunny Sunday, ordered a large deep dish (we're both monsters).  They told us it'd be 35 minutes or so, so we proceeded to order $1-off draught Racer 5s until it was pizza time.  Once pizza time arrived, it was magical.  We did half "Little Star" and half "Classic," and it was all awesome.  In addition to the crust and veggies, I am a huge fan of their cheeses and sausage.  They just know how to make a good pizza.  We finished the whole thing and a couple of beers a piece, but it was a struggle.  Again, note that we're monsters, and this would usually be adequate for 3-4 people.Since that day, my friend in the department and I have been conspiring to convert our department over to LS.  It's a worthwhile endeavor.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,7/23/2011,151,178,10,13,12>Fate can be a funny thing ... and sometimes wrapped in delicious irony.  Read on.Took my bud Jeffers to Alameda for lunch at Chinese-Pho joint mentioned in SFgate's "Bargain Bites" last week. Alas, closed on Mondays, which left us hungry and without a Yelp back-up (note to self: buckle up and get that iPhone already). Cruising up & down Park St., one place stood out: Scolari's. Tiny hole-in-the-wall, five stools for seating inside, 2 small tables outside (though many if not most patrons have their food brought to Lucky 13 bar next door). The menu, though small, was enticing, as were the specials. We both ordered the falafel burger ($9) and a shared garlic scampi fries ($6.5). While waiting, a lady engaged in lively chat with the chef received the "Cindy's Salad" with chicken, which looked amazing ... as did the ham & cheese sliders and a burger which the waitress brought to the bar.Our food? I'm very picky about falafel, and this burger was damn delicious -- crunchy outside, moist inside. Moreso, the dressing, fresh butter lettuce and soft bun were ideal compliments. The scampi fries -- twice-cooked, deep golden brown, were near-perfect, with the garlic, lemon & chili putting them over the top.During our lunch, I was talking about Star Meats, and the chef overheard (it's a *really* small place). I tell him how much I love the sandwiches there -- and it turns out he not only used to work there, but was the CREATOR of the specialty sandwich recipes. Even has one sandwich named after him & one after his brother!  I mentioned I had heard they brought a consultant from the East coast for their awesome tuna salad recipe -- the chef said "yeah... that was me." Call me a groupie but this moment was like a popcorn lover meeting Orville Reddenbacker.The meal was capped off by two complementary slices of stromboli -- I think they probably heard me swoon when it was brought out to the front before (thanks!). If you go for no other reason, go for the stromboli -- ham, salami, pepperoni & mozzarella. Softer (almost croissant-like) pizza dough wrap than what I'm used to on the East coast, but just as good if not better.Reviewer M.D. mentions "great things are simple" -- so  true. I'd add that when simple ingredients are of excellent quality and prepared with passion, they attain excellence. And from Star Meats sandwiches to Scolari's, chef Michael Henry's fare is a testament to that philosophy.  A solid 4.5 stars -- I need to return and try more of their offerings for that fifth star.  Oh and that Pho/Chinese restaurant? I'll be back to try it, but in the meantime, I'm delighted they were closed so I could discover Scolari's.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2011,7/21/2011,934,159,17,19,19>Ching is awesome! She's a down to earth person and not pretentious at all. She talks to you about what you use, your daily skin regimen, diet, etc. She is very easy to talk to. I've been going to her for a few months and have noticed the improvements. She also has some great products too. Very affordable and she works around your schedule for appointments. I 'll continue to see her for a while. Cute little, relaxing office as well.
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2010,7/20/2011,423,725,9,11,13>6 stars!!  Gorgeous, well-lit, sexy little wine bar with the best seating I have ever seen at an enoteca.  We came here after a YEE at Élevé for a friend's (early) birthday celebration and to get away from the craziness.  Hint: checking in with the note "afterparty" will let everyone you want to know know where to go when they're done with the frotteur's paradise that is a Yelp Elite Event.Slide into the chairs here, more comfortable and classy than any I have seen at an enoteca, and marvel at the extensive wine library that you are encouraged to browse and take a bottle from to be poured by their staff.  The wine library is an excellent backdrop for photos (hello Aaron G!) for that sophisticate who wants a shot next to his "wine collection."Cheese plates are on the menu, and you can also have wine by the glass of course if you don't go the bottle route.  Service is attentive but laid back and not unctuous.Big bonus points for a place that could be very stuffed-shirt and pretentious having an overly remastered HD version of Caddyshack on the giant LCD in the middle.  The R-rated version had a few more topless scenes than I remember and more Chevy then you would ever want to Chase.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2011,7/19/2011,622,441,10,13,13>I was so excited that this place was finally open, so I went for a late lunch on Wednesday.  Actually, I went for a porchetta sandwich run to the cart in front of Plum, dropped off the sandwiches in my car, which was conveniently parked in front, & went in for lunch.  The guy at the cart said he wanted to check this place out too.This is a sit-down (sit down & order), but casual place.  The emphasis is on rice bowls, but they do have some apps & salads.  I got the pork belly with farm egg on top--pork & egg were very good, I would've liked just a little more pickled veggies in the dish, & my rice was OK (I had compared notes with a friend who'd been there earlier in the day for lunch after seeing that he'd checked in about 1 hr before I was there, & his rice was way too overcooked).  I also had a Thai iced coffee--good.  I had wanted to try dessert too, but their desserts are all soft serve based, & I was told that the machine was not working the day I was there.  I would love to go back (preferably with other people so I can try more things at once) & try more items on the menu.Staff was nice; gave me change for my dollars so I could feed the meter.  I asked for an ice water along with my meal & drink, & they gave me water with ice in it. Looking around, it looked like their norm was just water, no ice--so thanks!There's smaller tables & some long communal tables, lots of windows.On NE corner of Webster & 23rd.Sad that I forgot my camera that day & had to use my phone camera with poorer quality photos.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,7/18/2011,506,510,7,11,8>Burgermeister offers two for one omelettes on Sunday mornings. I think I could possibly order two for myself but I think that would make me a total glutton. I ordered a three egg omelette ($8.95) with three toppings (canadian bacon, bell peppers & avocados), country fries plus a choice of toast, muffin or fruit. Also available is an all egg white omelette for those watching their cholesterol levels. The omelette was very flavorful and the added ingredients gave it added zest. In taste comparison I think this omelette is highly rated compared to other breakfast establishments I have visited and I highly recommend it.  You will probably catch me in one of the booths reading the Sunday sporting page stuffing my face with one of the tasty omelettes.Very good service.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2011,7/17/2011,1328,395,10,13,11>It was way past my time to get a haircut.  I didn't have a lot of money to spend and wanted to get it all over with quickly! The last few haircuts just hadn't turned out that great, so going to a salon, even for just a routine trim seemed like a necessity, not a luxury. I feel lucky that I ended up walking to Focus salon. My friend Chris C. recommend me to come to this place and ask for Kenny. Kenny was my stylist today by appointment (I made an appointment 1 week in advance). When I came inside, I met up with Kenny for my appointment. He told me to wait for a while (probably because he has a client and I was there 30 minutes earlier than my appointed time). He called me up for shampooing and massage. he did pretty well and I loved the smell of the shampoo as well. I just wished that the massage was a bit longer...Then he wrapped around a towel around my head and proceeded to the hair section chair. There was an assistant who was very friendly and sincere (at first I was very skeptical that she was going to cut my hair because Kenny left to that back. But she was only blow drying my hair). I like how she cares about me, asking if the blow dryer gets too hot. That was the longest blow drying I have experienced in my life time. She really did a fantastic job on blow drying my hair.Then Kenny came back and offered me water (Wow! Do any salons offer water but this one?! I felt like a prince for one day). He precisely cut my hair and looked at every single strand of my hair like Edward Scissorhands. This guy is no joke... He is not a person to really socially talk to; I was trying to open him up because he is very VERY serious with his hair work and satisfying every customer. He is super advance in cutting skills. I look at how he cut my hair, and it looked so simple but required advanced techniques. Afterward, I went to a part 2 hair wash (Wow! I love having my hair washed). Back at the chair, he did even more detailed cutting on my hair again; he applied some wax and styled my hair. He even taught me how to blow dry and style it the right way. This whole process lasted over 1 hour. I felt like a prince for once. Overall, I was satisfied! He did everything I asked for in a haircut with personality and style. This salon had a nice laid back vibe with creative and professional staff.Pricing is no joke either. Mine came out to be $34 + $6 tips. But it's well worth your money as this saying goes: "You get what you pay for." Definitely a new favorite for my hair now. Thank you for today, Kenny!
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2010,7/16/2011,1020,575,16,19,18>This was quite some time ago when I tried their cupcakes, but they were so good that they left a big impression on me.So one day when Loves was going to work with his cousin's hubby over in Livermore, I ask Loves, "Do you mind getting me a cupcake from this one bakery off of Vasco? I hear it's supposed to be really good." He said, "Okay...sure."He comes home with this ginormous BOX of 13 cupcakes...the sight so beautiful, I gushed out numerous strings of "OMG's" and "What were you thinking?!?!?" But deep inside I was thinking, "This is a ton better than getting a bouquet of roses! Oh hells yeah."The notable cuppycakes:*The PB&J cupcake -- peanut butter icing and filled with grape jelly on a white cake. So delish!*Red Velvet -- Classic, not too chocolatey*The Reeses Peanut Butter cupcake -- Wow. Peanut Butter galore. This knocked my socks off.These cupcakes were delish and ginormous in size...you really do get the bang for your buck. Also, if you buy a dozen, you get one free. And yes, I had to share all my cuppycakes since I couldn't simply eat them all even within a week.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2010,7/15/2011,237,521,11,13,11>This spot is on "tilt."  No seriously, it's tilted.  We realized that we were sitting about 1/2 foot lower than the far east side of the room, and 1/2 a foot higher then the far west side of the room.  Bizarre.Since this was our first visit, we decided to choose more items than we usually would.  Before we ordered, we were brought tea and a plate of sweet roasted peanuts and some spicy pickled veggies.  We all loved the peanuts and didn't care for the pickled veggies.I started to choose the green onion pancake, but our waiter suggested that we have the beef stuffed pancake instead.  It was one oval shaped sesame pancake that was split in 1/2 (like a sandwich) and filled with sliced beef, shreeded onion and plum sauce.  It was good, but probably something I wouldn't order again.My daughter's chicken clay pot was very good and the chicken was extremely tender.  My honey bunny ordered the shrimp dish that was served on sizzling rice.  He and my daughter liked it, but personally it wouldn't be one that I would have again.  I ordered the handpulled noodles with the ground chicken (usually they use pork, but the changed it for us) and spinich.  It was very good and I would order it over and over.  The dry stringbeans were some of the best we've ever had.  They were extremely fresh and perfectly cooked.The service was excellent, everyone was attentive and friendly.Dinner for 3 was $55 plus gratuity.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2010,7/14/2011,833,1145,9,12,9>Finally, an izakaya in town. Upon hearing about this establishment, I found myself between mixed feelings. I was excited to say the least, but also wary that someone in Berkeley can pull off something quite so inherently traditional, yet easily susceptible to becoming fusion cuisine. But I've found that there is definitely a lot of attention to detail in this place, which is apparent right from the storefront, which is conveniently located in a prime location already. It's inconspicuous and modest, but with a nice open patio area for standing room only. The wooden structures inside the building are all salvaged wood material from around the city and other neighboring cities, bought from a local wood recyclery. Again, there is definitely a lot of thought put into this place and I expected no less for a business who wants to make it big in Berkeley, a city with a plentitude of fine eateries.We started off with a complimentary wedge of cabbage served with some housemade mayo. While the mayo is meant to serve as a dressing to complement the cabbage, I found that it is really there to serve to complement the mayo, it being the main feature.Not only do they serve yakitori and kushiyaki, they boast a sochu list of 32 different kinds and 24 are on tap! There are also a couple of beers on tap and a few more bottled, but you should forget those as they're easier to find. Beside, the Hitachino is way too overpriced. We tried a selection of the yakitori and I've found my favorites to be either the bacon wrapped mochi or the chicken liver. The chicken breast seemed to be the least favorite, but it was still good. I also like that they use plenty of lemons here, which they put a dash of ramen seasoning with. It most certainly added to the chicken. The pork belly came with some miso paste, which I wonder if it is housemade also.The service here is quite good, but since they are new, they were definitely aiming to please. Don't be afraid to ask questions or to ask for recommendations. The bartender is very knowledgeable and the servers are eager. Even if they don't have the answer for you right away, they will ask someone who does and not try to steer you in the wrong way. Our server seemed a little nervous, but I'm sure he'll feel more comfortable in time.To top it all off, they have brought in Japanese toilets!! I definitely utilized all the features they offer (water efficient flush options, heated seats, blow drying, front and back cleansing) as I had to make multiple trips with all the liquids in me. The trip to the restroom was definitely pleasant, but only then do you realize all the smoke from the grill that is confined in this tiny narrow restaurant. One thing I hope for in the future is some better ventilation, but the I guess the high ceiling helps for now.One thing I would tell future goers is to practice proper etiquette. Not only will the experience be more enjoyable for you, but for others as well. So check in on your mobile apps at the door, take off your shoes at the table, sit back, and relax. Unfortunately, this place is on the expensive side so I'll only be able to afford this luxury once in a while...
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,7/13/2011,547,730,17,11,9>When I first moved up to the Bay last summer, I wanted to find a good dry cleaner.Being half-Korean, I muttered a stereotypical joke to myself about Koreans and dry cleaners as a conducted a search around Hayweird for a good place to take my clothes.I tried one dry cleaner near my house. The owners were really, really nice, but even the most basic dry cleaning services were a bit too expensive for me. So, my wife, who knows the area better, suggested Alpine Cleaners.When I walked in, the owner was really nice. When I gave her my information, she saw my last name.The following conversation is the same one that always happens in Korean places."Oh? Are you...Korean?" she asked me, head turned ever so slightly."Uhm...half. I'm half white.""Ahhhhhhhh," she said, followed by a knowing nod. "What is your mommy?" (Korean people always say mommy and daddy)."She's white.""Ohhhhhhhh," she said, nodding to herself again. "You speak Korean?""Just food. And bad words.""Ah. No good!" she said.Now I was worried. The half-devil-blood thing can always go either way, as can the I-don't-speak-Korean conversation that inevitably follows."But I like you! What is address?"Relieved, I tell her my address. She sees my wife's name listed."Oh! I know her! I like her too!"Now I know I have my local dry cleaner set. But are they any good?Yes. They're still a bit more expensive than I'd like a dry cleaner to be, but they're fast. They also got a hideous red wine stain out of my linen suit, one that I thought would NEVER come out. So cheers to them! And here's to me starting Korean lessons...
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,7/12/2011,748,1049,7,12,7>Well I came, I saw and I conquered the legendary Titanic Roll. Such deliciousness... such vastness ... a beautiful experience.My girlfriends and I all had a great time.The service was very warm and nice too. The only thing keeping me from giving them 5 stars was that later that night I came down with an excruciating headache, dizziness and red cheeks. The headache lasted all the next day, too.What on earth could cause that? Well I googled it and discovered those are symptoms of mercury poisoning. Tuna is a culprit.So all I can say is, talk about large portions! The portion of tuna is so large that it'll give you mercury poisoning! :-PStill I'm giving them 4 stars and I'll happily come back for salmon or something else, anything except tuna.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,7/11/2011,304,243,10,15,11>Still celebrating my birthday month of June *tee-hee*, me & BF-J finally ventured over to Buddy's Bites & Brews near Hayward's Southland Mall.WHEN: Saturday 6/11/11, sometime like 7pm. LOCATION: Diagonal location of main intersection to Mimi's Cafe/Chevron, & learned they had their 1yr Anniversary this past May 2011 (CONGRATS!) yelp.com/biz_photos/KId0… Ambiance is a contemporary-hip, w/ suttle hints of surf & "hang loose" feeling, sporty, social hang-out, spacious, & could be loud. Appears handicap & disabled friendly. Actually our waiter-JD says it gets packed on their $1 Taco Tuesday nights! This past Sat evening had a decent crowd, but not a full house.CUSTOMER SERVICE: Quickly & warmly greeted by hostess, then seated immediately. Our waiter-JD was prompt, thorough, friendly, & really knowledgeable on menu items. GREAT SERVICE JD!DRINKS: Being our 1st visit here, we decided to try a brew. Great White draft similar taste to Blue Moon, which we both like yelp.com/biz_photos/KId0… Nice light taste & went down just fine w/ dinner.EATS: Me & BF-J were very happy w/ our 1st-time eats here! Served quickly, served hot, & tasted great!$6 Fancy "Garlic" Fries yelp.com/biz_photos/KId0…Nothing really special here, just "eh, ok". $3.50 cup Clam Chowder yelp.com/biz_photos/KId0…Clam Chowder was creamy & had lots of bite, so it comes strongly recommended from me. $16 Fondue of The Sea yelp.com/biz_photos/KId0…The star of our feast tho was "Fondue of The Sea"...GET THAT! Perfect to share btw 2ppl, but u'll need to order extra side garlic bread ;-) Definitely gets my scrum-didly-umptous stamp! $4.50 Dessert Nachos yelp.com/biz_photos/KId0…The Dessert Nachos was decided as a bonus to treat ourselves since waiter-JD described it so damn good. Churro like chips (or as JD said, "like Cinnamon Toast Crunch cereal") topped w/ things you'd consider on a sundae. You'll definitely want to split this calorie count w/ another person. FINAL TAB: So we spent $47.74 for my post-bday outing ^_^ & we'll consider coming back here. Not sure we'll be able to make their $1 Taco Tuesday nights, but we're planning on tryin' out their "Crabby Patties". It's not Krusty Krab's Krabby Patties, but sounds close enough to spark our curiosity.CHECK IN VIA-SMARTPHONE: yelp.com/biz_photos/KId0… Hope u peeped $2 discount, received for "Checking In" via-Yelp.app on my Android!-------------------------------------------------- --------------Yay! My 5th ROTD on 7/11/11 ^-^ Taste better than the would be free slurpee today @ 7-Eleven.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2010,7/10/2011,269,485,7,15,5>I had to come back and update and give another two thumbs up for John Mok! He is AWESOME! Beyond awesome.I came in today to get a Brazilian Keratin Treatment. This treatment takes 3+ hours and it's not like you're sitting under a heater for an hour of this. This is 3 hours of totally labor intensive work by the stylist.John did an amazing job. He doesn't rush through, even when his next appointment came in. He's such a perfectionist it would go so against his nature to rush through.I didn't even make an appointment for a cut (which I desperately need) and although we didn't have time for a full cut, he did a dry trim, because once again, he's such a perfectionist he couldn't let me walk out with uneven hair.Besides being an awesome stylist. He's a really funny and fun guy. I mean spending 3 hours straight with your stylist could be a little awkward. I didn't read a magazine or check my Blackberry at all...ok, I checked my blackberry a bit, but I wasn't surfing Facebook or anything.Also want to once again give 5 stars to Stacey the colorist. She's only met me one time, and I didn't even have an appointment with her today but she and John were walking in when I was and they both said, "Hi Alexis!" Pretty amazing that they remember my name. She also came down to say hi to me.Such a great,great place. Do not hesitate to come here. I'll be back in a couple of weeks for a cut and highlight!
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2010,7/9/2011,80,175,15,12,11>Ya gotta give 'em credit, there is a TON OF FOOD in their buffet.Oh, they have stuff on a menu, too.But Martin W is always up to a challenge like, for example, that of getting one's money's worth out of an all you can eat venue.Mediterranean grub is well suited to the restaurateur's strategy--go carb and starch heavy, drop the meat into something saucey, then let the (pita) chips fall where they may. Indian food is another cuisine that makes it difficult for the diner to "make out."The stuffed cabbage was probably the weakest part of my strategy--I was suckered in by the bacon slice wrapped around the cabbage leaves, but lo, within the cabbage?More cabbage.But, I digress.I know that sometimes y'all go to a restaurant to... what do you call it... oh, right:  eat and enjoy your meal. Yeah, I mean, for me it's reduced to this zero sum game and I can't enjoy myself unless I feel like I've somehow "won" or "defeated" the owner.Bacheeso's is tasty--their buffet is extravagantly laden with many and varied options.  They could really stand to label things better, because there were several items that I was singularly unable to identify.But, it's a fucking buffet, gang. If you're not sure what something is... take some! Eat it! Every damn thing was pretty darn good.I kinda wish they had a drink dispenser, but then again, they wouldn't be a medium-scale Mediterranean restaurant, they'd be a Sizzler, so probably a wise decision on their part.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2011,7/8/2011,104,415,19,25,23>Updated on 8/4.Between the 2 of us, my wife and I have gone here over 30 times (this is our favorite Chinese restaurant). For some reason, the food went downhill in 2009 (I don't know if a new cook was brought in or if the food was suddenly prepared differently). It's been good again since then, though.Our experience on Saturday is only worthy of 3 stars.Our food was pretty good, but my wife's Mug Root Beer tasted like Cream Soda, and my Dr. Pepper tasted more like Pepsi (we visited my parents afterward, and I immediately took a Dr. Pepper from the fridge).It was also chilly inside (it often is because one of the doors is usually left open), and I had to ask for my food to be heated (there are some new employees now, and the woman I talked to couldn't understand me at first). My wife told me later that her food was lukewarm too (most customers take their food to go, and this is what I advise).After a few minutes, my food was brought to me (I also asked for my food to be heated once before, and I received an apology then too), and it was super hot. After paying, a guy almost forgot to take his food.I laughed, and so did he and his friend.Take home menus are now available inside (they're like paper handouts). The menu is huge (there are over 70 selections).Great Hours: Daily from 11 a.m.-8:30 p.m.The restaurant "can provide buffet & party orders."There's very little in the way of ambiance (there's a calendar on one of the walls, and that's about it).The seating capacity is 40, however (there are 10 tables that each seat 4), and it's usually easy to find a table to sit at.The unisex restroom is small and a bit smelly (like my upper lip when I sweat), but is otherwise fine.The parking lot can be a pain to deal with.Note: All prices include tax.There are always some monthly specials (ex: Won Ton Soup for $3.27; Egg Rolls for $.82 each).Lunch Special (daily from 11 a.m.-3 p.m.): $3.81.1-item Plate with Steamed Rice.Asia Express: $6.1 entree with Fried Rice and an Egg Roll.Fried Bananas (they're new, and I haven't tried them): 4 for $2.17.(A cup of) Water: $.22 (I'm assuming that tax is charged).2-item Plate: $4.69.In terms of the Plates, the Fried Rice or Chow Mein you get counts as an item.3-item Plate: $5.89.4-item Combo: $7.96.A Small Drink is included.Sample (the box is tiny): about $2.50.Small: about $4.Large: about $7. The portions here are good (a 3-item Plate will satisfy most people). There's a good selection of drinks to choose from (there's a store cooler and a fountain machine- the latter is only accessible to employees).A Large Drink costs about $1.50. A refill for a Small Drink costs $.75, and a refill for a Large is $1.08.There's a condiment tray by the counter.It mainly features pepper and soy sauce (too much pepper comes out of the shaker, but the soy sauce is great).The items are sometimes left out for a little while (our Pork Fried Rice tasted a bit old recently).A man seems to do all the cooking, and the women out front are pretty quick and friendly. When they're not helping customers, it's common to see them sitting at a table and preparing vegetables (ex: green beans).Pork Fried Rice: 8.5/10.Very good, and you always receive a nice portion. The Chicken Fried Rice is also good. Spareribs (former name: Ribs with Black Bean Sauce): 8.5/10.I really like the ribs. They're not too fatty, and the sauce is fine.The ribs are so juicy that you sometimes have to be careful about tiny bits of bone falling off.Beef with Broccoli: 8.5/10.The beef is cooked well, and the broccoli is fine (my wife often orders this).Barbecue Pork: 9/10.My most favorite item here (a lot of other people also like it). The pieces are greasy and somewhat fatty, but they're really good and filling.If you want, you can order a pound of Pork, or request a certain amount (ex: $4 worth).Barbecue Chicken: 8.5/10.Better now than it was in the past. The Chicken is a little juicy and quite tasty. The pieces are also soft and easy to eat.Sweet & Sour Pork: 8.5/10.The pieces are fatty, but big and good, and the sauce isn't too strong (the pieces of pineapple are also good).I received too much sauce last time (you should expect a small mess to occur if you take some Sweet & Sour Pork to go).Orange Chicken: 8/10.My wife is a mild fan.Asia Express has been around for 19 years (at least 5 eating establishments in the same area have come and gone in just the past few years). Although some people don't care for the food, there are a lot of regulars (new customers also come in all the time), and I expect the place to be around for quite some time still.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,7/7/2011,140,99,11,9,10>My gf gave up sweets and ice cream for Lent.  So to be a supportive, I've had to double down and consume twice as much.It's not just that forbidden ice cream is extra Sacralicious, Cream does a really good job with their cookies (warm and soft), and their ice cream flavors (good selection). My favorite combo:  Mint Chip, sandwiched between a warm chocolate chip, and a macadamia nut cookie. I've been to Diddy Riese in L.A.  Stale! compared to Cream.If all you have is $1.50, and the thought of standing in a 15-deep line on a cold frigid bay area night doesn't make you feel like a yuppie, then Cream is the place for you!
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2010,7/6/2011,126,1452,26,25,23>Can you ever get enough of going to the zoo? Can you? Because I cant! Its one of my favorite things in the world to do! Get a map to walk around. It will keep you organized and you will know what you're looking at. The Sun Bear was up and playing around. The last time I was here it was snoozing. I don't like Monkeys. They are scary and creep me out. The Chimps were pretty calm this time. Last time I was here, last year, one was going crazy. It was screaming and banging on the cage walls. Its like some primal fear I have of primates. I cant stand them. Plus their asses are disgusting. The children's play area is really fun. Ive always wanted a photo on the lily pads but there's always to many annoying preschooler and day campers clamoring all over it. I saw a little girl almost fall in the pond. What I would have given to see her get soaked. Lemur's are so cool. Two of them were climbing around the rocks. They were rubbing and massaging the rocks. Almost like they had OCD or something. We didn't get to see the Otters. We did get to see a really close up view of an Alligator swimming around. The closest I have ever been an actual Alligator with out getting my arm ripped off. Every time I walk past the Pig area I say to them,"Hey you fat Pigs!" Its the only time its appropriate to say. They have a fun petting area that is very conscious of the personal space of the goats. If the goats want to be pet they get pet, if they don't there is areas for them to escape the hoards of little hands petting and grabbing them. You also cant feed them, you can brush them though. The Fruit Bats look just like my Wiener Dog with wings. I love them. Giraffes just chill out in their area. I think there were some medium baby ones there. One was trying to headbutt another one. The Camels are cool and you have to walk up a hill to get to them. They look so soft. For the first time ever we got to see both Lions actually walking around. It was apparently feeding time and they were walking around waiting. We didn't get to hear the male one roar though. That would have been cool. The Meerkats are freaking cute and if I could I would have a Meerkat habitat in my own back yard. I could stand there for hours and watch them just lounge around. Elephants are really cool to look at from afar. Once when I was in 6th grade, at Six Flags, they let us pet an elephant and my hand smelled like shit the entire day. I will never pet an elephant again. But stand around and watch them eat and poop. Ill sit there for hours. One of the Elephants was way up in the back of the exhibit. When we were walking away it came lumbering down at a fast pace. Fastest Ive ever seen an Elephant move in real life. It was really cool. A staff member was standing at the Hyena pen and was able to talk to the Hyena and it totally knew who she was and was listening to her like a pet dog. We were the only ones there and it was a cool moment. The sad thing was someone threw garbage in her pen and the Staff member was telling her no and to not eat it. She said that the Hyena always has paper in her tummy and she has stomach problems and also people always scream at her. The Hyena looked really old and tired. I felt bad for her and just wanted to lay her down and put a blanket on her so she could relax. There are 2 tigers and they usually are just lying around. One of them was pacing back and forth. I hate seeing that. My brother wanted to ride the train and go on the Sky Ride. I refused to ride either. Pregnant or not, I just cant ride those rides. I just cant do it. I don't trust those kinds of things. I love the zoo and wish I could come here every month. Yay Zoo!!!!
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,7/5/2011,301,336,21,13,11>Steamed Greens. Twig Tea. Macrobiotic. Gluten-free. Vegan.These are the words that strike fear into the hearts of carnivorous men. An irrational fear that often includes images of said man growing stinky white-guy dreadlocks, wearing patchouli oil, joining a religious cult, bearing children named 'Harmony' or 'Serendipity' with his common-law wife that doesn't shave her pits- or her legs, getting 'in touch' with his feelings, or *GASP* hugging another man.But seriously, eating here makes you want to hug SOMEONE, just for the simple fact that you're doing something good for your body. The food is clean, fresh, well-cooked, delicately-spiced and just plain tasty. It's free of all the crap that we so often ingest without even thinking twice about it; like sugar, dairy, wheat, gluten and all kinds of other things that tend to make your insides rumble and gurgle. It's good to give your stomach a break from that stuff now and again.Being on a detox cleanse for the last week, Astrid and I were *dying* to have something good cooked for us. She thought of Shangri-La and we jumped in the car and headed over as quickly as possible. If you've ever been on a cleanse, you know there's 'hungry' and then there's 'fuckingeatanythingthatgetsinyourwayhungry'. We were definitely the latter.They keep it simple in terms of ordering, you can have the 'full meal', the 'moderate meal' or the zero-spice 'simple meal'. The meals all consist of the same food in different portion sizes.  We started with a cup of Twig Tea and a Pinto Bean, Veggie & Ginger Soup, which was delicious. The meal came out next consisting of Sauteed Cabbage, Carrot & Butternut Squash Curry, Brown Rice with Carrots and Celery, French Lentils with Onion and a Mixed Green Salad with Parsley-Mustard Dressing. The food just plain rocked! For dessert, we had the raw pecan pie which was heavenly, not too sweet and totally filling. I'm seriously coming back to Shangri-La as soon as possible.So lose your inhibitions, take a walk on the vegan side and do something counter-culture and cool. I can almost guarantee that you won't be recruited by a sex cult- and if you are, WAY TO GO!
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,7/4/2011,231,454,12,18,16>Yoshi's is a block from my office.  Why am I not here every night?  I have no answer.This is one of the best sound stages in the entire Bay Area.  Seating for a hundred people.  Give or take.  At cocktail tables and booths.  All comfortable, all so close to the performer that you could flip them a bit of that yummy roll if they were looking hungry.  You could flip it underhanded.  With your wrong hand.The acoustics are splendid, the acts top notch.  Attentive and happy staff.  Seriously, there is no good reason to not be here all the time.  I'm going to infect my pattern with more regular visitation.Over and above the excellent music, Yoshi's plates some serious Japanese cuisine.  Traditional-ish seating, a spot at the sushi bar, food at your table with the show, or a dinner package.  So many options, one of them will suit your evening's fancy.Come for a perfect date or come alone.  Meet me after work and we'll fill our ears and tummies with something wonderful.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,7/3/2011,331,587,19,24,22>Over here in the East Bay, we have our own ice cream wars. I thought I was guilty of licking up Ici like Jonestown kool-aid, so I thought a visit to Tara's was in order for balance. I'd been a handful of times, and I always find her ice cream to my liking. I mean, what's not to like? It's as if my spice cabinet exploded in an ice creamery. Saffron, ginger, and cardamom too/No wonder there's often such a long queue.It's so Berkeley, even though Ici is technically more in the City of Berkeley. Cutsy handwritten ice cream listings, with Berkeleyan favorites such as agave everything, edamame lemon, allspice, berbere, garam masala, SPICES! Compostable wares to boot.I met a dog there named Ayatollah and a man with patchouli in his pocket. Enough said for the clientele. She really does make great ice cream. I think I've gotten the ginger each time, and it's phenomenal. Last time it had caramel in it ;) The strawberry balsamic is definitely not her most unique flavor, but she makes it so well and it pairs well with the ginger.I wish there was more seating, not that seating is common at any ice cream shop. There's a few chairs at a counter that is covered in flyers for Maum Meditiation and your local leukemia/lymphoma fundraiser. Sigh...even ice cream parlors can't keep reality at bay.Consider me almost a bipartisan when it comes to College Ave ice cream!
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,7/2/2011,184,198,9,15,12>How could i really not have known about this place before now?!?  Owned by the former La Charme proprietor, it is nothing short of a miracle.  Perfect gourmet items, in a boil-in bag, to be re-heated at home in a matter of minutes, and for a fraction of the cost of having them in a restaurant.  He has chosen items which are forgiving of re-heating, but he is also clearly a master chef.Little Big Man, who is rapidly becoming simply Big Man, and I selected the Duck confit and the Beef Tongue.  The Beef had a wonderful sauce, was fork tender, and came with lovely string bean, cornichons, carrot and potato - absolutely delicious and one of the best things I'd eaten in a long time....until i tried the Duck.  oh. my. god.  Boneless confit, shredded with greens, squash, risotto, a bit of truffle (and truffle oil) - as my son said, 'Even the greens are amazing and don't taste like s**t!"  Not a fan of greens, he.We finished up with 2 chocolate items, although I was a bit skeptical and thought at least one should be fruit:  One with ganache between brownie discs topped with a bit of cream, the other, a bittersweet chocolate tart, with a perfect marriage of a very unsweet almost crispy crust and a dark, exquisitely balanced dark, creamy chocolate filling. Although both were great, the chocolate tart was a revelation - deceptively simple but ...wow. It will be my payday campaign to try everything made at La Bedaine (Paunch, or Potbelly, depending on who's translating).  Plus it's another way i can get my son to practice his French, and for me to feel like I'm eating in France.
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,7/1/2011,338,1028,11,13,9>For our first Christmas together, I bought my honey meat.  Yes, meat.  The freezer was full of delicious, juicy red meat from Omaha steaks.  For our fourth Christmas together, I wanted to get him the supplies needed to brew his own beer.  Which was really a gift for me too, right?I know what my man likes.  Red meat and beer.  I did all of my holiday shopping online this year and, although we live really close to their store, I found myself on the Beer, Beer and More Beer website to order a brewing kit.  After exploring the different options, through their easy to use website, I decided to call my mother and see if my parents wanted to split the cost to buy a nicer kit.  She jumped on the bandwagon without hesitation and my parents ended up buying the entire thing because my mom wanted it be from them.   They have five starter kits ranging from $69 to $479.  Kits #1 and #2 are "partial", meaning that you may need to pick up a few other items to be ready to brew.  Kits #3 - #5 are all complete and include everything one would need to brew up their first batch.Placing the order online was super easy and the shipment went out quickly. Everything was included and packaged well. The kits really do include everything you need to start brewing that day.  The first round of beer was a basic pale ale and really good.  Second batch will start tomorrow.  It's the gift that keeps on giving!
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2011,6/30/2011,1205,283,25,25,26>If you have a sexy lover, and their eyes are the best thing to gaze into while you sip well poured drinks than Dogwood will be your best friend.With so many dives, lounges, bars, and drinking holes it's hard to be the new kid on the block in Uptown.  Yet Dogwood feels like it's been there uniting the romantic drunk lovers in all of us for centuries.  Boasting high ceilings, french kiss lighting, long glossy wood tables, windows galore, a brick wall shelving all the sexy bottles filled with short promises, and a salumi bar for all the cheese and cured meat lovers.  Me and the lady stopped by for a soft buzz and liquor whispers.  The menu had some great martinis listed, house cocktails, beer, and wine.  I ordered the Amargo Sour which had lime juice, grapefruit, some other fancy stuff and Tequila.  My lady ordered a Ginger Honey martini that definitely was making her lick her lips.  Both martinis where made stiff and perfect.  The total was $16 which is not bad for well poured strong martinis.  Next round she ordered a Moscow Mule which was very very good and had the perfect amount of Ginger beer and lime.  I ordered a Caipirinha which had plenty of rum and was mixed very well.  $12 for both and instantly after a few sips of the 2nd drink and I felt the soft buzz massage my shoulders.  Dogwood is perfect for a night of classy debauchery.  Of course I will be back.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,6/29/2011,436,378,7,8,8>I came here two days ago because my friend recommended it, and went totally crazy.I bought this almond torte thing, which was really fluffy and delicious and not too sweet like your usual morning pastries.I also got a yuku flavored macaron, which is this citrus-ey Japanese fruit! It was superrrr good! And they're ONLY $1.25. Next time I'm probably going to buy one of each flavor. And I also got a Russian Tea Cookie cause it looked so delicious and short-bready and fattening. My favorite. :) and LAST thing I got was a long cookie/bread tasting thing called Financier. It was very delicious!And the total was $6.10 which is not bad for 4 delicious french pastries/cookies. :)
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,6/28/2011,202,470,25,15,14>SWEET JEEEEZUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IS THIS WHERE ALL THE BLACK MEN IN OAKLAND HAVE BEEN HIDING?!?!?!?I came here with my friends to celebrate my birthday and OMG!!!! I must have died and went to heaven with all the eye candy in here!!!!!!!!!  Let's just say, if I was in my 20s and I was a loosly goosy, I would have gone home with some folks.  LOLWent here on a Saturday night.  The music was popping.  Straight hip hop and R&B.  And I mean they took it back to real music (Michael Jackson, New Edition and PRINCE).Cover charge was $10.  I was a little unhappy about that but once I got in I wouldn't care if it was $20.  The crowd was definitely mixed and diverse which is TOTALLY what partying in Oakland is all about. The drinks were on POINT!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I had me 2 camicazi (sp?) shots!!! I don't even drink but my friends insisted I'm 34 years old now and I need to at least have a shot before I die. lololThere's an upstairs here at well too.  Upstairs was great!!! It had places to sit which was occupied but other bday folks who made private reservations.  You were also able to feel the air more from upstairs.  The only thing that needs changing in this place is better signage outside.  We were circling in the car about 5 minutes trying to figure out where the heck is this place.  So far I must say...this is gonna be my new spot!!!! Let's hope the DJ will deliver next time :)
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2010,6/27/2011,341,458,7,12,11>I don't hate cooking.  But I do hate meal planning.  Deciding what to make, making grocery lists, shopping, prepping ingredients, timing everything.When I first heard about Dream Dinners years ago, I thought it wasn't for me.  I'd spend time assembling all the meals there, and then I'd have to prepare them again at dinner time.  Right?  The only reason I tried it was a social event I attended (at a different Dream Dinners location, which closed earlier this year).  I found that the meals were very easy to prepare at home, they were tasty, and I loved not having to think about what to cook each night.  The 3-serving portions are generous enough to satisfy us and the two kids.  The 6-serving portions are great when we have guests.  Also, with a little creativity, most meals can be made to cater to different people's tastes (no mushrooms on my side of the lasagna, no cayenne in the kids' portion). I recently started coming to the Newark location.  While I enjoyed the previous location, I like this one even more.  The owner is very accommodating and friendly, the staff is fun and helpful, and they offer samples to try during your session, and additional pre-made meals for you to take home.  Most of all, I love having a great variety of meals in my freezer ready to go.  After a long day of work, who wants to think?
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2010,6/26/2011,261,512,8,12,13>I had forgotten just how excellent a Zachary's pizza could be until 3 days ago, when a friend ordered Zachary's for lunch while we prepped food for a party happening that weekend.I had never liked the Oakland location of Zachary's because of the excessive wait, even though it is the original Zachary's. However, I do really love the Solano location--the Zachary's redhead stepchild. The wait is often short, the pizza is the same great quality and the decor is nicer than the Oakland Zachary's (I love the exposed brick walls).Although the crust is not the best deep dish pizza crust I've ever had, Zachary's toppings truly shine. They have the perfect filling to cheese to sauce ratio and the sauce is the perfect balance of sweetness and acidity. Although I do love the standard sausage, mushroom, olive pizza they offer, my heart really belongs to their spinach and mushroom pizza. It's cheesy, saucy and has the amazing flavors of the vegetables.No one can each much more than a slice (maybe two) of Zachary's pizza, but it is pretty great. I'd forgotten until recently just how fantastic it could be.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2010,6/25/2011,300,251,17,9,18>Baby H. is the undisputed lead singer in his baby group band. He is loud, proud, and wins over the crowd with his shouts of joy. Plus, he has tons of crazy blond hair, even after the two haircuts he has had in his little life. He was born to be a front man.Grove Street Kids keeps us in rock star pants.  My little screamer loves to sport his black and hot pink striped flared pants or his velour leopard print shorts while he's cruising around the living room making the ladies all swoon over his tough boy style. He also has some sweet Zebra print slacks that he likes to wear when he's feeling extra rockin'.OK, fine. I am aware that these pants were originally intended for female baby use, but who cares? Eff the system, says Baby H. Grove Street Kids has an excellent selection of gently used clothing and toys at reasonable prices. Check out the drawers underneath the hanging stuff for 99 cent onesies! They have breastfeeding stuff. I got an unopened box of breastmilk freezer bags here for $7 - the same box that costs me $20 elsewhere. They also carry maternity clothes.
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,6/24/2011,389,574,8,13,11>I've been looking for a reason to go to Republic of Cake for a while, and Valentines Day seemed like as good as any.  OMG Yummy!  The cupcakes were super dense, moist cakes with a generous helping of nicely textured and not too sweet frosting.  We shared the coconut and Sam's Messy Chocolate varieties.  Nice, strong, rich flavor coming through in each.   My family loved them, as did the small construction crew, that's become an extension of the family over the last 4 months.  Flavors change monthly I believe.6 cupcakes (4 special/2reg) were $13 and change.  I was surprised they didn't seem to take credit cards, so be sure you bring cash.  The cupcakes came in a bakery box, not a bag as a past reviewer mentioned, so perhaps they've worked out some kinks.  The dozen cupcakes for $21 deal shown on yelp only applies to the basic ones (choc, vanilla, or combo of the two)...all the other flavors are considered "specials."Free parking for the first hour in that Theater Square garage.  ROC validates if you intend to stay in the area longer.When my extended family goes for their ice cream fix in downtown Orinda...you'll find me making a beeline for a cupcake instead.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,6/23/2011,239,220,11,8,10>"We're gonna get you mac n cheese," he promised me.Our first attempt at this restaurant was on New Orleans' Day, pre-Berkeley rep. Apparently, they had authentic food that was perfect for the occasion. Unfortunately, an hour's worth of people beat us to the chase, so we missed our chance.We returned on his hookie day to be welcomed with open arms: friendly service and immediate seating. I picked up some of their toothpicks to chew on for fun. Our server told us about the special of the day, which was fried alligator and something else. When my uberly shocked expression slipped, she quickly added, "BUT DON'T WORRY, IT TASTES JUST LIKE CHICKEN!"  I suppose it was convincing enough for us to have it, so we got the fried alligator. It was not the taste of chicken, but also not one that brought disgust. It was novel, but not too novel. Interesting, I would say.When she asked what it was we thirsted for, I curiously decided on the swamp water. I figured it would look like water from a third world country, but it was actually an Arnold Palmer (or at least, their own mix of lemonade and iced tea). Delicious, it was! The only other time I had an Arnold Palmer was while I was mac n cheesin' it up in the Castro, but that drink (which was actually labeled as the Arnold Palmer) tasted like a strawberry juice with lots of high-fructose corn syrup. Blegh. No, this was completely different. There was no hint of strawberry or artificial flavoring, we far as I could tell.When it came down to the real food, I had the fried chicken, which came with mashed sweet potatoes, gravy, and green beans. It was all very yummy, except for the green beans, which were covered in some kind of strange garnish. I especially enjoyed the mashed sweet potatoes, which was actually better than the one I had at Gitane. Oh, memory lane...He had the crawfish, which I burned my tongue to a crisp (even after he blew on it, and when I blew on it 50 times). By the time it was cool enough for me to handle, my taste buds had lost all its sensation. Craziness.Did I forget to mention that we had mac n cheese? Mmm! The mac n cheese was the finishing touch to filling my tummy. It was the life of the party, along with mister swamp water. However, the mac n cheese was really hot, too. Beware..!By that time, we were both full. Still, dessert was ordered, but I can't seem to remember why. Beignets, beignets!! They came out in a big bowl and covered under a mount of powdered sugar. Evil M; evil, evil M picked the top one up by his spoon. Guess what? He blew powdered sugar all over me! Grrrr. I fought back, but he had already won. Evil, evil! Sadface. At the end, my black pants were able to pass as a crack addict's smuggling device. Sheesh.Back to the beignets. They were soft, and hollow, and not greasy. I missed eating beignets, they were so great.As we were about to head out, the woman sitting next to us angrily nodded her head. The server, on the other hand, was very proud. I swear, I knew that woman from a restaurant in SF.Now I feel like having a po boy sandwich with some third-world country water. Delicioso!
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2010,6/22/2011,285,169,16,16,17>This review is sponsored by the letter "M". M for Mar y TierraM for Mexican foodM for MicheladaM for Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm............also, a little "m" for the small amount of money you will spend!I had a huge mug of Michelada, a carne asada taco, a chile verde taco and a fish ceviche tostada all for less than $10. I'm so glad I discovered this place (thanks to the East Bay Yelpers!). If my commute from SF- Fremont ever has a delay at Fruitvale, I know where to go to kill some time.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2010,6/21/2011,241,77,13,13,14>I freaking love Mi Pubeblo !So far I've been to their Newark and Hayward locations and they are almost identical. Sadly Newark's Mi Pueblo hasn't gotten their liquor license yet. I asked a cashier about the the tequila selection and he said once they get the liquor license they should have the same selection as Hayward (crosses fingers).I have yet to try Mi Pueblo's food court but it looks good. Mariscos, taqueros, whole chickens, pretty much everything you'd want.The chorizo samples were outrageously good and skewed my taste buds when I was trying to decide on which salsa to buy. It didn't really matter since I was buying it for guests who only like that mild shiz anyway. Im still not a big fan of Mi Pueblo's adobada de puerco though but they make up for it with their pollo asado and carne selection.I'll definitely be back to try out their seafood and hopefully when I make it  back they'll have Rosangel Reposado as well.Considering that there is a 99 Ranch across the street, this one block of Newark Blvd has pretty much everything I'll ever need. Way to go Newark (patiently awaits a bevmo).
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,6/20/2011,147,87,9,19,12>Since pretty much everyone on here is bashing this place, here are some reasons why Ray's Crab Shack is BETTER than The Boiling Crab:1.) Location: I don't have to drive a half hour to stuff my face with succulent shrimp drenched in butter and seasonings. It's quite close to my house.2.) Very clean, spacious, and nicely decorated. I thought the employee uniforms were really cute and well put together.3.) They offer gloves to keep your hands clean, and were very attentive to giving us more napkins. They also give you a lot of wet napkins when you are done with your meal.4.) You don't have to wait 2 hours to be seated, in fact, we were seated right away (this was on a Monday night).5.) Their seasonings (I ordered a pound of shrimp and corn on the cob with the Whole-Shabang in Hot) were extremely tasty! They also offer shrimp without heads. Less work=Awesome!Ray's Crab Shack is a great alternative if you want to avoid long waits. I subtracted one star because it took our waiter forever to pick up our check (we literally had to walk up to them to get their attention). Aside from that, I enjoyed my dining experience here and will definitely be returning to try other things on the menu. Give this place a chance!
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,6/19/2011,242,127,17,19,19>The water is filthy, there's geese poop everywhere, seagulls flying around, pooping, waiting and ready to attack. Sometimes there's a weird urine stench, drunks and bums sitting around, drinking out of their paper bags, napping under a tree or even talking to themselves. With all of that said, Lake Merritt is my favorite thing about Oakland. It's a great place to walk your dog, go jogging, work out, people watch, ride your bikes, chase some geese, I've even seen some people get there engagement pictures taken here. It's surrounded by some of the best places to eat, coffee shops, the main library and even some great clothing boutiques. Lake Merritt is absolutely stunning on a sunny day. Nothing beats a nice jog around the lake with my favorite sister, then grabbing a slice at Arizmendi and washing it down with lemonade from Peets.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,6/18/2011,744,496,10,8,9>Friendly without being cheesy (ta-dum-dum). Great selection. Cool staff playing tasty tunes. Eat now or eat later. Shop pre-party or for everyday joy.This became one of my favorite places immediately upon my first visit. If you must ask why, try the Bacon Jelly!Bonus tip: try to be there when the portable-wood-fired-pizza-oven-truck shows up for the occasional za party on Saturdays.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,6/17/2011,1645,150,8,9,9>It's funny my roommate and his gf went here last weekend and told me about it, it made me realize I forget my review! It was also funny to see they liked this place as much as me and my gf did! SUPER CHEAP....SUPER GOOD! I got a twist when I went, I swear it was the size of a small loaf of bread. Like if you slapped someone with this donut it might knock you down...in a good way! I did see the bear claw, I think you would need 4 people to eat it! I ate half for breakfast and half for lunch and I was good all day! Great glaze...great fresh dough! Big smiles from the cashier! Also has a few places to sit, if you did want to stay!This is a great cute little gem of concord! There are a lot of donut places in concord this is one of the few I really enjoy!
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,6/16/2011,587,806,13,17,15>My god am I glad this place is expensive...Yet again, another place I have been eager to try since opening. So, Just getting off work and madly craving a good savory burger, I just had to check this place out.Parking was a synch (LUCKLY) IT was just a few minutes after 5 so I missed the crowed and lucked out with some nice seating.Located right off  N. California BLVD, the place has a very contemporary, artsy new age atmosphere going on- pale blue walls adorned with new age art work- very relaxing atmosphere- clean and cool. Menu, Wow! Selection of toppings all the way from goat cheese to apricot sauce even peanut sauce, might I say, they have quite the extensive selection of options to choose from.What to choose?.... I went all out. I got the 3/4 burger in a bowl with Swiss cheese, grilled onions, roasted red peppers, and Aioli Sauce along with some skinny fried onions on top.It took a little over 20 min to receive my meal though, it was worth every minute of the wait! My burger from top to bottom, was a lip smacken 10!!  From the succulent, juiciness flavor of the burger to the melt in your mouth superb Swiss cheese, everything was just incredible and well worth the wait as well as the steep price.Service was friendly and they serve wine and beer!! Definitely a come back for me!!
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2010,6/15/2011,1429,411,17,24,22>Sam is the coolest dude. Sam of course being the main guy who works here. Is he the owner? I'm not 100% sure, but he's definitely the grand puba at Golden Needle Tailoring. I haven't needed to visit Golden Needle since high school, when I rented 2 separate prom tuxedos from here (I went to 2 proms, super baller- i know.) For each prom I went with two extremely different tuxedo styles(one very conservative, another very hip) and I clearly remember Sam helping me and tailoring my suits like a champ. More recently, I needed a last minute bow-tie and suspenders for the 2nd Annual Yelp Prom! On the day of, I rushed over to Golden Needle to see what they had available in terms of these last minute accessories. Me,"Hi, I'm looking for any clip on bow-ties and suspenders. Do you have any?" Sam,"Of course, what kind do you want?" Like a magician, he proceeded to shuffle under his table to uncover a wide variety of ties, suspenders, buttons, sequences, playing cards & rabbits... wait, maybe not the last two- but everything else for sure. "I'll take the red bow-tie and those clip on suspenders please." "Eh, just give me $20 for em'" At this point I realize they don't accept Visa, just cash only- So i begin to shuffle through my receipt filled wallet looking for dollar bills. I have one $5 bill and thirteen $1 dollar bills. $18 total. Very nonchalant, Sam says with a smile, "Ah, that's ok- just promise you'll bring me $2 later." I thanked him and promised I'd be back with his $2!(Which I brought back immediately after scrounging for $2 in quarters from my car) Golden Needle Tailoring is a small, local Alameda business that I love. Very personal, very professional, and they'll always taken care of my needs. I'm pretty sure i'll always bring my tuxedo business to Golden Needle- 4 GLOWING Stars!
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2011,6/14/2011,133,424,9,10,10>Thursday Date Night @ Sidebar.I can't believe it took us so long to try this place. Great location, tasty libations, and delicious nibbles?!? Need I say more.Almost everything we had went down like smooth fresh churned butter. Deviled Eggs with Smoke trout, Mussels with Chorizo Broth, Dandelion Salad. The only exception was the Grilled Cheese panini. Super greasy and oily.Aaron, our favorite friendly bartender, was working that night, serving us up delicious awesomeness in 80 proof form. We love him. Definitely a new place when we're looking to stray from our usual date night meet-ups..
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,6/13/2011,291,487,7,10,12>This place has freakin' amazing baked potatoes. They are HUGE. They are stuffed with toppings. They are to die for. For $6 you get an abnormally large, freshly baked potato with:Butter Cheese Sour cream Green onions Bacon Jalapenos I wait all winter for the Thursday Farmer's Market to come back into town. I cruise around to all the booths, get my fresh fruits & veggies, & end the evening with a massive baked potato. Thursdays are back!
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2010,6/12/2011,133,165,11,14,11>When you have two small children and a crazed teenager, it's not easy getting out.   It requires thought and planning and equipment (i.e. kid leash, front carrier, orange juice, double stroller, sonar radar device, handcuffs, cheerios, etc., etc.) .  And there are some events that must be all together avoided.   On paper the Underground Farmers Market would be one of those events: Yes, it is so crowded you can easily determine the toothpaste brand your neighbor in line uses..or doesn't useYes, it is cash onlyYes, it's true the goods sold are not made in a commercial kitchen and do not have the health and safety stamp of approvalAnd no, I don't think there are restrooms, changing tables, sitting  lounges, pumping or lactation salonsYes there are long incongruent lines for EVERYTHINGAll that being said we had a great time here!  The patrons and vendors were friendly and offered original tasty goods at ridiculously cheap prices.  While it was ridiculously crowded we navigated our side by side double wide stroller through the masses without even the slightest glare.  Even though it was cash only, the prices were unbelievably cheap for the fare and a little bit of cash went a long way.  By far, the Jerk vendor was my absolute favorite.  The chicken was season perfectly, it was juicy and tender, the rice and peas were delicious and the salad was a lovely palette cleanser...and all of this for $5.  I can honestly say I haven't had Jerk that good since I was in Montego Bay.  My second favorite was a stand that sold Garbanzo Bean Pasties, $4 for a flakey hand pie of goodness and an accompanying tangy radish salad.Other notable mentions were the Vegan Cupcake stand (I don't know how they made them so good without butter?) and the Kata stand.  I didn't know what Kata was until this visit but I am now a fan!
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,6/11/2011,1211,478,12,15,14>Food.Coma.Wednesdays&Thursdays, most apps are $5.Ordered the fish & chips and had 4 big pieces of fish with Anchor Steam batter, a cone of fries, and coleslaw.I ate 2 pieces and tapped out.My server Mohammed was too too too awesome, when my drink was half way done, he came over with another one.  Next time, I'll split an entree.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,6/10/2011,224,231,18,13,14>Philz is kind of intimidating for a coffee newb like me. I can read about all these magical beans and roasts and attempt to understand or give a fuuuuu about how and what to order OR I can stride in and order a mint mojito iced coffee like a boss.Yeah, I'll go with the latter. I don't think I can get this anywhere else or find a place that can replicate it. It's nothing complicated, coffee is in there somewhere, some mint leaves and lots of cream and sugar, but it's unbelievably effing good, especially on a balmy Sunday afternoon. Never have I felt good about paying $4 for a cup of coffee until today.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2010,6/9/2011,561,82,12,16,16>There have not been many moments in my life where I am left speechless, but 900 Grayson changes everything. Speechless not because of the scantily clad female portrait in the main dining area, or the too good to be true parking spot I snatched in front, but speechless because of the following dishes:The Demon Lover:Chicken and waffles. Yes, it sounds like a simple entree, but it is far from it. Waffles made to perfection with a generous amount of syrup. Boneless fried chicken that will make a Roscoe's lover think twice. A heaping amount of country gravy with a bit of cayenne for a little spice. This is the equivalent to heaven on earth. It will make an atheist think twice.Breakfast--Yes, that is the name of the dish:The Breakfast breakfast is equally tasty but much more simple. Eggs made to your liking, presented with hash browns that are crisp but not overly done, Acme bread (Yes!), and your choice of bacon or a linguisa. The linguisa has a nice kick to awaken any poor soul who's iffy about ordering a side order that is tricky to spell and pronounce.Service was attentive without being overbearing. Thumbs up. Sometimes oj can be a little sweet for me, but again, these guys delivered a glass that was drinkable and fresh. Just the way I like it. The vibe is very Berkeley. Vibrant art abounds the walls, exquisite food is delivered, and friendly staff awaits your arrival. Now where do you think 900 Grayson is located? At 900 Grayson, genius. Berkeley is so very clever, not only with the name of the restaurant, but with the outstanding food that is waiting to convert any non-believer. You will leave with a revelation, a revelation that proclaims this to be THE breakfast joint for spot on, homey food. Berkeley, you've done it again.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2011,6/8/2011,610,620,11,19,12>Have you ever watched magicians on television and thought: Yeah, but..I bet a couple of those rings have a break in them.That has to be a camera trick.He just had it up his sleeve.There's something behind the curtain.Because what you are seeing is impossible, you convince yourself that there has to be a reasonable explanation.If you want your mind blown, I encourage you to visit the magical dinner theatre. I left unable to say: Yeah, but..Instead, I left saying: Wow.How? Holy Cow!I felt each ring. No breaks. I felt the seamless rope he broke and repaired instantly. No funny business. I picked a card and held it tightly in my hand, only to have him turn over a very different card in my hand that I had not let out of my sight.BewilderedBaffledPerplexedMost of all, I was entertained. You must experience live magic at least once in your life.The dinner is a pre-set menu. My husband requested the vegetarian alternative for me. I'm not a vegetarian but I have an affinity for artichokes. His decision proved to be wise, as it was delicious.The atmosphere during dinner is very busy. If you are looking for a romantic evening, it's not the wisest choice. However, if you are looking for a very unique night out, this magical dinner theatre truly delivers.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,6/7/2011,883,311,23,14,17>My dad is in the mafia. I came home for Thanksgiving, and was staying at my parent's house.  My dad gave me a gift certificate for a free three topping large stuffed pizza.  Being curious, I asked how he got it.  He gave me a stern look and said 'it fell off a truck'. Yeesh. Anyways...So I took my boyfriend out on a hot date (GET IT?! ..because it's pizza...).  Sadly, I cannot eat an entire large three topping stuffed pizza by myself. I know, it's pathetic. I am working on it. We went in around 530 on a Friday night.  Now, this was strategic.  We figured since it was Friday (the only day we had free to explore exciting options for dinner), we should go early to avoid the crowd (we also had a function afterwards).  We get in and that shit is PACKED.  Wall to wall people, hippies, hipsters, and yuppies alike. Madness, utter madness.Me being smaller and nimble offered to run ahead to the host stand. The host stand was out of site, due to the legion of people.  The host said that for two, it would be around 30-45 minutes. Dammit. But then, hope! The bar cleared out a few seats and we opted for that, and were seated immediately.  If you don't have children with you, don't knock the bar. It's not a real bar, and it's fairly comfortable (elbow room!). And you get the added bonus of getting to watch pizzas being made.  Yeah, you can't look lovingly into your date's eyes, but whatever. It'll be ok.So we got sat immediately, bypassing hungry patrons who had opted to wait for a table (who looked at us with fervid jealousy as they questioned their life choices).  We settled on a bacon, sausage, and pepperoni stuffed pizza. Yeah, we like it meaty. And what.The stuffed pizzas do take something like 35 or so minutes to make (because they're not just sitting around), but its SO worth it. Oh jeez, my fat ass is drooling right now just thinking about it (which is awkward, because I'm in public).  We also split a small ceaser and I got an izze (I love that they carry them).  The service was fairly fast (considering how long it takes to create a stuffed pizza) and very friendly.  I speak fluent hipster, so that may have helped.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2010,6/6/2011,628,530,11,15,11>Everything is better on a boat.  Ok, that's debatable, but Sushi seems to be notably more exciting when it comes on a wooden boat.Soup was good.  Salad dressing not standard bottled kind. HUGE pieces of sashimi.  Premium cuts of fish in the nigiri (hamachi belly, seared tuna, sweet shrimp [ama-ebi], and melt in your mouth unagi!)  Lion King roll and fried shrimp and avacado roll.  Plus 2 good size scoops of green tea ice cream for dessert! All were really good and really fresh.  I was a major fan. Damage=$50The salmon roe with quail egg nigiri was also really fresh and perfect.Damage=$6The waitress was wonderful about me constantly asking for more tea (would have preferred her to be good about it herself but it was REALLY busy) , and even though it took a while for the sushi chef to get to the salmon roe nigiri, we were quite preoccupied with the GIANT BOAT OF SUSHI!!!!Is it my favorite in oakland? No, but it's on the list!
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2010,6/5/2011,968,110,10,14,13>I could watch the dogs here ALL day long!!! So can the people driving by the park too apparently ........  Last time I was here, I saw a lady rear end the car in front of her at 30 mph because she was watching all the dogs play!!!!! HAHA!!!There are neat statues and two good sized parks for large and small dogs.  The water fountains are clean and always working.  The people here are chill and very down to earth, a huge plus.  The only downfall is the grass.  It does not drain/absorb water well, so it gets muddy quickly and the dogs get filthy!  They also have to close the park entirely when the weather is too bad because the grass gets completely ruined. A fun place to take your pups for sure!!
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2010,6/4/2011,342,397,13,17,14>You may shed a tear heading to the Berkeley Fire Trails as you notice that Memorial Stadium is being torn apart, row by row. Turn this sadness into a positive sensation by parking your car just up the road and heading uphill to soak in gorgeous views of the East Bay, Bay Bridge, Treasure Island, Alcatraz and more. Berkeley housewives and old couples run/hike alongside you as you make your way through the lush greenery and endless trees that resemble an anorexic Muir Woods. Head up a mile or so until you get to part where the trees open up a bit and let you see a bit more. At your first open sight of this incredible Bay Area, glance but don't stare. You don't earn that until you sprint up the 1/5th mile that humbles even a cocky punk like myself. Are you trying to shred? Mix up your cardio routine?This extremely uphill portion is my current obsession.....it's a truly difficult, sweaty, you're-gonna-breathe-heavy challenge. It's running uphill like this that will get you to your fitness goals. Or just to maintain your current physical weight, like The Educator. I have traveled up higher and higher, where the views become even more sexy and breathtaking. Run with caution this time of year (winter) as the rain has made these trails quite muddy and very much the slippery slope. I can't afford to get anymore: "Just A Note - My ass fell in the mud" - compliments. You have been warned. And Educated.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,6/3/2011,108,1734,19,27,28>We had dinner here last night w/ our friends Barbara and Jay.  They live in the neighborhood and had had takeout after getting a flyer on their porch and later had eaten in.  Barbara made reservations for 7:00.  Alan and I arrived first to an almost empty restaurant.  There was a party of 6 or 8 young people.  Barbara and Jay joined us and a few other parties filed in.  This space used to house the Bison Brew Pub several years ago.  Ceilings are high, colors are warm earthtones and it feels clean, welcoming and attractive.  There's a loft upstairs for larger parties.We were welcomed warmly and seated.  There is a monthly specials menu and dishes that are particularly popular are added to the regular menu.  Prices are extremely reasonable.  We ordered an appetizer of cauliflower in a flatbread presentation.  I didn't get its name.  It was good, although the cauliflower wasn't as assertive a presence as I had expected.  Jay ordered the Mt. Everest herbal soup from the Nepali special menu and it was delicious.  He also ordered a goat dish.  He likes his food spicy so I didn't taste it.  Alan ordered a dish of asparagus and mushrooms from the current specials menu.  Barbara ordered lamb tikka massala and I ordered the tandoori rack of lamb, which arrived on a sizzling metal platter w/ sliced onions and peppers.  It was a generous portion, three double chops and there was plenty to share.  I also ordered mushroom saag, which a previous reviewer had mentioned and though it was not on the menu they made it for me.  It was wonderful.  I've had lamb saag, but never mushroom.  We ordered garlic naan and papadums arrived w/o being ordered, at least I didn't hear anyone order it.  They were probably the tastiest papadums I've had.  Alan ordered a beer and Barbara, Jay and I shared a bottle of a very nice shiraz which cost $18 or $19.   All the food was excellent, flavorful and fresh.  I would order most of them again.  Service was prompt, sweet and attentive.  Our servers wore flashing rings and when we admired them they gave Barbara and me ones of our own.  It would be nice if Mt. Everest weren't clear across town, but it's definitely worth the trip.  We'll come back.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,6/2/2011,378,165,52,53,51>Okay lets get it over with. I do not like Mac&Cheese unless it is next to a pork chop. MAC&CHEESE IS A SIDEDISH. How anyone can eat a whole casserole of just Mac&Cheese is beyond me. I need variety. Mr. H insisted on going to "Homeroom" today for their "Mexican Mac" so I reluctantly tagged along. I ordered the "Baked Vermont White Cheddar" with breadcrumbs, I must admit, it is the creamiest most awesome Mac&Cheese I've had without a Pork Chop I came close to converting.I wish I had noticed the side Salad with citrus vinaigrette  My Sterling Vineyards Meritage was perfect with the White Cheddar.Mr. H enjoyed his "Mexican Mac" with Chipotle pepper, jack cheese, Niman ranch chorizo, and cilantro, served with a crispy breadcrumb top, and a wedge of lime. He enjoyed it and said it had a good spice to it. He drank a beer with his, which seemed appropriate considering the spice factor.His choice being, Ale Industries Extra Pale Ale: Concord. At the end of each item on the menu, they have a suggested Beer or Wine. Homemade sweets are whipped up each day. Example: a homemade Oreo with sea salt.  I will return-It was a nice experience.Dog friendly out door seatingStreet parking- easy *Please refrain from turning your menu into a paper airplane. Although not frowned upon, you could poke someone's eye out.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,6/1/2011,307,317,21,33,30>My experience with Chu began with me calling them at 8 PM Saturday night after the Cal game, and telling them we couldn't make our 8 PM reservation and didn't know when we could be there given the mess in the parking garage (see my last review).  The response: "Not to worry. Whenever you get here, we'll feed you." Now that's a refreshing change from the common DMV-style attitude.We finally arrived at around 9:30. It was closing time, but you would never have known it from their warm greeting and eagerness to make us comfortable.  After the hectic football game, and the maddening situation getting out of the garage, it was so nice to just settle into a comfortable seat at Chu's and take in the calming surroundings.  Honestly, I generally prefer Thai, Vietnamese or Burmese over Chinese food, which I usually find boring and uninspired.   But Wow. This place is something very special and very different from the usual Chinese fare. It's probably not even right to call it Chinese. Whatever it is, it's spectacular.  We started with Chu's Ginger Lemon Ceviche (yes, you read that right. ceviche!).  Incredible. Watch out Peru. The Chinese are coming for you. The Smoked Tea Duck Buns were also spectacular. Crispy and spicy and messy. I don't know what they did to that duck, but I'd like to personally thank it for being so delicious.And from there it only got better. The Tamarind Chicken with garlic, jalapeno, and red pepper was amazing and was perfect with the Five Spice flank steak loaded with garlic and ginger. Everything came out at the right time, and we were never rushed. To top it all off, the wine list was original and well priced. I can't wait to return again and again, until I've eaten the entire menu. Goddamn if you don't keep surprising me Oakland.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2010,5/31/2011,606,219,13,17,18>I'll never forget the first time I entered Campo Di Bocce a week after the location opened @ 4 years ago now. I took one look at the rich people rolling Bocce balls around on what looked like oversized bowling lanes (but reminded me of lawn bowling) and wondered why on earth my BF's parents (newly wealthy themselves) always had to take us to these crazy places. On top of the oddity of seeing Bocce for the first time, the meal went horrificly, all 14 guests having at least one issue before the meal was over.None of the mistakes that night could be blamed on our server (or really any of the drop dead gorgeous staff), they were brand new, there were over 300 people trying to dine and play bocce, things were bound to go wrong. We just stuck to smaller groups for awhile. And once I learned how to play Bocce, I really didn't care so much about the rest.I've been to this location more times than I can count, or care too. I've been during wine tastings they've hosted, I've attended a wedding, the National Bocce tournaments, and two John Madden and Steve Mariouchi charity events that Campo holds every year. (Don't get too excited, these events are super elite, VIP access only, unless you are an employee, or have a personal invite from one of the players.I don't get out to Livermore as often anymore. In fact this last visit, I was able to dine and play bocce without bumping into any staff I know. From the stellar service I'm guessing Ben and Lillian still run the show here (Ben is an excellent Somolier as well as an owner and Lillian is the fantastic General Manager they wooed away from Wente Vineyards 3 years ago). It really saddens me reading the reviews of Campo. I don't think they are a fair representation. Most of them are written by a single person who came to Campo with a group of 50 coworkers. Maybe they weren't served first, maybe the guy in front of them took the last piece of the pizza they wanted, who knows. All I do know is none of the reviewers were even from Livermore so it's doubtful their review is based on more than one visit.. I have a hard time believing even one of the 3 star reviewers tried one of the way too amazing cocktails (I like the Luigi Margarita or Pama Lemon Drop best). Or one of the over 50 bottles of wine served by the glass, choices like Rumbauer, Cakebread, Stephen Kent, and Pezzi King being their more common place choices..All I know is the holidays are coming and Campo Di Bocce is the best place for company holiday parties. Bocce is a great ice breaker and team builder.. And who knows you might get to see John Madden and family dining or playing Bocce while you're there!
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,5/30/2011,294,247,21,16,17>Hi, Gwynnie!Hi, Eric! Hi, Tim! Hi, Alan!Hi, Peg!And hello to any Cugini-reviewing Yelp Cousins*  that I've missed!(Yes, Elle, those are exclamation points!!!! We do think alike!!!) We *finally* wandered in to Cugini this Saturday. There was only one other group in the restaurant so we were treated like visiting royalty. Our waiter was prompt, efficient and friendly. Gave us an update on the fire on lower Solano that I'd seen in the morning. (Note to self: DO NOT store empty boxes next to a heater. They tend to burn. )I ordered the veggie sandwich with Fat Tire beer. My dining companion (Mr. Steady-As-He-Goes) ordered a salad. He did not have a beer. Mr. SAHG does not drink beer. Mister enjoyed his salad. I enjoyed my veggie sandwich. I enjoyed my Fat Tire even more. (I hope that St.. Peter will meet me at the Pearly Gates with microbrewed beer but if that's asking too much, I'll settle for Guinness on tap.)We both used the restroom. Separately, of course. This is not the Mile High Club, its Solano Ave. The rr. was airy and clean with the open window looking out on a sweet little Albany backyard. Ever so cute...Nice place, Cugini. We liked it alot. We walked home to discover that Mr. Steady-As-He-Goes had left his expensive, polarized, bifocal shades at the restaurant...About an hour had passed, but they were nowhere to be found. The manager looked everywhere and was sincerely apologetic that he could not find the glasses. Mr. Steady swallowed the news somewhat bitterly. But it definitely wasn't Cugini's fault. These things happen. There is a lesson here.Those of you who know me will see the punchline coming!!!!Here comes the moral, pedalling down the pike:Drink microbrewed beer. Copiously. Assiduously. With gusto.Your glass will always be at least half full; and your eyes will always be merry. And tell St. Peter that you'd like a refill on that Fat TIre. Put it on my tab.* Thanks to my Yelp-pal Alexandra for pointing our that Cugini is "cousin" in Italian.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2010,5/28/2011,563,337,15,17,18>Is it a house?... Or is it a restaurant?!  Or is it both?!The ambiance was impressive.  It's literally a house and the interior is basically tables and lounge chairs situated in the living room and family room.  Love the lounge chairs in front of the fireplace by the way.... And the drinks... Oh my goodness, they have a HUGE selection of beers that I have NEVER EVER heard of as well as an impressive array of whiskeys, bourbons, etc...  The food is good too but the selection is pretty limited.  This is a place to drink!  Think of it more as a great happy hour joint and you won't be disappointed.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,5/27/2011,1948,4780,24,26,24>REVELRY AND REVOLUTION!Beer Revolution could be considered a Study Hall for Yelp University. And in preparation for my Oral Examinations, the following multiple choice question was posed yesterday: What song do you feel like singing when you first walk into this place?A.  In Heaven There Is No Beer....B. 99 Bottles of Beer on the Wall...C. Why Don't We Get Drunk (and Screw)D. You Say you Want a Revolution....E. Up Against the Wall Redneck Mother...F. 40 Ounces To FreedomG. Drop Kick Me Jesus Through the Goalposts of LifeAlthough the Super Bowl is coming up, Choice "G" is out as Beer Revolution is not a sports bar, and you'll need to watch the Pigskin elsewhere. However, the Pulled Pork BBQ sandwich that I purchased just outside (with fresh cole slaw and polenta) could make pigs fly. I haven't seen such a good beer selection since my last visit to the Flying Saucer in Houston. The bottle choices are amazing and the carefully chosen draft selection could easily keep me engaged for a very long time. The folks at the bar also really know their beer and are more than hoppy to help you make a happy choice. Best of all, this is a place that my parents would really enjoy. It's cozy, friendly, unpretentious, and gives you good value for your beer money. It's a great place to chat the time away among friends. And if I include the dog, I'm almost home.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2010,5/26/2011,723,405,22,20,22>You were a complete surprise; but what could I do?  Southwest didn't have service from Orange County to SFO... I will readily admit that you were not always the most convenient or direct option, though the bond we forged is unbreakable.    We've had some trials and tribulations together; both of us maturing, works in progress... under construction and constantly evolving.  Of course that didn't make the last 15 any easier, but we figured it out, didn't we?There are so many things that I've watched change about you through the years, some so subtle that because of our constancy, I feel like I never got the chance to marvel at how much you've grown.  Was it so very long ago that you were small - all promise, possibilities and potential?  Now I look at your face and see a maturity that is both humbling and in the same moment, manages to make me proud, my eyes glisten.  The new angles of you: the way you square your shoulders and stand up straight, proud of who you are, who you will become.    You are so much more now; I am in awe of you and will always be an advocate for you.  Because of you, so many things were made possible, so many Sliding Doors opened,  and I will always be grateful for that.  What a privilege you have given me through so many trips, each a stepping stone to grand dreams and plans that have been realized in you growing up, always at my side.  Spread your wings, and fly.  I love you.
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2011,5/25/2011,371,117,13,10,10>10 rolls, 5 people, 5 sake bottles, & a 'special red bottle' later.... I have to say... you SURPRISED me SUSHI TANGO!!! Pictures tell it allll, so take a look. Let me add that we finished EVERYTHING. Down to the last roll, the last grain of rice, and the last drop of sake. MmmmMmMM...  if they would given us another bottle, I might have to whip out my vocal skills and utilize their KARAOKE room. Good thing we stopped, otherwise, I would clear out the WHOLE restaurant with my ANGELIC voice. It might be a special, but the rolls now are buy one get one FREE. Yes, I said it... FREEEEEEE... So all you BROKE BROTHERS that want to impress your date with SUSHI.... this is the place to be.  Special thank you to our gracious waiter/chef, Jimmy, and Ryan for making our 1st visit a pleasant one =)
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,5/24/2011,187,301,14,10,9>Stript popped my Brazilian cherry many moons ago (back when it was called Hush) and I haven't shaved since (except for that one time when I decided to cut costs and try shaving again---big mistake: $60 is undoubtedly worth a life sans itchy stubble crotch). Yes, it's pricey but you get what you pay for---QUALITY. And I think my va-jay-jay deserves the best, right? I went to Katherine when I was in the city and now that I'm in Oakland, Kimberly is my girl. Both are freakin' amazing! They're great conversationalists and get the job done before you even know it!What I LOVE about Stript:* It's classy (the lavender decor, the staff, the ambiance)* Rooms are always a warm temperature with nice soothing music* Online booking system--which they just updated* Hard wax* Wax packs---if you're a hairy, cheap beast like myself, you end up getting one "free" Brazilian, so you can justify the cost that wayStript is the creme de la creme of waxing in the Bay! Big congrats to Katherine and all her well-deserved success!!!
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,5/23/2011,1137,482,8,13,10>By chance, read about this place in some East Bay mag that I had lying around.  I was intrigued by its Bay Wolf roots.  Factor in me being a sucker for a tasty burger and we decided to head out and give this place a shot.Straight to the point...Awesome burgers.  I got the True Deluxe which is their cheeseburger topped with a breaded/fried portobello mushroom stuffed with smoked mozzarella...soooo good.  Paired with chili cheese fries, we were in fatty food heaven.With super reasonable prices, this place has officially made it on to our regular restaurant repertoire...except on Sundays...since its closed.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,5/22/2011,122,161,13,19,16>Goooooooood morning, America! Hey, this is not a test! This is rice and roll! Time to rock it from the Delta to the D.M.Z.! Come one, come all! Fresh and flavorful food for growling bellies and those longings of spice with everything nice, Mint Leaf is my favorite new discovery.The top-notch service by our server Greta, a cute friendly girl with fun hair, was the best service by far that I had ever received. She went to great lengths to make sure my guest and I were comfortable, even offering a new table that had opened up since we were situated right next to the door. Although, it was a chilly night we were fine. It seems she could read our minds. Whatever we needed, we received, and without asking. Refills, more napkins, hot sauce, you name it! When she brought over the dish of hot sauce, I actually got the chills. This girl really was psychic!This place only gets better. The crispy imperial roll, which is full of minced pork and shrimp, was hot and tasty. The dipping sauce is light semi-sweet fish oil vinaigrette that tasted just as great on dipped fingers. I am not a vegeterrorist, but was tremendously impressed with the tofu and mushroom pagoda. Who says vegetarian dishes have to taste like bland dirt? The serving was so hefty that, even after sharing, I had to request a to-go box. Sizzling and dazzling, the filet mignon cubes with onions, black pepper, and garlic sauce made my mouth dance. I think they even call the dish shaking beef. Ha! Being the girl who hates rice, even Anne Rice, I was surprised I enjoyed their coconut rice so much. It almost tasted like a dessert.The weather at Mint Leaf is spicy, delicious, and definitely warrants a visit, or two, or twenty.
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,5/21/2011,398,617,24,7,8>Sumo Grub is a fat girls dream.  Luckily, I have the spirit of a fat girl.  I am talking cellulite, muffin top, and EEE gazongas.  Usually, I try hard to lock this part of myself away, but at Sumo Grub, I get to indulge and let the fat accumulate in my arteries like snow across the Midwest.  I have had two delightful, let my jelly flag fly free moments so far.  First, I had a simple burger coated in peanut sauce.  This wasn't your Thai place's peanut sauce, this literally was ground up fresh from peanuts.  beats ketchup on fries!  Second, the tempura Mac and Cheese.  I have heard it's a legend in these parts.  The tempura was crunchy and flaky, almost like a fish stick.  The mac and cheese did tasty a little dry and didn't ooze out of the casing like I may have hoped, but the whole concoction was drizzled with cheese sauce and some other sauce which made me want to bathe in it.  I shall be back.  Along with my inner bootyliciousness.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,5/20/2011,643,560,9,13,10>Had an appointment nearby and wanted to try a new cafe. This was the only cafe popping up on Yelp hi-lighting FOOD. I had to double check, is this a restaurant that happens to have with "cafe" in its name? That would be awkward to show up with a labtop bag, books and asked "for how many?". Nope, it's actually a cafe, with free wi-fi too that happens to serve bomb ass food.Now I'm not a beverage snob and as long as there are tables I can study anywhere. What I do hate is going to a cafe, getting into my study zone, getting famished and being forced to order crappy food from the cafe in fear of losing my study momentum and seat. Since I refuse to be those assholes that leave minimal belongings hanging on their seats while they go grub on food outside of the shop, I've eaten pretty crappy cafe food in my day. From cardboard sandwiches, dry muffins, I don't know how many days old croissants, overpriced toasted bread to cold bagels.I walked in and was instantly relaxed. Somehow, this place reminded me of my old college days. Sweet, decorated, cute, comfy. I tried the chicken gyro with a chai latte. The gyro was light and flurry caressing the chicken, salad and yummy sauces inside. The whole thing was fresh from beginning to end, not too saucy nor too oily. You have the option of it coming with a side of cilantro and jalapeño sauce. Don't fret, it's not spicy but more so tangy...yum. I found myself scrapping and trying to savor every last drop! The chai latte came in a pretty tall glass mug with a pretty swirly on top, yay for attention to detail. I loved every last drop. It warmed me from inside out.Are there improvements that can be made here? Sure, perhaps bigger tables for people who want to study here and more outlets. But I really don't think they're going for that atmosphere anyway. This is more so a chill, I need to meet a friend, chill on my labtop, read for leisure kind of place. What sets them apart from any other regular cafe is their food, decor and child friendly areas. They have childproof tables and a children's play area. How thoughtful! The owners must be parents.If I was in the area and needed another place to study and get a yummy snack. Hell yeah I'd come back.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2010,5/19/2011,414,294,5,10,8>Second time around I get to have the chance to dine-in with large group of people.To my surprise! This restaurant is quiet small with a lot of small tables that is suitable for couples. They just combined the table whenever there is a bigger party like our case.The food are are very interesting. One side of menu features all their BBQ shrew related, the other side features their appetizers and rice /noodle plate items.The spice they used for their BBQ shrew crock pot is what we Chinese call the "sichuan spice," which are usually very spicy.  Afraid not, you get to pick the level of spice!Come to think about it, their crock pot and picking your own small item  shrews is almost like eating hot pot except you are not cooking your food and everything is in a shrew.For our crock pot we orderedchicken (it was ok, kind of dry)tofu (that was good)fish ( that was good)seaweed ( it was ok)white cabbage (that was good)Chinese sausage (it is not good)broccoli (it was ok, kind of overcook)They have three difference sauce you can pick from and each cost 1 dollars. Which are the BBQ sauce, sesame sauce and the peanut sauce. I like both the BBQ sauce and the sesame sauce. When you done eating all your item, you can ask for udon for the remaining of the soup. Which by then they added few vegetables and green onions for color. I thought that was a very good idea and the udon tasted pretty good.Out of all those.. I like the vegetables, the fish and the tofu the most.From the  Russian BBQ selection, we tried both the beef and the lamb BBQ. They were both delicious. But they really don't get you a lot. So I don't know if it's worth the price. The owner of the restaurant was very hospitable toward us since it was our boss birthday and has offer a lot other stuff for us to try. Such as their mix stir fried crawfish with lot of ginger and garlic. There were a lot in one plate, but it was alright, not too much taste to it beside the overwhelming gingerly taste. We also tried the fired octopus, which was ok.. nothing good or bad about it. We also tired this dried salted fish that they plan to put on the menu... Coming from Southern China, I had plenty experience of salty fish. But their were not impressive at all. Personally I like it bit more salty. So overall verdicts: Food 3 starsServices 5 stars!
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,5/18/2011,146,319,9,12,11>Your medium-rare bacon burger is a little cool in the bloody center? Do you get it, or don't you?Great ingredients presented with skill and style. Hit the Periscope wine and the lean, rare red meat. Or the Urban Legend wine and the slow cooked osso buco. Pile on some of the ultra-rich polenta and add a side of braised greens with garlic and chili. Have some wonderfully oily grilled sardines for dessert.I once again paraphrase my favorite restaurant review of the decade: who wants to see a long list of mediocrity when you can instead have a few excellent choices?
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,5/17/2011,198,50,15,11,11>Ruth Orkin's 1951 photograph, "American Girl in Italy" orkinphoto.com/american_… pretty much sums up my love hate relationship with Italy.  The food, love.  The men, hate.  For those of you who haven't yet had the opportunity to experience it first hand, picture a woman having to walk through a construction site -- only the construction site is the size of the entire country and the workers are the restaurant servers and maitre d'.  Sure I was offered free food or complimentary dessert and wine, but the 'accidental' back rub or the 'unintended' ass grab did not make it worth it in the long run.  There's something about sleazy service that no matter how good the food is, adds a greasy aftertaste.  That's why I was so happy to discover Trattoria La Siciliana back in Berkeley, the most authentic Italian restaurant I've been to in the East Bay.  It's a small, intimate restaurant where each dish is carefully prepared and served family style.  The seafood is fresh and the pasta or risotto perfectly cooked.  They have a very small kitchen and a busy turn-over, so expect a wait.  Some of my favorites have been the linguini sauteed with spicy tomato sauce served with fresh Maine lobster in the shell and the risotto cooked in lobster stock served with fresh tiger prawns.  Anyway you go, the food is delicious.  Unfortunately, along with the authenticity of the food comes a hint of real Italian hospitality... as in the male servers.  Although accompanied by my male companion there was definitely some casual back rubs while asking our satisfaction with the food and a complimentary glass of wine for me.  Can you really fault a restaurant for being too authentic?  Minus one star for authenticity.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,5/16/2011,330,444,13,18,17>Agggh why didn't anyone say this is the beautiful green tile building with exquisite architectural details on the corner of 14th and Harrison that used to be some shady looking Korean-G hang out!? (Hey I'm a visual person.) I get it now.  Went here last night for a networking event and Disco Volante was packed to the gills with awesome Oaklander's and people who are from/live/work/ do business in Oakland.  Some tasty food bites provided and lots of good drinks.  The interior is smaller than it looks, from the outside, but there's a bar area as well as big booth seating area.  The middle was cleared out for crowds but I assume they have seating there normally.  Hoping for the best for Disco Volante.  Also hoping this brings more traffic down to Geisha, another bar just across the street. Cheers to Oakland!
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,5/15/2011,457,309,5,10,6>So before I get to the food, I have to say that I was a bit confused about this cafe's little identity crisis.  Though I had eaten at "Cafe Mattina," I didn't realize it was the same place when I had "Cafe Intermezzo" bookmarked (I'd seen them on Yelp at different times, both with good reviews).  For any of you confused out there: YES, they are the same place.Now, the food.  Caution: You may not be able to breathe after eating here.  The portions are HUGE.  I got a combination half sandwich with half tossed greens salad.  I was torn between roast beef and pastrami, but luckily, they allowed me to have both on the same sandwich!  The "half" sandwich was as big as many full sandwiches I've had and tasted pretty good!   The half salad was quite big too, and as much as I hate wasting food, I definitely could not finish it all after that full sandwich.Some downsides: 1. One thing I didn't like about both the sandwich and salad was that they both had waaaay too many sprouts.  Maybe there are some super sprout lovers out there, but I can only take so many.  2. The salad could have used more dressing.  I asked for it mixed in, but I should've asked for it on the side so I could have more (otherwise, they charge you for more dressing!!).  3. When I specifically ask to have something taken off, I hate when they don't listen.. I asked for no tomatoes, and unfortunately, tomatoes were sprinkled over everything.To drink, I ordered the strawberry lemonade, which was absolutely delicious, and they give you free refills!!  Actually, this was my favorite part of the meal (not in a bad way, it was just THAT good).Overall,  Intermezzo is a well-priced and good place for lunch if you want big portions of cold sandwiches and/or salads.  As a hot sandwich girl myself, maybe I'll bring in something to eat and just come for multiple refills of strawberry lemonade heheh, mmmm.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,5/14/2011,102,109,8,12,10>Nex, MUA's sister restaurant, has been conveniently opened up right Nex to one my favorite spots in Oakland. I've heard alot about their killer Marrows & had to come & try it for myself. The Marrow Bones come in 3's and are served with crusty bread, gremolata, & parsley salad. They are served as an appetizer, cut widthwise with small spoons to dig your way into. Makes for alot of fun but I kind of wish I had a buzzsaw to cut them lengthwise for easy access & to lick out the rest. The way you eat bone marrow is you scoop up the marrow, smear it over the toast, and then you sprinkle some salt on top of it to bring the flavor out. The key is the salt because without it, the marrow taste is dull and unflavorful. If you've never tried marrow before, it is basically condensed beefiness in jelly-like form. It's kind of like when you take a piece of bread and soak up leftover juices from a beef dish. Juicy, robust & seasoned nicely. Soo good it reminds me of a filipino dish i haven't eaten in years called Beef Bulalo, served with bone marrow. Time to dust off the cookbook! We also tried the Nex Pizza with caramelized onions, pork belly, rabe, & pecorino. I think we were curious since we noticed there were several ingredients we've never tried on a pizza. Broccoli rabe or rapini added a pungent, nutty, somewhat bitter taste. The pecorino cheese stamped the pizza with a distinct taste of different. Fulfilling, nothing mind blowing.The ambience of the place is cool for an afterwork happy hour, destination hooky, meet up with friends type place. I can't argue, it's a great addition to the Oakland foodie scene.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,5/13/2011,351,380,9,12,13>i really think the people at wood tavern can do no wrong. whatever food they bring me i find myself in love with. because i think they have the best burger in the east bay and possibly the world, i was so excited to hear they were opening a sandwich place next door to wood tavern. i was slightly bummed when i saw how small it was, cause if there's one thing i hate, it's waiting to eat when i am hungry and knowing how popular they are i figured i would never get in there. we happened to head over for lunch on one of the coldest rainiest days of the year and still it was mostly full of people. however there were two seats at the bar and i couldn't have been a happier girl. :)it's a cute and cozy lil set up, with seats all along the bar and at the window and small tables for two along the wall and tucked into the back. the husband and i shared grandma's meatball sandwich on a la farine baguette. it's drippy and greasy, but those meatballs might just change your life. i'm still thinking about them. wood tavern has a way with meat so it shouldn't be a surprise. we also shared the frisee salad with poached egg, bacon, radishes and truffled cheese. i can't even believe this is allowed to be called a salad. it tastes so wicked good i could eat this for dessert. we cleaned our plates. for us day drinkers, there's is a local oakland beer on tap and a few wine choices. cause wine really does go so well with sandwiches. also, as they are at wood tavern, they are SUPER nice here. so not only do they have amazing food, they also make you feel like you too should be nicer. and i get it, i mean if i could eat this food whenever i wanted i would probably be a lot nicer too.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,5/12/2011,483,161,7,13,11>Another great Philly Cheezsteak!Tom of Yo Phillys sold out (I guess he was getting too fat from all the cheezsteaks).  I cant blame him, I would too.  Tom #2 is now the new owner.  He is carrying the flame for Yo Phillys and has big rolls to fill.  And he is doing it well, very well.The Amoroso Rolls from back east are slightly toasted and filled with quality, succulent, tender beef and lotsa white cheez (or whiz for those who want to ruin a true philly).  Any self respecting east coaster knows its all about the white cheez.  With some grilled onions and peppers out, Im in a euphoric bliss. Give me elbow room, shut up and leave me alone while I enjoy my manly double Philly.Long gone are the Rocky memorabilia.  But I'll take the all you can drink dispenser any day of the week that now adorns the wall.  The hot dog on the menu is also to die for.  After all who wouldnt enjoy a grilled dog (split) on a lightly toasted Amorosa roll with grilled peppers, onions and white cheez.  And if that werent enough for ya.. howabout all that for $3.50... hot diggity DOG!Although I will miss Tom #1 dearly, I now look forward to seeing Tom #2 weekly.  Long live the Alameda Cheezsteak!
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,5/11/2011,273,265,13,11,12>Koreana, I love you!You, with your cold and hot food deli that has the best Korean sushi rolls, fried pollack and kimchee fried rice with spam (git down wit'yo bad self!).You, with the ridiculous amounts of fresh and frozen meats one could ever wish for.You, with the largest selection of Asian snack foods ever!You, with the fresh seafood and produce sections people would die for.You, with the ridiculously reasonable (read cheap!) prices that I could feed a family of 8 dinner for under $100 for a whole week!I love you, Koreana Plaza, and the rest of Yelptown should too.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2010,5/10/2011,370,482,7,15,14>I'm breaking the silence. After nearly six months of not writing Yelp reviews, I'm BACK. Not sure why L&M prompted me to get back in the game, but I've gone there a handful of times in recent months, so I figured it was time.OK, four stars might be a BIT much, but I don't think it's too much of an exaggeration. I was surprised to see the overall so-so reviews for this place so I had to show some love. Is it the the most amazing breakfast find around? No. But is it consistently good food with nice waitstaff? Yes. The bathroom's even clean.I haven't had a meal other than breakfast here in YEARS (when they used to be next to the Vine Cinema, holla!). Sometimes I choose L&M over other "more exciting" breakfast places because I know I won't have to wait, and I like that it's downtown. They come around often for the coffee refills too.Most recently I tried something new, the garden skillet. It's basically an omelette but they put the eggs on top of the country potatoes and veggies. It was quite tasty and filling and the leftovers held up just fine for breakfast the next day. Their french toast (both regular and cinnamon) is good. The best around? No, but I can't think of anywhere else in the Tri-Valley that's amazing either (sigh).All-in-all, it's good food, good staff, clean place and they even have a sweet mural on the wall.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,5/9/2011,423,725,14,14,16>OOh, Gather.  So delicious, such a cornucopia of flavors, and there are good taste surprises around every corner of the menu.  The vegan charcuterie is always a good choice, and they definitely seem to realize that us veggies and vegans need our protein too - nuts, beans, mushrooms, and eggs are around every corner.I've been twice, and loved it each time.  I like how specific the menu items are - this item is locally sourced, this is a "sunchoke" (which is?), that is a "winter citrus carpacchio."  (you can call me Vigo the Carpacchian if you like)  That specificity leads you to believe that they are constantly experimenting with flavors and picking just the right items to complement each other.  The results speak for themselves.Beer selection and wine selection are equally good, and they stand up to and enhance the flavor of the food.Sure, service is a little slow, but if you have time, it's definitely worth the trip.  If it's your first, it definitely won't be your last.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,5/8/2011,151,178,10,16,12>Amazing place. Hard to add much to the comprehensive insights of Betty H. and Anthony S. except maybe:You can sample EVERY oil and vinegar they carry, and very easily. Each stainless steel barrel, over the (mostly) pre-packaged bottles, has a spigot. Stacks of small plastic cups are everywhere, and samples of bread cubes abound. Go, pour yourself a tiny sample, take a little shot, leave enough to dab the bread in, and try to refrain from licking out whatever's left over. But just make sure you go! I got the 'standard' (oh what a relative term) balsamic vinegar; made an emulsified dressing from simple greens last night -- sweet, slightly tart, dimensions in flavor you just don't get from TJ balsamic. I also picked up a bottle of truffled oil (white/French, vs. their black/Italian) ... never cooked with it before but Betty H. was kind enough to tell me what I could do with it.  ;) I'll be back again. And again and again.
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,5/7/2011,506,510,7,11,9>I have read many reviews on the Legendary Palace for dim sum but decided it would be a better choice for dinner.  My last visit I noticed this interesting dish in aluminum foil that the table next to me had ordered. After inquiring with the waiter he indicated that this was flounder in XO (13.99) sauce. Hmmm... I was thinking that this was based from Hennessy XO cognac but I guess I was somewhat ignorant. The sauce is based on scallop, garlic, onion and other ingredients. This stuff is tasty and I would not hesitate on ordering it again. I could not believe how light the flounder was in the sauce, not greasy and it was cooked to perfection.The other entree ordered was the prawns with greens (12.99), this dish was the filler vegetable dish but it was better then average. I figure these two dishes would be more then enough with the rice. Mango pudding with the condensed milk was nice touch for dessert, not too sweet.I can't believe the availability of different items that that can be order ie. steamed frog, geo-duck clam, shark fin. Talk about exotic and authentic chinese cuisine. Legendary Palace is definitely not your brocolli beef, sweet and sour pork, and fried rice type of restaurant. Very good service, worth a repeat visit.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,5/6/2011,716,387,7,11,12>It's my first time ever having chicken and waffles. I first saw Brown Sugar Kitchen featured on Chow.com's Oakland feature and then again on Check! Please. I was pretty much sold by then. Coming here wasn't all that hard but during the lunch hour parking can be quite crowded and long wait times are very much expected from talking to Krys S.We came in the front door and there was already a fairly large crowd waiting up on tables. I gave my name so they can waitlist my table of three and walked backed outside to sit on the benches outside. It was a bit chilly that day but I rather not be standing inside in such a crowded area. Even with the large crowd, I was actually expecting to wait at least forty-five minutes but it took about half an hour to get our tables.We first started out by ordering our drinks, I had a simple coffee. And oh man, I sure love the coffee here! Normally as a black coffee drinker this stuff amazing. It wasn't overwhelmingly bitter or anything, it's had just the right amount of taste and bitterness for my palette. For lunch, I went straight for their famous chicken and waffles and opted in to pay extra for their legit maple syrup. I have to say the restaurant is quite expensive for chicken and waffles. My friend also had the same while his mom got a smoked chicken and shrimp gumbo. Our food a really long time to come out but our server came up to us and told us up front that the waffle machine was being backup so they are giving us some beignets on the house. The beignets are basically just large deep fried doughs covered in powdered sugar. They were decent but applying some of their awesome jam made all the differences! Soon after our main order came out. The gumbo I had a couple spoons of it, and actually liked it. My friend, however, didn't liked it and thought that the shrimp were a overcooked. I absolutely love their chicken and waffles. The buttermilk fried chicken was very juicy and seasoned nicely. The cornmeal waffles were surprisingly feather weighted for their size, and warm, crispy goodness! The syrup is the biggest surprise for me, I never though it can go so well with both the chicken and waffles.-----+ Pro: Excellent food, friendly service.- Con: Long wait times, very pricey.\( ^,^)/ Overall: Ignoring the long wait times, best chicken and waffles!
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,5/5/2011,523,699,18,19,17>My friend S, who shall remain nameless, has a dilemma.  She is facing the childhood dream held by kids of divorced parents- her parents are getting back together.  30+ years later.  Don't worry, it IS as icky as it sounds.Thankfully, when we came here for my friend's mom's birthday dinner, the dating dad was safely at home so we didn't have to see some weird mating ritual.  Seeing MY mom date was traumatic enough.  I find that Bocanova is pretty much the perfect restaurant for me, although I am going to hold back on that 5th star right now.   It might come, but I would have to come back to be sure.  This is a very solid place, however, for a number of reasons:1) All it took was a look from dating mom showing her displeasure of her martini, apparently the vermouth was a little heavy-handed.  It was whisked away, exchanged for a martini with just a "whisper" of vermouth.  Frankly I didn't know booze could talk.  That's good management.2) The small plates- enough for a meat eater like me while still getting my veggies.3) The wine list.  And wine Wednesdays.  Definitely something to consider when I want to drown my sorrows mid-week.4) The location.  Although we were a little late to experience sunset, I can imagine how beautiful it is.  And the decor is pretty neat otherwise.This is definitely a place for a group dinner or a quiet date- whether you're on your celebrating something old or new.  Or in the case of my friend's parents- both.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2010,5/4/2011,285,153,14,10,9>Me to the bartender last night: "I'll have a pint of the Black Butte Porter please."The bartender: "Thank you SO MUCH for not calling it Black Butt porter, you have no idea how many people actually call it that!"Frankly, I'm not really sure what the above exchange illustrates, other than the fact that the bartenders are literate and have an awesome sense of humor. Takes a while to get a drink at this place, especially when one of the bartenders is on the stage participating in karaoke. Very excellent  beer selection, strong mixed drinks and some decent food options if you need something to nosh on. There's shuffleboard if you need some recreation to go along with your drinking, but get here early-ish if you want to get a crack at it.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,5/3/2011,266,222,10,13,11>Ohhh it's so fantastic I don't know what to do with myself.I was on my way to Trader Joes and happened to pass by the European Wax Center and noticed the sign out front:Free waxing: Eyebrows, Bikini, or underarms if you're a new customer.Yes, I had to double take. Free? Does that really say free??I walked into the center and the environment screams "I'm expensive!" Aw, well. My first thought was, "I might as well utilize my freebee now because I probably wont be able to afford coming back here again" but it's really, actually, quite affordable. It's actually pretty @#$@# cheap!I inquired about the free waxing services and the ladies at the counter were really friendly. Both were very informative, patient with my skeptical-ness, and they were kind enough to give me a business card with a full list of prices so that I could finish wandering around south shore while taking a look at what options I had. They also informed me that Brazillians were being offered at half off too! The regular $39 price was already incredibly fair so I couldn't pass up an offer of $19.50.Just a few months ago I went elsewhere and paid $60 after tip so $19.50 sounds like a pretty damn good deal! But, hmm, I thought maybe I'll just stick to the eyebrows...Typical me, I couldn't decide. And I pretty much stood there like a dork thinking of all the possible combinations of waxing I could get that would optimize my savings.So to make things less awkward for myself, I went to Trader Joe's and got some frozen cranberries for some recipe my dad was following, and then wandered my way back to the European Wax Center after making my decision.MJ is the waxing queen at this location and she is friendly, professional, and very confident. Let me tell you, there is nothing worse than a wimp trying to ferociously rip hair off your body. *shudders* She was so nice throughout the entire process that I can't imagine going anywhere else now. The place is very conveniently located too! (When did South Shore turn so trendy!?)Over all, the service was as good as it gets, the prices are very fair, and the environment is very soothing.Though lets be real, ripping hair off of your body is no vacation and no matter how nice the room is, it all goes dark from the pain after a few minutes anyway. But it's nice to know that before the trembling and the I'm-in-so-much-pain stars start twinkling that yes, you are in a clean, well kept, spa-like environment with a professional that knows what she's doing.(: See you in a few weeks, European Wax Center, because I will most definitely be back!
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2010,5/2/2011,294,570,10,7,9>You alright in my book when your "small" beer (OB) is a "tiny" 22 oz bottle.  You can only imagine what the large entails and yes Ice Cube from Boyz n da Hood would approve.  But all this beer only compliments the decent and simple Korean food to be had in this small joint.Fried chix is their deal here but outside the nice texture of the super light batter and properly fried chicken itself, it all just seemed a little too simple.  Very little seasoning on the chicken itself.  Probably was meant to be tossed in one of their many sauces, but we chose to get them on the side and dip our chicken.  Which was a good decision b/c even though the sauces had good flavor, I just don't care for the thickish, cornstarch-y consistency of these sauces.I actually found their bbq'd dishes to be more on point.  The chicken was super moist and flavorful as was the short ribs and spicy pork.  They have a really good marinade which makes you just want to woof down some white rice.Small salad bar to add some fiber to your meal was thoughtful, but what's up with that pickled daikon.  I mean it stank like someone let one out in a rude way.  How does one get that past their nose?  But keep that shit covered (pun not intended), and hells yes, I'd be back.  And I just might splurge on a large beer this time.  See how I am?
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2010,5/1/2011,833,1145,7,12,10>I absolutely love this place. Though I haven't been to many tiki bars, I think this will probably one of the best ones I'll ever go to in my life.This place usually has theme nights and we had forgotten that until we came here on a Monday. It was movie night and the theme was mermaid so everyone was in their hawaiian shirts. I was pretty sad I didn't have my Hawaiian shirt with me because I actually own one for occasions like these. They have like three special drinks like every day of the week too.Definitely be prepared for standing room only if you can't find a chair to pull up because this place is actually kind of small, but they have a nice patio area out back. They have a small parking lot out back too. The service is awesome and everyone is pretty friendly here and it's generally an older crowd. You can get a free mai tai on your birthday and they'll even light it on fire for you. The drinks here are far from weak and definitely pack a punch. Now good luck choosing a drink because the menu is super big and almost everything sounds delicious. The menu is also helpful because it tells you how strong each drink is, though the zombie, which was the highest ranked, was actually not that strong. The menu also lets you know which drinks they can make virgin, for those who just want a smoothie. I The large menu alone is enough to have you coming back for its creative cocktails. It's guaranteed to be a fun time here whether you and your group is sharing a bowl or trying each other's individual drinks.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2010,4/30/2011,237,521,7,13,9>After reading all the reviews and passing by on a few occassions, I decided to give this place a try.We arrived around 6:30 on Friday afternoon and were lucky to find that there wasn't a line.  Although there were tables available, we had to write our name on the list and wait to be called.  Apparently they were trying to get a party of 6 to fill the one table that was available, so we waited about 10 minutes before they reluctantly let us be seated.Our server was very attentive when taking our order, but once the food was served, he had moved on and we were helped by the "busser/expeditor."We ordered the following:Honey Walnut Prawns A- (J's Garden in Vallejo is still #1)Shrimp Fried Rice A- (Shan Dong in Oakland is still #1)Chicken with Garlic Stems A+Minced Chicken with Lettuce APot Stickers A (I didn't care for them, but everyone else liked them)The prices weren't over the top and the food was very good.The only downside is that due to the size of this location, they are constantly trying to turn tables to optimize revenue, so having a relaxing meal with conversation can be frowned upon.  It was funny, there was a party of 8 at the table behind us, and the young man produced a MC Black Diamond Card to pay for his bill, and the server questioned the card.  I was laughing, knowing how few people actually have the luxury of holding these cards, especially someone under 25.  Then the group was asked to leave since they had paid their bill.So, if you want to enjoy your company and have conversation, this might not be the spot.  But the food was very good.  Prepare for a wait if your arrive around 7pm.  When we left the line was wrapped around the corner.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,4/29/2011,104,415,18,25,21>Classic Burger gets bumped up to 5 stars!What?Explain yourself, man!My many enemies would beg to differ, but I'm known as a nice guy. There are 2 reasons why this place deserves my love, though: reliability and consistency.I'm never disappointed when I go here. Classic Burger has become a good friend (like my beef jerky and Hello Kitty Snuggie- hellokittylimited.blogsp…), and you can never have enough of those. When we're really hungry (okay, when I'M really hungry), this is the place my wife and I go to the most. Not everything on the menu is stellar (the hot dogs could be better), but there's very little to complain about.There's another cashier (we saw her on Friday).I think she's the couple's oldest daughter (she's a teenager).She's a little quiet and shy (this is understandable, and I actually like this- I've dealt with a number of servers who drew too much attention to themselves), but cute and friendly. She got our order right, but apologized to me anyway when she brought back my burger (I wasn't given any bacon at first- I only had to wait 2 minutes for some, and the lead cook is normally perfect).Note: All prices include tax.NY Steak Sandwiches (it appears in plural form on the menu): 8/10.For $6.57, you receive a juicy piece of steak in a 7" roll (I just had mine with some mayo).I enjoyed the steak I had recently (it was cooked well), but the sandwiches should be cut in half. The steaks could also be trimmed some more. I had to remove a few fatty pieces along the sides.Grilled Ham & Cheese ($3.94): 9/10.Double Cheeseburger (with Bacon): 9/10 (I'm not totally sure, but I believe they're $6.24).I'll keep the scores the same, but my Grilled... sandwiches have been fairly loaded with ham and cheese lately. To say that I sometimes crave them would be an understatement (I always have to force myself to take my time- the sandwiches are so good that I could eat one in a minute).The burgers have been bigger lately (you can just tell by looking at them), and they're always good. The slices of bacon I received on Friday were more fatty than normal, but still meaty (the bacon is always juicy).  A lot of people call their orders in.Still, if you eat inside, you'll receive your food within 10 minutes no matter what (only once have my wife and I had to wait this long- we usually receive our food within 5 minutes). The CLASSIC lights are still out (my wife and I typically go here at night).This makes my Update on 12/1/10 look more relevant, though, and so that's fine with me.It would be nice if receipts were provided (everything is written on order pads). It would just be helpful.I'm starting to train my wife well (hey, sometimes the shoe is on the other foot). She now gives me a small onion ring right away (yes, her love for me knows no bounds). Anyway, the one I had on Friday was good.We shared some fries (I believe they're now $1.81, just 6 cents more than before). They were hot and crispy, and we received a large portion. I gave the fries an 8/10 in the past, but I give the ones we had on Friday an 8.5/10. They were even better (slightly) than the ones we had a few weeks ago. I think we've seen this family who came in on Friday before. The adults were playing a game with their kid (it was loud, but I was touched because everyone was laughing and having fun- when I have kids, I want to experience as many sweet moments like that as possible). Classic Burger came through for me again on Friday. I left happy, grateful, and full. Thank you, my friend. I guess I'm not the only fan of this song:youtube.com/watch?v=EZoH…
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2010,4/28/2011,80,175,13,11,12>Yellowtail is a restaurant so good that I waited to review them.You see, I had to be sure.They're *really* good, tho--I'm positive about it.  I can't speak too intelligently about the fish--I usually have three to five species represented in my meal and they're always fresh, tender, and melt appropriately on the tongue--but I'm not a fish nerd.Rice on the other hand, I can geek out on, and their rice is excellent (if you only eat sashimi, then you're a douchebag... unless you're diabetic, in which case you're my mom).  Perfectly glossy, slight sweetness, slight sour, perfectly firm and sticky.  Fuck, yeah, that's a beautifully prepared grain you're cramming into your maw, good ladies and sirs.They have a happy hour on... uh... what is it... Monday thru Thursday?  I forget, call them, but it's 15% off rolls and $1 off beer, and $2 off big beers and sake bottles. Or something like that--call them!Best roll on the menu (IMHO) is the 49er roll.Now, don't get me wrong, I hate the sushi house "regional specialties" that crop up in the Bay Area (and, presumably, everywhere).  That's the kind of silliness that results in spicy tuna and rice and special sauce and tender beef and unagi and shrimp tempura... all in the same roll.  Then calling it the Cal Bear roll.Okay, so, 49er roll--must be one of the usual lame roll kow-tow'ing to the faithful, right?  Nope.  Crabmeat and Avocado inside; Salmon and Lemon outside.  Delicious.Go.  Go now.  Or, maybe wait for happy hour.  But you won't regret it.  it's a lovely, softly lit interior, and there's a gigantic fucking fish in the men's bathroom.  You cannot resist.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2010,4/27/2011,2016,1122,7,10,9>the best in the tri valley for over 25 years and i have been lucky enough to see most of em. if your lookg for a great breakfast they got it and served all day so you can't get much better than that. it's always very hard for me to decide if i want to go with the breakfast, lunch or dinner menu because it's all that good. the staff is always so darn friendly you actually start wishing someone would pinch you to see if you wake up. the place is full of booths so all of you booth whore will be in hog heaven here.make sure you always come hungry because the portions are so HUGE. i'll see ya there soon i hope!
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,4/26/2011,126,1452,17,21,23>We were greatly impressed with our lunch here on Sunday.  I am also really happy its so close to my house.Their website is really great too.  We studied it like good little yelp students the night before.  One note they should take into consideration, include your cocktail menu in the on line menu.  Just a suggestion.We walked in a at least 3 groups of people were waiting to be seated.  My eyes laser beamed to the bar area and saw 3 open tables.  I asked the hostess if the bar is open seating.  You know it is!Boom, we were at our seat.  Great large bar area that is open and airy.  For our first drink we ordered the Pomegranate in a Pear Tree. I'm dedicating this part of my review to Kim D. because I ordered mine virgin style.It was good and I really could pretend I was back to my good ol' cocktail days.  Sorry, even though it didn't have booze in it I cant remember what was in it virgin or not.For starters we had an order of Onion Rings.  Large and steaming.  Perfect Onion Rings.  I didn't like the Aioli served with it.  It was like tangy BBQ flavored Aioli.  It didn't sit well on my pallet.For my food I ordered the Mac N' Cheese with Bacon.  I looooved it!  How could you not?  Mac N' Cheese with Bacon is like saying Sweet Baby Jesus.  Its perfect.  I couldn't finish it though.  I took most of it home and ate it for dinner.I also ordered a house salad with my Mac.  It was a garden salad with red lettuce.  I hate red lettuce.  So I picked at it mostly.  I forget red lettuce is the new thing in the salad world. My husband ordered the Coconut Shrimp.  They smelled wonderful but why would I bother when I have a steaming pile of Mac N' Cheese in front of me?My husband ordered a bunch of other drinks too.  I was jealous of most of them.  The Saint had pureed Mango and Vodka in it.  The Tropical 42 looked and smelled the best, and it had Raspberry Puree in it also.  I pointed at it and told the glass I hated it, in an abusive stalker ex-boyfriend kind of way.The Blue Goose smelled like gin flavored rubbing alcohol with a hint on lemon.  My husband said even if I was drinking I wouldn't have liked that one.This place is soon to have out door seating near the bar with a fire pit.  So all the more reason to come back.We just really enjoyed coming here and if you know us you know we will rotate through here often.  I'm actually excited about it!
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,4/25/2011,1261,122,11,15,14>MMMMMMMUA!!! Yes, like a kiss from a beautiful girl, Mua is fantastic. This Oakland based Lounge/Restaurant is a very nice place to meet up with some friends and have a few drinks on a Friday night. With an urban style look and a wide open feel, this place really makes you feel comfortable as soon as you enter the joint. The bar is located immediately as you walk in and there are tables up stairs and down stairs to dine in. This Oakland's hidden gem is really not the place if you're looking for a 5 star meal, although they do have some very nice food to go with your drinks. The Ahi Tuna Sashimi and the Brussels Sprouts with Brown Butter are just a few you might want to snack on while you hang out and meet some folks. A Min Mojito is perfect to take the edge off from a long day at work. Not over-the-top amazing, but very cool and relaxing.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,4/24/2011,231,454,15,13,13>I noticed a moment ago that my right hamstring is almost as big as my left. I was making tea. I always check my hamstrings whilst making tea. Last year about this time the hamstring comparison would have yielded a different result. Last year the middle head of my right hammy was in two pieces. I had gone roller skating with the niece and nephew, you see, at Interskate where you could skate all day under the disco ball for four dollars. Four dollahs! And, and you could participate in all the physical challenges, like Limbo Bar and Dixie Cup Splits. I didn't do limbo bar because I was pretty sure the six year-olds were more bendy and I only do shit I know I can win. Because I'm a winner like Charlie Sheen. But as I have a broad leg-span and was certain I'd take home the prize I did take a go at Cups. You know where this story is going. I'll spare you the details of my Mom breaking her hip the next day slipping on ice as she tried to make it easier for my hamstring-torn ass to get into the car for church. I'll spare you a description of my 9 year-old nephew's visage when I explained how since it was his idea we go skating he, thusly, was responsible for my torn leg and his Grandma's busted bone. I'll spare you all that. What I won't spare you is this - since I still have not married health insurance I self-diagnose. After said diagnosis (I saw that upon returning to CA from NY the land of horrible accidents the back of my leg was black like coal and after a month I still pretty much could only walk at a snail's pace) I thought perhaps a physical therapist might be in order. A friend recommended ESPT. So glad. I loved them first because they didn't make me feel like a complete jackass for not going to the hospital. Then I loved them more for the routine, the exercises, the good humor, the pretty therapist that gave me massages and ultrasound, the extremely reasonable rate, and the healing. Loveys, you gots an ailment? Take it to ESPT. They'll hook you up. You got health insurance? Marry me.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,4/23/2011,827,179,9,18,12>For the longest time I have been jealous of UCLA's Diddy Riese, and finally, Berkeley has its very own... Cream. That said, I am still a huge fan of Diddy Riese, I have many fond memories of visiting the place and waiting in line.It's been at the back of my mind to try this place out, however, every time I've passed the place, there has always been a crazy long line until today...I was driving past and I spotted a line of five outside, OF FIVE! I immediately parked and joined the line. I ordered two combinations: French Vanilla with Oatmeal Raisin and Praline Cream with Chocolate chip cookie. They were $1.50 each.Hopefully, they will have more choices -ahem white chocolate macadamia- and reach the success of Diddy Riese. But for now, I have a close substitute within my proximity. That's just awesome.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2010,4/22/2011,1020,575,19,19,20>Usually I only write review updates if there's something significant to report since my last visit to a business. My, has this place changed since my last visit last year! For one, they're now self serve, which they didn't used to be. That is definitely a plus. Because of this, they charge per ounce instead of set prices per size. Their sign said something like 35 cents or 36, I can't recall. I suppose they can earn more bucks per customer with all the kids coming in going buckwild with all their swirls and the limitless toppings (as witnessed during my visit).Another good thing to report was the dude at the counter was super nice and friendly. Some regular froyo heads were talking to him, and I overheard that he's moving out of town since he has a new baby, but he said he'll come by to visit every so often. When I went up to pay, he asked me in a neighborhood friendly way, "So what flavor did you get?" and that simple question sparked a mini conversation. Love it.Here's the breakdown of the flavors I tried:Red Velvet - that brick red froyo was a bit startling in color, but what was more in your face was the cocoa flavor. Maybe I was expecting more cake flavor than cocoa like a real red velvet, but I suppose that would be hard to execute with froyo. An A for effort.New York Cheesecake - This was probably my favorite. Subtle sweet cream cheese flavor. Just what I was looking for!Cookies and Cream - another flavor that kinda fell short for me. Seemed more like vanilla with cookie bits mixed in. Maybe more oreo stuffing creaminess would do the trick.Cinnamon Bun - Now this was interesting. Almost tasted like an horchata. Cinnamon not too overpowering that you can taste the vanilla base. This was a pleasant surprise.Toppings: Cheesecake bites, strawberry fizz (yogurt covered strawberry pop rocks...the coolest thing), cookie dough, and yogurt chips. I didn't see any mochi, which swayed my other choices of toppings. But they did have lychee jelly, which would probably work better during a fruit-inspired froyo visit.On a separate sidenote that might run as TMI....I love Ashley's reference to the self flagellation. Now, I personally am not lactose intolerant. I've had many a-froyo cups before. But for some reason this cup made my tummy rumble with gas. Maybe the dairy ratio in their froyo runs high or maybe I just had way too much for my tummy to handle. Either way, I'll heed caution when it comes to my portions next time. And yes, there's a next time!
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2011,4/21/2011,331,587,18,27,19>This review is dedicated to my Valentine: my wonderful tabby cat named Toshiro.Awhile back he was having some urological issues, as male cats tend to go through at least one point in their lives. God sure made some cute cats, but what's with the poorly designed anatomy? Their urethrae are so narrow, thus prone to obstruction :(Naturally, all these problems arose near the end of a Saturday, so I couldn't get in to see my regular vet. VCA was the third place I called and they said bring him in, we'll see him! I got there in a flash and he was triaged right away and cleared. We had to wait a bit for the meeting with the vet, but knowing that his vitals were good was a major relief, though my fingernails suffered a brutal attack while I was waiting.  They ordered a urinalysis (he's not a junkie) and told me what to look out for, but didn't see a blockage. That visit was free because we were first time patients there!These symptoms returned a few weeks later, and once again VCA accommodated us on demand and treated Toshi like the king that he is. X-rays, exams, and medications later, he was on the mend, and so was I. We saw two different vets across the visits, but I particularly liked Dr. Bynum, who also happens to be the medical director. Her bedside manner was perfect and there was no pressure (except my own) to keep going with the pricey diagnostic exams.Now that we're both healthy and happy, look for my funny valentine in our upcoming funny cat video coming to a youtube near you.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,4/20/2011,184,198,13,13,13>1212 reviews.  Oh what the hell, if some if good, more is better, right?  And that's the general idea at Fenton's.  I hadn't been here in YEARS, partly because it had been quite a while since I really could eat 5 pounds of ice cream at a sitting and wake up the next morning not having gained an ounce.I can't believe I'd never taken my son, now 15, and on a Kaiser Pharmacy run yesterday, decided he should bust his maraschino Fenton's cherry.  He had the Cookie Connection, featuring Oreos, marshmallow & chocolate syrups, a chocolate chip cooke, and what lookd like about 5 scoops of ice cream.  I have long been a fan of the Black & Tan, at least the PROPER b&t, with hot FUDGE and hot caramel syrups (get outta here with your plain ol chocolate syrup), but couldn't see myself eating the giant one.  For a dollar less you can get a "junior" sized one, which isn't a great deal financially, but it's a sign of maturity that it made sense to me to order that instead.The waiter was more than happy to accommodate our alternate ice-cream requests, in my case Heath Bar Crunch, and  Cookie Dough and Chocolate in the boy's.  My son didn't entirely do justice to his sundae, but ate enough to get food-drunk, and nearly spit ice cream out his nose laughing.  My princess-size sundae was absolutely perfect, with the syrups being distributed throughout, and in proper proportion - it was every taste I'd been dreaming of every time I had thought fondly of Fenton's, and I think may have been better than it was the old days.It's not gourmet ice cream, although they make it themselves, and the food is not nouvelle cuisine or heart-healthy, but wtf, it's Fenton's  Every once in a while, you've got to kick out the jams and just be a little hedonistic.  If nothing else,  a great mom-son bonding experience, and good clean fun.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,4/19/2011,382,382,8,7,7>You can all thank Henry S for putting in this request.   Childrens' songs are harder than say Vanilla Ice yelp.com/biz/sen-dai-sus…, but if you put in a request I aim to deliver so....to the tune of one of my childhood favorites "The Itsy Bitsy Spider"....The itsy bitsy spider rolland poke salad came outThen spicy rolls and special rollsyou sure won't see me poutOut came the Nigoriand my tears of hunger dried awayAnd while right now I'm super fullIn an hour I'll be okayNama sushi is quickly becoming my favorite sushi place in the east bay.  Filled with inventive rolls that are even pictured at the table so you can drive yourself crazy deciding what to order (everything looks so good), this place has everything I like in a decent sushi joint:***Fish is fresh and lots of different rolls***They have decent priced Nigori (and they have this on draft, so we got a huge teapot for like $15)***Service is swift so you don't have visions of gnawing on your own arm while you smell the aroma of delicious food wafting at the table next to you
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,4/18/2011,301,336,18,20,14>"Vegetarians, and their Hezbollah-like splinter faction, the vegans, are a persistent irritant to any chef worth a damn."~Anthony BoudainTypically I would agree wholeheartedly with Tony here...but man, I bet Tony never ate at Flacos.  If I hadn't been on a cleanse for the past ten days, I don't think I would have tried it either.  But I'm damn happy that I did. If there's two words that I previously thought would never go together, or for that matter SHOULD ever go together, it was the word 'vegan' and the word 'tacos'. When you slap those two nouns together you get the phrase 'Vegan Tacos' and that just conjures up all kinds of horrifying images of tasteless, amorphous chunks of soy, flaccidly resting on a wilted lettuce leaf. Gag.On top of that, vegan restaurants are generally a sanctuary for people with food issues- oh sure, probably deeper-seated issues than that, but definitely food issues. 'I can't eat (blank) because of my (blank).' 'I'm intolerant of (blank) because it makes me (blank) in the (blank).' Then you have the militant vegans who espouse their new world order philosophy on you any chance they get, when they're all in the same restaurant you better watch yourself because the rhetoric can get knee-deep fairly quickly.  It's funny how pugnacious they get with each other while everyone is eating vegan food isn't it- who are they preaching to? Next there's the trust fund college students who have been told going vegan is totally indie, counter-culture chic and the best thing since sit-ins at Cal in the late sixties. Double gag.But Flacos, while catering to those types I previously mentioned and while making those oxymoronic 'Vegan Tacos' ends up 'knocking it out of the park' so to speak. The food here is phenomenal! I had the full plate for $9.00 which included black beans, brown rice, salad dressed with lime juice and the nicest vegan tamale I have ever had in my life- okay the ONLY vegan tamale I have ever had in my life. But for serious, this tamale set the gold-standard for all vegan tamales that come after it. Other vegan tamales should aspire to be like this vegan tamale- it's that good.  You can get your full plate with taquitos (which looked amazing) or two soft tacos all for $9.00!I'm definitely heading back to Flacos as soon as humanly possible.  I have other vegan treats waiting for my taste buds!  Did I just say that?Vegan tacos.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2010,4/17/2011,1205,283,22,22,27>Definitely the new sexy bar on the block.  Lush heaven has arrived at 355.  Very intimate for stolen kisses, absinthe fountain for stiff sips, dim lights for "I want you" glances, and amazing list of delicious drinks to buy for the one you are swooning.  Patrick was the bartender the night me and my lady strolled in and he took great care of us, and definitely knew how to make some good cocktails.  Very well dressed bar (excellent decor), and an excellent atmosphere for a drunk lover date.  We sipped on various different concoctions varying from Elder Sour, Margarita, my fave Bailey's Irish Cream with Guinness/Jameson and Kahlua.  Each drink was on point, and made us do the mmmm's!  355 is my new mistress, she provides good drinks and sexy memories.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,4/16/2011,64,706,9,10,11>Like being re-incarnated Yelp style, this was my second time to Bakesale Betty. In my past Yelp life, I regaled about their fried chicken sandwich sharing it with the always fabulous Rachel R. This time around I was with the equally fabulous Jessica P. (Yelp royalty).You know the saying "The more things change, the more they stay the same"? Yeah, that's what's going on here at the BB. You still...1) Wait in a line of local and out-of-towner salivating fried chicken enthusiasts.2) People watch the Temescal scene hopefully getting a laugh in there or two.3) Almost lose your lunch before eating because you're watching others bellied up to the ironing board tables carnally eating their sandwiches like someone is about to snatch it right out of their hands.Ahh yes, familiar.I broke out of the line to grab seats while Jessica P took the remaining journey into the shop. Sitting there I was asked two times if I wanted to donate to some homeless organization selling newspapers to which I answered both times "sorry, I have nothing on me" which was true! Also while waiting I was treated to the shrill cries of one of the workers barking out orders likely to keep this organized chaos in check I'd imagine.So Jessica came out of Organized Chaos Inc. sporting two paper bags with drinks and accouterments. Like a kid opening up a present on Christmas I opened the bag surprised as to what I saw, fried chicken salads. A little disappointed I wasn't seeing sandwiches I thought to myself I didn't need the carbs and willingly took on my bounty. The salad was excellent with two perfectly fried chicken breasts cut up over a huge bed of their famous slaw. The chicken was as moist as I remembered it and the flavor, oh that flavor was undeniably blissful. Talking up a storm over lunch with my Jessica, beautiful weather, just a great lunch! Before I knew it the chicken was gone and I was left to tackle the mound of slaw. While the slaw is always very tasty, I think the vinegar base really got to me after a while. Yes, I did leave a little behind.So overall this was a perfect lunch at a perfect place with perfect company. How lucky am I?
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2010,4/15/2011,3096,8577,9,14,12>No Worries is  vegan filipino cuisine, not traditional. it isn't greasy, it doesn't y have traditional filipino ingredients. no worries integrates cooking ingredients and techniques from other food disciplines : rice paper(vietnamese) soy meat (?). no worries is fusioniastic with traditional filipino techniques.decor: color scheme seem the same with new pics of oaktown in vibrant pastel colorings.music: rock, hip hoplunch 5.95 (2 iitems) 6.95 (3 items) 7.95 (4 items) with rice.dinner : entrees and rice priced inidividually.sampling: 4 items (7.95)-lumpia: mostly veggie, didn't taste the soy beef, crunchy shell, mushy veggies, not so great-adobo: spicy, a hit!-pancit: kind of cold, non greasy noodles, not much accompaniment-afritada : mostly potatoes and a few beans. tasted goodleftovers:-good service,-food came out in a reasonable time.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2010,4/14/2011,261,512,13,11,12>Last Friday, we beat that clock. We beat it good! And then that clock beat me...Believe it or not, last Friday was my first ever Beat the Clock, the Bear's Lair tradition of $6 pitchers from 4-5, $7 pitchers from 5-6, etc. We got there at 3:45  to asure we got a table and then started drinking.In general, I've never been a fan of Bear's Lair because it is a standard college bar, but that's what we wanted that evening. It's alway crowded, the bathrooms are always disgusting, the food is decent and the beer is plentiful with a selection of all Jupiter beers. And yet, that's exactly what we wanted that evening. We wanted a loud crowded bar full of people who wanted to get drunk like us!We were there until 6:30, and which point we left for dinner. I alternated between glasses of the Red Ale and the Jupiter Hef with the justification that "Hef is so light that it's like drinking water. If I alternate, I'll be practically sober!"Yeah, that was actually my justification. It didn't work out so well.But we still beat that clock.
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,4/13/2011,82,83,29,15,15>Dear Five Guys,You are evil. You have made me compromise. All these years in n out was always the undisputed best fast food burger. Yes those deluxe burgers joints are always good and tasty but for a fast food joint in n out was the goto joint. My friends swore u were better. So I tried you out.Look I am a loyal guy. Commitment is important to me. But I blame your juicy burger for making me unable to think straight. I walked in hoping the burger meets the hype but pretending not to get excited in order keep my cool, but it was love at first sight, and love at first bite.. (something about that doesn't sound moral...)Your patties are thick and juicy and you are telling me I can add mushrooms and BBQ sauce for free? The thing is huge and how come you didn't warn me the REGULAR burger is actually double patties? I felt like I WEIGHED as much as five guys after I finished you off. You are killing me softly (blubbery?). This big thing is fantastic. I'm gonna say it, it taste way better than in n out. Don't tell in n out I said that... but I can't lie anymore. This is the honest truth. Don't think less of me.Your fries are great. I asked for the cajun seasoning and it was great! You also didn't tell me that a "small" fry is enough to feed 2 people. I swear you throw the cup in the bag, then fill the entire bag up with fries. That's awesome. Smart business. Anyways, it's out in the open now. I don't care. Just too bad you are so far away...thanks for showing me a good time!Paul
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2010,4/12/2011,275,321,10,12,12>Ohhhh yiipppeeee!iFly, youFly, we allFly and screech in delight!I attended a business function here recently, and these guys ROCK! We had a big unruly group, and the iFly staff could not have been nicer.You'll need to check your vanity at the door, and your fear. You'll be outfitted in a flight suit, a helmet & some very funny goggles! Then you're trained by a cool instructor, and marched to the "flight chamber". Imagine a giant plastic cylinder - that's your flight chamber. You're on the 2nd level, and underneath you is a springy mesh floor with a gigantic fan under it.Enter the chamber with your trusted instructor, and a dude in a DJ box shoots in the air blasts. It is SO COOL! I was worried about all the chick things... (do I look fat in this suit... what if I'm too spazzy to do this... will I look stupid to the people outside the tube...)Enter chamber: GIGANTIC INSTANT SMILE, ADRENALINE RUSH, Wooo hooo! It's me and the flight! Nothing else matters :-) More Gigantic smiles! Get out, watch your friends, do it again.If you want to be a hero, bring your kids here for their next birthday party - guaranteed the coolest party EVER - plus you can fly too.Tips:- wear comfie clothes- leave your jewelry home, since you'll need to remove it- wear sneakers (or you'll need the loaners)- wear contacts if you have them so you can see- keep your mouth closed when you start twirling around... you'll understand why after you fly!
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2010,4/11/2011,300,251,9,11,8>I am writing a review!Wow, this is exciting. Saul is hanging out in his doorway jumper and letting me do stuff I want to do, like be a good Yelper.Epicurious Garden is super. It's a great place for me to take Saul because he loves being outside, and sometimes he'll actually let me eat in Epicurious' lovely garden seating area while he tries to eat plants and enjoys the sound of falling water in the fountain. There is space for strollers and all the baby junk I now need to be carrying around. There are some relatively private areas for breastfeeding, but Saul is way too distracted by all the goings on to pay any attention to my breasts. He prefers to touch flowers and suck on his mesh feeder full of 'nana.I love Soop, not only because it's the best soup I've ever had, but because I can drink it one-handed while lovin' on my baby. I also love quesadillas from Picoso for the same one-handed eating reason. The picoso chicken one is spicy and satisfying, and comes with great salsa, guacamole, and chips.The gelato place in there is great, too. I don't remember the name of it because I have Mom brain. The Blackberry Cabernet flavor almost makes me forget I even have a baby. Take me away, Cabernet!
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,4/10/2011,285,169,8,8,12>I was making my way from Sunday to Monday and I had a long layover in Oakland. Seriously though, hanging out at the Layover was a great way to spend a Sunday afternoon. It felt like a love-in at that place with the large seating area full of colorful cushions and pillows. The music selection by the DJ was pretty great and really made this the place to be in Downtown Oakland. While I was there I had a few drinks made by Dave. I had a mojito, which was good and not too sweet, served in a pint glass! Next I tried a Greyhound. I love anything with grapefruit and Dave was squeezing fresh grapefruit juice into the drinks so I had to try it. They also make a grapefruit mojito and I'm sure if you ask nicely Dave can put grapefruit into any drink you'd like. He was also squeezing orange juice and lemon juice I think. Third drink was the cucumber smash. As far as cucumber drinks go, this is my favorite so far. Only other cucumber drink I've had is the cucumber gimlet from Bourbon and Branch and it doesn't even come close to this cucumber smash. It was refreshing and you get to choose which alcohol goes in it. You can have vodka, tequila or gin (I chose gin). They close early on Sundays so my last drink was whatever Dave was having. I asked him to make me one and he said it had orange and something else. Maybe the name was orange mandarin sunshine drops...I don't know, but it was good!
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,4/9/2011,338,1028,9,13,12>So much delicious food and for only $16!Service was great and everything was brought out promptly.  I especially liked, since they have small water glasses, that they left a pitcher of ice water on our table so we could refill at our leisure. I enjoyed the side dishes except for the little fish.  I tried them but they were too fishy for me and I also don't like when my food looks at me while I eat it.  The bento box was full of goodness.  Salad, rice, noodles, bean sprouts, tempura vegetables and potato pieces.  I especially liked the bean sprouts and the perfectly cooked tempura green bean and broccoli.  I ordered the beef and veggies with noodles which was totally noodle overkill with the noodles in the bento box.  Next time I would just order the straight up beef.  My honey got that and I stole a saucy and delicious bite.  I ended up taking home an entire box full of beef and noodles.  This place is legit.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,4/8/2011,456,631,9,11,12>Having only been to the SF Little Star once, I was unbiased in my love for this place, having no former romance with the pie queen across the bay.Came in here on New Year's day, our first meal out in the new year, and what better way to kick off 2011 than with a kick ass pizza. We split the goddess salad, which was so good. It's definitely large enough for two people and the dressing was really flavorful and the almonds, a nice touch.For our pizza we chose the deep dish vegetarian - minus the olives. It took the normal amount of time for a deep dish to come out and it was worth every minute of salivation and staring at the waitress every time the kitchen door opened. It had just the right amount of sauce and a good chunky tomato consistency. It wasn't drippy or too heavy, watery or too acidic. To me, it had the perfect blend of heat, texture, sweetness and tang. It was also kind to my stomach after the fact.I wish there was a tad more cheese, but I'd say that about anything. The veggies were done well and after two measly pieces I was ready to call it quits. It was so filling! Leftovers were great reheated the next day -- one of my personal favorite things to do. The location is spacious and in a fun area on Solano. Granted when we were there, there was only about 6 other people in the restaurant that rainy afternoon but I didn't mind - it was perfect!
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2011,4/7/2011,242,127,9,12,12>I'm a huge fan of pot pies. If it's on the menu then I'm ordering it. But not many places actually make pot pies. Off the top of my head I can only think of two places that have pot pies, Claim Jumpers and KFC. So when my friend, Inha took me here I was in pot pie heaven. There is a pot pie for every taste. There's the classic chicken pot pies and all kinds of different beef pot pies. There's also shrimp, lamb, turkey and duck pot pies. And no worries if your a vegetarian, they have vegetarian/vegan pot pies also. After what seems like 15 mins of indecisiveness, I decided on the Country Style Pot Roast pot pie (beef, carrots, celery, onions, green beans, garlic, herbs, olive oil and spices) It came out fast and piping hot. The crust was flaky and the meat and veggies were tender. All the ingredients were fresh and delicious. My only complaint would be its kind of small, but I'm probably just a pig. The owner is adorable, she's sweet and funny. I love it when small local business do well.
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2010,4/6/2011,298,445,12,20,14>Hot off the press! Okay hot off the grill! There is a new kid on the block and that kid is called Giovanni and makes one ridiculously yummy Chicken Pepper Cheese Steak. I was ecstatic to see a new spot open up in downtown Martinez and just a block away from my office, Cha-Ching! Yet I was scared it might let me down but the rainy weather convinced me today was the day to try this place. There are plenty of tables and a counter in the back. I was instantly greeted by the young woman at the counter. When I ordered my sandwich she suggested the special which included fries and a soda for $9.75. Perfect. My order was done quickly put in a bag and I was on my merry lil way. When I got back to the office I unwrapped pure fresh, delicious, cheesy goodness. I am def gonna be a regular. Way to go Giovanni, keep up the yummy sandwich making.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2010,4/5/2011,178,382,7,10,8>After a long, rough day at work, I usually look forward to kicking off my heels, throwing on some comfy sweats, and curling up on the couch with a good DVD and a glass of vino in hand. But, I'm no hermit, ya know. Going out is fun too. And I don't mean "going out" as in "partying excessively until my toes bleed alky". My style of going out is exactly what Cioccolata provides - a simple, yet relaxing evening with a small group of friends chatting the night away with some delicious bites and soothing glasses of wine all around. Walking into a dimly lit dining room with a plush lounge to the left curtained off by velvet drapes, I admired the sheer elegance of its ambiance and felt an instant jolt of relaxation. Swaying to light jazz tunes playing in the background, I knew this was going to be a good night. Sadly, a minor upset stomach prevented me from tasting a full flight, so I decided on sipping a half glass of orange muscat instead. My first thought, "oh my, what a LARGE half glass this is!". I thank our server for the rather generous pour. The wine itself was superb, though I wish I was able to stomach more than just dessert wine that night. I was sad to hear they had run out of the tortina di ricotto by the time we had arrived. Would've gone perfectly with my muscat. Ah well, this gives me a reason to come back in the near future.There's something on the menu for everyone. With such a large selection of wines, it's a struggle trying to figure out where to start. Flights are available at a decent price for those who enjoy sampling different flavors. They even serve a 3-course prix-fixed meal for lunch & dinner along with daily special pizzas and pastas. My suggestion: don't hesitate to ask the server what her recommendations are. She's very knowledgeable and will do the best she can for you to fully enjoy your visit to CDV. I know I did!PS: The french vanilla gelato was an absolute treat! Super rich, super creamy. All sorts of goodness in my tummy!
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,4/4/2011,289,458,14,15,19>When you are just sick and tired of the same old booty shaking, hoochi wearing, gotta look all pimped out dudes with no game sitting next to a girl who has no class; and its wrapped up in some wanna be urbanized art deco rip off of an venue..... It is time to change it up and come and check out Van Kleef...where that is all left down the street, where you don't see guys and girls dry humping in cloths and sipping on lame ass mixed drinks with a hint of white still peaking out form their nostrils after the previous bathroom visit. Where the music goes back to the roots of what most people will never understand is sampled and creates some of today's worse music, unless you are the likes of Madlib, Dilla, DJ CAM, 45King, Peter Rock, and several others (we can go on for awhile) well noted producers who know about blues and jazz, roots and soul, and great music; and more importantly not how to murder it then sell it off to some unlyrical bastard who thinks rapping about bitches, hoes, guns, and money is some sort of art. While the million mindless dumbfucks who purchased the album made this joke go platinum are running around the bay area and doing side shows.This place pretty much saves the art of music while sustaining a great crowd who is mature and willing to sit back and take in the sounds and the locations shoe box like venue. A venue where jazz bounces off the walls reverberating back and forth, echoing in and out of your ear, and leaving you with goose bumps. You can get lost looking up and seeing the crazy amount of stuff on the walls and around this place. To only be brought back as music fills the air and the slight hint of the trumpet that hits that high note which sounds like Miles Davis leaving earth and traveling into space. The bassist slaps the strings of a classic upright bass hitting low passages and rocking your eternal soul. "This is where it's people" you'll calmly tell yourself as you gulp down another greyhound drink and sit further back into your chair melting away as the Jazz and Blues come blanketing your body with great melodies.Trendy? Maybe at a hint of what is all over the place but really how did all those guys from the band fit on that small stage is what I am always wondering, as I am sitting back sipping another greyhound that was freshly made from some old school juicer that may date some people in this place and could probably serve as a weapon of mass destruction in a Zombie attack.Clean smooth vibes are all around this spot. The young meets the old as the crowd is the diversity that we see in the Bay Area. One thing while traveling around the US you begin to appreciate everyday!Seriously, grab a greyhound, relax, and soak up the overall environment.You'll thank me later.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,4/3/2011,587,806,12,16,13>Aww......Little Casper's....Yet another little joint that remains untouched by the hands of time.With all the year's I have lived in the area, this is actually only my second time coming into to this little dated joint.I really appreciate places like this that don't confide to the remodeled new age,modern ,aesthetically pleasing standards ways of society....there just something so comforting about things so simple and of course even more so when they serve some comforting tasty food to match.The service I received on this particular day was extremely sweet and genuine. I ordered a hot dog with out the bun; along with a heaping topping of mustard and onions- which they nicely charged me less being I went bunless (unlike the other places do).Hot dog was savory and filling, I would not say its one of the best hotdogs I have had though, it certainly was satisfying.Decent tasty food, fair prices and some of the most (hard to find) genuine service you will find around these days and I really look forward to coming back and trying some of there other tasty items.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,4/2/2011,424,1322,20,28,30>Last month, we were able to celebrate "Survival Day" for and with my Dad who survived a potentially fatal heart situation a year ago. In order to celebrate, I thought a special meal was in order and decided to check out Tokyo Fish because I wanted to make roasted dungeness crab with garlic, butter and herbs. I was able to easily find a parking space in the lot, and was assisted by a really nice fish monger who cleaned and cracked what I will say was the best crab I have ever had. I was also amazed at the super cheap produce along with herbs and was able to get everything I needed for the dinner without stopping elsewhere (except for Acme). My Dad, Toni, Kevin, Ilana and I had a fancy pants dinner that was delicious, messy and finger licking good and I think that this will be our new tradition for what I hope is years to come.  I can't wait to come here again for other fresh fish offerings. They are closed Sundays and take credit cards!
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2010,4/1/2011,1429,411,18,29,24>Lately I've been on an organic kick. I've been rockin' the farmers markets and gettin' my 'Niman Ranch beefs' on. That's why when I heard about Gioia Pizzeria in Berkeley I made a B line straight to em'. This place is about as local and sustainable as a pizzeria built on a farm!(That's a good thing!) And as I quickly found out, they have GREAT customer service- too!Gioia Pizzeria is located on a small, single street block of retailers in the middle of a school and residential area. For on-the-go orders you can get your slice of pie from the window, or come in and have a seat on a bar stool. I ordered a Fennel cheese slice, my Girlfriend ordered the Spicy Sausage. When our slices came out of the oven, the General Manager Art noticed that they had been in the oven a few minutes too long and got a pretty dark and crispy on the top. He said,"I like my slices burnt like that, but not everybody does- I'll pop two more slices in the oven for you guys." What a kind dude! A few minutes later Art brings us two more slices on the house! How amazing is that? Most restaurants would just serve the original slices to you and be on to the next customer- but not at Gioia. Restaurants and Managers who show how much they really care about their customers goes a long way!(And onto Yelp reviews!)The flavors of each slice I tried were delicious. At first i thought the slices were a little small for $3.25 a pop- but man, they were worth it! I'm usually a meaty pizza kinda guy, but the Fennel cheese slice was such a hit! And the Spicy Sausage was delicious too- both great slices! Picture: yelp.com/biz_photos/SFCV…Hopkins Street Bakery is right next door, and Acme bread is right down the street. Parking is semi tough but not ridiculous. Gioia Pizzeria is awesome and I'll definitely be ordering a full pie from this place soon!
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,3/31/2011,341,458,12,17,16>Walking around downtown Walnut Creek, we were lured inside by some samples offered by a friendly gentleman.  Once inside, we were captivated by the tempting goods.  Samples were available for everything.  We wound up buying some olive oil and some balsamic vinegar.  "But we have plenty of balsamic at home", I argued, always the pragmatist.  Sure, it was pretty good with the bread cubes they provided, but didn't seem far superior.  It sat on the counter in my kitchen for a little while.  Then, I had some fresh tomatoes and some fresh mozzarella, and decided to drizzle the gourmet balsamic.  I was immediately converted.  It was visibly thicker, and had a truly robust flavor.  Even did a side-by-side taste test with my grocery store vinegar, which solidified my opinion.  Which is, "Damned good stuff."  I will go back, get some more vinegar, and see what other treasures lurk.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2010,3/29/2011,301,844,8,12,14>I thought I'd reviewed this excellent restaurant a month ago when I ate there; I guess I was too blissed out to notice that I hadn't. Warm, friendly atmosphere; warm, delicious food; and prices that warm my cold, miserly heart. (The discount coupon from restaurant.com also helped, but the menu is very reasonable by itself.) Everything my buddy and I ate was delicious, and what little survived through dinner heated up wonderfully the next day.TRIVIA: You probably already knew that the Himalayan mountain range contained Mt. Everest and K2, the tallest mountains in the world. However, consider that, outside of Asia, the tallest peak is Aconcagua in the Andes Mountains of Argentina at 22,851 feet; by contrast, the Himalayas contain over 100 peaks above 23,622 ft!
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,3/28/2011,217,1121,9,10,13>Oh wow, the whole family enjoyed the ice cream here.  My 2.5 year old rarely finishes a whole cone, but devoured her whole tiny scoop of blackberry.  She even asked for more!  I opted for a small cone w/ a scoop of pistachio and a scoop of mayan chocolate.  I think the mayan chocolate was my favorite with the unexpected spiciness.  DH had a cone w/ mint chip and pistachio.  The mint flavor in the mint chip was so fresh, unlike anything we'd ever tasted (well, besides a mojito).  We took a pint of that flavor home!  The cones here are organic too and really, really delicious.  Love that the spoons and cups are compostable!
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2010,3/27/2011,224,231,15,15,13>How could I go to Triple Rock and NOT order a beer?! Sunday was freezing and raining like mother nature was on her g'damn period so get off my back! As a result, this is a review of their food only!I already have made a mental note in my head to get the Monkeyhead, Truth Serum and/or Dragon's Milk the next time I'm there - I promise!My friend and I came here for lunch and we ordered:A basket of fries - huge mound of crispy, seasoned fries. Not the best fries I've had but still good. They didn't seem "hand-cut" to me, just seemed like from any ol' bag of frozen fries, but I'm not complaining. $3.75Brew house burger - Burger with melted cheddar cheese and bacon, with all your veggie fixings and also comes with cole slaw. I was expecting them to ask how I like my burger done, but they didn't. But it was cooked well and wasn't a sloppy burger. I wasn't left with the ends of the bun so yay! Even the tomato slices were ripe red and juicy. Cole slaw? Pass, pretty tasteless. $8.95Chicken sandwich - Grilled chicken sammie on a baguette with olive tapenade, red peppers and more. My friend approved, although I'd come to Triple Rock primarily for a solid burger and beer. $7.95Total with tax and tip = about $25Great service and laid-back environment in the afternoon. I'd love to just chill here with friend(s) and have a beer on a sunny day, especially out on their patio.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,3/26/2011,561,82,12,14,14>I view eating burgers as the following: Picture crazed frat boys who get ready for a 10 p.m. party by pre-partying at 10 a.m. A typical Thursday morning begins with a wake and bake session, downing several cans of watered down Natural Light--the tried and true alcoholic beverage for frat boys, playing the ever so sophisticated beer pong, gathering all the skanky girls they can find, finishing the deed, and then doing it all over again. This type of partying is how I view eating burgers. My wild meal at Burgermeister, minus the wheat bun: A California Burger--1/3 Niman Ranch lb. patty, sub cheddar cheese instead of jack, avocado, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, criss-cut sweet potato fries, and a glass of pinot grigio. This to me, is comparable to a day of crazy frat boy adventures because I feel like a rebel. My boyfriend who was even more rebellious ordered the Western Burger. It included onion rings, a 1/2 lb. Niman Ranch patty, bacon, cheddar cheese, and house made bbq sauce, with a side of criss-cut potato fries. We're crazy party animals, I'm telling you. I didn't get to try the Western, but seeing that he was licking his fingers meant he loved it.  Our meal was excellent and the server was friendly, but not too overbearing. There was even classic rock playing in the background (The Doors). Tried and true ingredients for a perfect burger night on the town. I'm not only satisfied with the burgers, but this joint even has a delicious and wallet friendly breakfast option. Buy 1 omelet get the 2nd freeeee. Insert your best Larry Miller impression from the Sit and Sleep commercials. Why would anyone pass this up? Is it because the restaurant is called Burgermeister? Try to overlook that fact. The omelet I ordered: cheddar, avocado, applewood smoked bacon with seasoned potatoes and wheat bread on the side. All winners in my book. And again, classic rock (Pink Floyd) serenaded me in the background. Needless to say, I'll be back in the a.m. and p.m. without a "nati" light buzz and std.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2010,3/25/2011,610,620,10,15,14>On a late Sunday morning, we were expecting a long wait time. Our plan was to catch a bite here before our movie started.  We were immediately seated and served drinks.  I couldn't believe how quickly everyone's food was served. It seemed like the waitress took our order, walked to the grill and returned with our food. I noticed it was the same for the table next to us.  As such, the food was piping hot.Delicious as well.  Considering this place just opened, they really have their stuff together.  I noticed a guy roaming around simply to make sure everyone's coffee cup was filled. It made me realize how much I miss that kind of service. It almost seemed lost in this economy, where under-staffing is all too often the case.Being it was Sunday, they had the football game on all of the big screens and all of the servers were wearing jerseys. The decor is bright, fun and the music isn't too loud.  There are jukeboxes at some of the tables.  The kids meals are served in little classic cars, so cute!Everything was so fast, we found ourselves with a bunch of time to kill before our movie.  As this restaurant is located in the heart of the Streets of Brentwood, we just browsed the stores.  I am so glad Mel's came to Brentwood.  I plan on taking full advantage of this 24 hour location!
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,3/24/2011,883,311,10,14,10>I swung by around 330 or 4 with a friend, and sadly, many places were already in their "closed after lunch, before dinner" window.  Miss Pearls seemed to have people in it, so it appeared to be a safe bet.We were told it was only on the 'bar menu' (DAMMIT!), but thankfully that was all we needed (PHEW!).The bar menu was not extensive at all, probably just six or seven menu items, and there is no happy hour (wehhhh).  However, the full bar looks promising, and I had a MEAN mojito. Actually, it wasn't mean at all. It treated me VERY well. Mojitos just make it feel like summer, even though the weather begs to differ...Anyways, me being a lush aside...My friend and I got the duck tacos and the steak burger sliders to share.Holy Toledo.I wanted the steak burgers (MMM MEAT) and they were insanely good. Like, I was not expecting that, I need to come back hungry and eat a billion of these good. They didn't sit too heavy in my stomach, but were filling.As far as the duck tacos, this is foreign territory. I have found that duck either goes horribly wrong or well.  This duck was far beyond well. It was awesome. These tacos were very filling, despite their small size (small but filling? ladies, have you heard that one before?).  They must be marinated in some secret sauce, because their flavors were insane.  We both agreed that we didn't think it would be this good, and were both pleasantly surprised at how insanely good it was. The atmosphere was cool too, we sat in a lounge area with a couch and a small table.  I do have to say, service was slow and our server took a very long time to greet us (and took a good two minutes staring at my id when I got carded).  But other than that, it as insanely good, and you know what? It's not even worth knocking a star off of. It was THAT damn good.
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2010,3/23/2011,342,397,14,20,20>I have been waiting for this day for a long freakin' time. The signs outside of Pearl's LAST DECEMBER raved about how this franchise won the best burger award...even better than my beloved Burgermeister?!As time went on, I would peak in once a month. It didn't look like it was ever gonna open. I became sad, listened to Bauhaus/Switchblade Symphony and went to support groups to offset the pain. 2-3 weeks ago it opened and the reviews started popping up. Finally today at lunch I knew what had to  happen. I finna do this. I stood and pondered the extensive menu. Regular burgers run $5.99 and Kobe/Buffalo run $9.99. Add extra for the cheese and bacon, or add both. I studied the speciall burgers, fries and drinks. Even pondered a milkshake to get the full experience. ( $3.50 and up) I settled on the Bula Burger $7.99( sub chicken breast) with swiss, bacon, spicy pineapple and teriyaki sauce. I was in the mood for fun, so I added some " Springs" @ $3.99 ( sweet potato fries and onion rings). And a bottled water . $14.49 total. For lunch. Don't worry , read the rest of the review, cheapskate. I sat and waited for no more than 10 minutes with my lil buzzer thing that lets you know when your order is ready. When it was time, everything stood still. My burger and it's fluffy sesame seed bun waiting there, winking at me. The basket filled with fries and rings was a worthwhile accomplice that I would eventually holler at. I hadn't even sat down with my tray and already knew my money was well spent. I picked up that chicken burger and marveled at the remarkable texture of the bun they use. Pay attention burger places! Usually it is 'meh' and/or that bottom bun gets so soggy , next thing you know you are holding a greasewich and your gf is giving you dirty looks because you look like a mess. None of that amateur hour here.The burger dripped the pineapple teriyaki so I did an impromptu science fair experiment and held it over the fries and rings. I'm pretty smart. I savored and held back from eating his too quick. It was really quite good. If you are with a friend you might consider sharing the springs. If you are hungry dude like I was, don't bother. I can see this place expanding to the rest of the Bay ( South Bay needs you!) from my very impressive 1st experience. And if the price is an issue, just go with a burger, fries and bottled water and get outta there without going past $10.00.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2010,3/22/2011,968,110,17,18,17>BRIDES!!! STOP STRESSIN' AND GET TO STEPPIN!!!!!!!!!!This is the place you need to be! Debra is so great at what she does!  She sells everything bridal discounted.  Most places tend to take advantage of a bride and have ridiculous mark ups, but not Debra.  She saved my girls $80 per dress on their bridesmaids dresses!  She also helped me get my dream wedding invites from Checkerboard at a WAY better price than Papyrus or other boutiques in the East Bay.  I actually got phone calls and emails about how lovely our invites were!!! She also addressed all of our invites because her calligraphy is stellar.She is easy to get a hold of and is always looking to make your experience run as smooth as possible.  Not calling her for your bridal needs would be a BIG mistake.  Trust me, your MOM and your CHECKBOOK will thank you!!!
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2010,3/21/2011,378,165,38,40,38>We put on our best duds and tackled a three-hour dinner at the Meritage.We arrived an hour before our reservation so we could have a drink and watch the sunset. The bar, which was not near a window, was dark and dingy. I ordered a Lemon Drop and Mr. H ordered beer. My drink was so bad I couldn't drink it.  We decided to leave the drinks; we paid up, and headed down the hall to the Paragon. We watched the sunset from the balcony, and enjoyed properly made cocktails.  Back to the Meritage for dinner. We were seated at a window overlooking the bay, and much of the Claremont Hotel. I have a new appreciation for this historic hotel. I spent the next three hours looking at it, in all its glory, what a majestic sight. Please, do take the time to read about its History.DinnerOur server Mario had a nice sense of humor and was very helpful. He explained that the dishes served were offered in small and large format, and paired with specific wine characteristics. Yada yada  Bread arrives at table. First courseSonoma Goat Cheese-Potato Terrine. Slow roasted baby beets & aged balsamic syrup drizzled around the huge plate. Absolutely beautiful, and tasty.Sweet summer white corn Ravioli main lobster & shaved truffle pecorino. Mr. H pointed out I was too dressed up to lick the plate. FINE!Mr. H ordered 3oz pour of Cakebread Chardonnay to go with Ravioli, Mario either comped the wine or forgot, either way it was an excellent pairing.     To finish off our "small plate" first courses, we choseRoasted Sonoma breast of Duck with toasted Farro, Escarole, Caramelized red onion & Frog Hollow apricot puree. The duck was amazing, but the apricot puree had no flavor. But hey, who's complaining. Main course Filet Mignon "Rossini" Hudson Valley Foie Gras, spinach & red wine reduction. I ate every bit of it. I don't know if I could ever eat Filet Mignon without Foie Gras again. Out of this world good. Dessert Was on the house, in celebration of our Anniversary. Nice touch Meritage.I just wish I could remember what it was.  Maybe a little too much Vino would explain the memory loss. Wine- F. Coppola, Directors Cut Zinfandel  , nice label. Good wine for the price Pros Perfect destination restaurantGreat parkingThe Paragon is just down the hallConsWeak BarWeekends are crazy busy
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,3/20/2011,133,165,15,17,15>As we pulled up to the curb, instinctually I hesitated.  "Maybe we should go to some place in Alameda, this place looks...vacant and....I don't know...it's off""Let's just go in and see what it's about, its on International Blvd with 132 reviews and almost five stars on Yelp, it can't be that vacant"  says my adventurous friend, whom I often refer to behind her back as Dora the Explorer."Are you sure Denise?  It looks like a Bodega with white floors doesn't it?  Oh no and look! ICE is here! See the car!  We can't eat here.""You were born in San Francisco, what the hell do you care about ICE.  If anything they are probably investigating, which would mean the stuff is authentic right?"We go in.  Dora or Denise rather orders me the BBQ chicken and she gets the BBQ pork.  We sit down at a wobbly table and eat quickly, quietly and fiercely...cilantro, meat and cucumbers flying everywhere.  Before we know it we are back in line for another sandwich....and another.  In short, this is some delicious shit.  Yes, it does have a vacant odd vibe upon approach, but if you give it a chance you will find that it's clean, simple, and affordable and if you didn't hear me the first time...some delicious shit.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,3/19/2011,2712,383,20,27,24>Sandwiched between a place of worship and a boarded up ex-Lucky supermarket, is Tokyo Restaurant. As you approach the entrance you immediately notice the welcoming "People Love Us on Yelp" sticker. The inside layout of this restaurant was somewhat of a mix between an old karaoke joint and a Japanese restaurant with a retired Teppanyaki flair. The dated old school décor is something my mom would proudly sport for a lifetime. Though it's my first time doing a review, we've frequented this restaurant when we lived in the area some time ago. Whenever chance permits we show up to reminisce the good times. I do feel strongly that this little gem doesn't get the attention or the praise it truly deserves. I'm hopeful that they'll continue to duke it out with the economy and stick around for a long time. Our family would agree that they have the best crunch, full-flavored and the largest Shrimp Tempura we've ever had. In size, the shrimp served were larger than your average catch. Were they raised on seafood steroids or injected with some happy livin' large gene? I dunno but it's definitely not your typical small, curly, limp and mediocre tempura shrimp that's for sure! They offered a large selection of sushi and Japanese dishes but we come here mostly for the Dinner Special (bento) - Shrimp & Vegetable Tempura, Chicken Teriyaki, California Roll served with Miso Soup, Sunomono, Salad and Rice along with complimentary Tea and Edamame. If you're not into chicken you can request to sub it for beef teriyaki instead. In addition to the dinner bento special we love their Dragon Roll (Deep Fried Shrimp, Eel, Avocado, Tobiko) and Kirin Maki (Deep Fried Soft Shell Crab, Eel, Avocado, Spicy Kani). I really like the Spicy Tuna Hand Roll with a nice cold Sapporo. You can eat at the sushi bar, grab a table or take the goodness to go. The mom & pop type service and most specially the food were always a sure thing for us! Sayonara until next time...
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2010,3/18/2011,606,219,17,20,19>I like the Den best late afternoon, before it gets crowded. You know how most folks like to go to a cafe- get some coffee, perhaps a pastry, and then find a reasonably clean comfortable spot where they can go online or read a book, play with their smart phone, etc- hopefully a comfy couch, or cool chair. I like to do that occasionally as well, but I much prefer a classy bar, which during the day has a similar feel, just without the crowd of yammering ____________!!!(you just thought i meant a bad word didn't you.. nope, you did! haha- i was thinking hipsters..)Have any of you been to the Den during the day when you can actually see just how cool the decor looks? It is one of the few classy joints with great bartenders you can walk into before 7pm.Also for those of you who have seen a great show at the Fox and popped into the den before or after, you know, like I do, that having The Den right next door prolongs a great experience!!What took away a star for me was the plastic cups- after happy hour, in such a nice place- they seemed out of context and WAY to noticeable. too bad, woulda been an easy 5 stars!!
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2010,3/17/2011,628,530,13,18,13>HAPPY SUSAN'S 200th REVIEW DAY!This review is dedicated to my favorite bar in Oakland.The Back Story--Susan walks into a bar.  The monologue in her head is running full speed.  She is justifying drinking alone on a random weekday, at a bar, as totally acceptable behavior.  The monologue was cut short as she began chatting with bartender Johnny and owner Tung.  Witty banter, breath stopping jokes, and general good times ensued.  I was hooked.  The Vibe--Classy yet homey; professional yet relaxed; laid back but efficient.  The atmosphere here just invites people to hang out and be themselves.  This place is trendy without being pretentious and always a source of a great time.The Consumable Items--Mixed drink heaven! (On average $6-10):  Freshly squeezed, pressed, muddled and chopped fruits are combined to perfection with a vast array of alcoholic delights.  There is something here for everyone.  From quality wines to top quality liqueurs, it's all here on a giant wall.  I challenge you to know what everything is...I'm sure you wont.  Don't like the preset menu (with a bit of focus on tequila)?  Don't want a classic drink?  Ask Johnny Kobra--expert mixologist to whip you up something with your favorite flavors.  He'll far exceed your expectations.  Don't forget the Cheese Plate ($10):It is the best cheese plate deal in town.  Plentiful meats and cheeses, a little cup of olives, and perfectly toasty baguette.  Mmmm! Keep and eye out on their facebook for special events and updates facebook.com/?ref=home#!…This is an Old Oakland gem you really don't want to miss!
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2010,3/15/2011,317,326,13,14,14>This place makes the best rotisserie chicken EVER!!!  Their mashed potatoes and gravy are delicious!   The gravy is soooo flavorful...I could drink it.  I have only tasted the Peruvian style chicken...I will definitely be back to try the other types.  I wasn't a huge fan of the pesto mac salad;  not that is was bad or anything, but I just thought it was kind of ordinary.  I ordered three chickens for my daughter's birthday party and everyone loved it.  I'm starting to salivate just thinking about that savory, juicy chicken!  Might have to stop there soon...so should you!
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,3/14/2011,543,699,14,16,16>Solid like Metal Gear. After driving around in the Livery for at least 3 laps like a mad man, I finally found this delightful dining locale that my friend Charlotte had suggested. The setting inside is classy but yet welcoming even to children. I do suggest dressing up a bit though i.e.no t-shirts and shorts. The Maiale was very flavorful. It consists of apple cider cured pork chops (though I didn't taste much of the cider) topped with bacon-pomegranate-pistachio relish with a side of shaved brussel sprouts. For dessert, I had the small white chocolate bread pudding. Very moist and delicious. Definitely competitive with what Tartine Bakery has to offer. Toward the end of dinner, we were asked if we would exchange tables to next door so a party of 8 can be accommodated. We were offered cocktails or dessert in returned which we said was unnecessary. However, a good hostess would try and offer something anyways to really make the experience stand out. Just something extra. But otherwise the service was impeccable. Definitely look forward to coming back to enjoy the other delicious offerings!
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,3/13/2011,563,337,16,16,15>What's the quickest method in making a grumpy Korean happy?Delicious Sam gyup sal and odeng tang!!!Oh, and plenty of mekju and soju!For you non-koreans...sam gyup sal = thinly cut slices of pork (korean bacon)odeng tang = fish cake soup (sooooo good)mek ju = beersoju = You should know what this is!I added an extra star because they let me in before they actually opened for biz (at 6pm).They also have a 40 of OB for you korean gangstas.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,3/12/2011,1948,4780,26,28,29>My dog Yogi started off his life as a street dog from Mexico before my son and I adopted him from the Marin Humane Society 6 years ago. Now he is "College Graduate" after matriculating at ARF University and receiving his Dog Obedience Degree! Muzzle Tov!There were some "ruff" spots during the semester, but Gayle and I were right there to make sure that he wasn't barking up the wrong tree (or trying to hump his fellow students). Our next steps include "Graduate" work (Agility) and maybe even finding him a "College Sweetheart" from ARF's adoption services.
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,3/11/2011,622,441,14,19,17>What have I been doing with my weekly half-days off at work?  Going out & trying new places for lunch!  Unfortunately for me, my mornings of my half-days have been busy, so I don't ever seem to leave on time, which makes for late lunch.  At least I miss the busy peak lunch hours.  So, I arrived after 2pm for a late lunch.  I was worried that they'd be closed already, but they're open until 3pm.  Apparently, once they start serving dinner, they'll be open through dinner.Since I was hungry, I whizzed right past the menus in an old school lunchbox by the door, but was handed one when I got to the counter.  You place your order at the counter, pay, get a number, seat yourself, & they bring your food to you.  There are some booths, small tables, & a communal table.  There's some seating outdoors too.Food:  This place does multiple variants of one of my favorite comfort foods, mac + cheese.  According to the website, they have gluten-free & vegan versions available too.  Wow, something for everyone!I had the Exchange Student:  Cacio e Pepe--Homeroom's interpretation of the Roman classic. Sharp pecorino from Italy mixed with cracked black peppercorns.  The serving size is generous, but I still had room for dessert.  Even when my macaroni was gone, I was still eating the remaining sauce.  Gotta have every last bit!I opted for the the root beer float--house-made root beer served with three twins ice cream.  It comes in a mason jar, with a straw & spoon.  I also got a homemade oreo topped with sea salt & super chocolatey chip cookies to go.  So, I've liked all the dessert I've tried so far.They have beer & wine pairings for each type of mac + cheese.  I was going to go work out afterward, so I passed on the beer & wine and helped myself to the water cooler near the door.  I'll have to try the pairing when I return sometime for dinner.Service:  The staff is friendly.  After looking at their website, I think the woman who was behind the register is one of the owners.Décor:  I loved the cute school theme, with the desks, blackboard, library card catalogue, blackboard, paper airplanes, library cards on the walls, school photos.  I especially liked the blackboard with the huge map of California drawn on it showing where they get some of their items (wine, beer, cheese, coffee).  I loved the framed live plant/succulent grid on the wall too, & the "chandeliers." The place is wall-to-wall windows.So, the old school library card catalogue is there for frequent buyer cards.  Yes, they keep them there for you, & you can file it under your name.  I think it was buy 10, get 1 free.  You get a gold star stamp for the card when you buy one.  Yes, I'm signed up!There's a single room unisex restroom.  Nice & clean.  I would hope so, since it's only their 2nd or 3rd day of business.Parking on 40th is metered.  After getting settled in the restaurant, I noticed that it looked like the side streets have free 2 hour parking.Located on the northwest corner of 40th & Shafter.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,3/10/2011,190,446,10,15,9>What do you mean you've never been to California Magic Dinner Theatre?  That's where all the cool kids hang out!So, if you haven't tried this, you should consider it if you want something fairly different to do.  It was an ejoyable time.  Just Mrs N and I went together, but I think it may be more interesting with a small group.Here's what I think people should know:It's only a few nights a week.  It's a formatted deal.  Order tickets online.  You get a choice from 2 meals that is selected when buying tickets.  Tickets are not cheap.  They seat you at your table, which is tagged with your party's name. They don't have a full bar, but they do have beer and wine.  It's a small place that looked to hold about 40 persons at any one time.  Everyone there was very friendly and the service was great!The food:  2 choices, right?  The artichoke pasta was good and the right choice for Mrs N.  The other is the chicken & roast beef with rice and veggies.  It was all ok to me.  Not bad.  Nothing to write home about.  Mrs N hated the rice.  It was a unique flavor for sure, and I kinda liked it.The magic:  There's a rotation of a half dozen magicians that will be performing any given night.  The only excpetion is the host and owner,  Gerry, who does do some performance.  On the walls, they have photos of dozens of magicians that have perfermed there at some point, similar to comedians.  The magicians there on your night take turns wandering to tables to meet the people and do little 5 min routines.  They will interrupt you, so don't plan on a deep conversation with your party.  Anyway, it's a little comedy and a lot of card tricks cause they're quick and don't need a lot of setup.  I will say, they are pretty good at them too.  You can look for the secret, but you probably won't figure it out.  I pulled my card, folded, from inside a zipped pocket in the guys wallet.  How?  Don't know.  Beyond that, 3 of them will actually do full performance on a small stage.  We saw some pretty amazing stuff.  It was as much amusing as mind blowing for the most part, but there were a couple of tricks that were pretty impressive.  Ever see the ink on paper move?  The thing I kinda got tired of was the setup they comonly used, where something went wrong and the guy is confused.  Then they try something else and wow it worked out.  Ya. The whole night had that.  They were great magicians, decent comdeians, and terrible actors.Would I go back?  Probably.  Maybe in a few years.  Maybe with someone who's never been there - who really needs to get out for the evening - who likes magic shows.   Don't forget to leave a tip on your way out the door.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2010,3/9/2011,291,487,5,7,6>Wow, these guys get around! Since they are located in Concord I assumed that the Concord Farmer's Market was one of their only hawking spots. After reading my fellow Yelper's reviews, it sounds like they make the Farmer's Market rounds all over the Bay Area & beyond. Good for them, I'd hate anyone to miss out on these goodies! I love how it's always the same 2 guys who will happily let you try as many combinations of bolani & sauce as you like. They also know how to draw in a crowd by coaxing in passers by (especially the ladies) with their samples. They are so nice & helpful, I dare you to leave without buying anything! I just had the spinach bolani & sun dried tomato hummus as a snack. Delicious. I have also tried the lentil bolani which is also amazing. I'll try a new sauce next week for sure. Don't miss the East & West Gourmet Afghan Food guys at your local farmer's market!
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,3/8/2011,187,301,14,12,9>Introducing first: Fighting in the blue corner is our smallest competitor, but don't let that fool you! He hails from the beautiful Embarcadero Waterfront, and organic produce is his game! It's Jack London Square FM!!! *older yuppie crowd cheers*In the red corner: Grand Lake FM. GL boasts a large number of food trucks/ stands (rotisserie chickens, belgium waffles, etc.) and has the coveted shark bounce house, making GL a favorite among many. You can find him under the 580 overpass, near Lake Merritt. *younger 20-something/ young family types scream*Who will it be? Big vs. small? Fresh vs. cooked? Oh...it was a close one, but its JLS with a TKO! I want fresh produce when coming to a farmers' market and more organic choices at that. JLS is clean, well-organized, won't make a claustrophobic hyperventilate, decently priced, and has more of a fresh foods than GL. If you're looking for a way to spend your Saturday morning with a friend or two, I'd head to GL, for sure.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2010,3/7/2011,66,253,8,7,9>The ramen is seriously out of this world. I got the chicken ramen combo with California roll. The huge ramen cauldron is a treasure hunt of perfectly seared thigh meat, carrots, shallots, scallions, seaweed, bok choy, boiled egg, and chewy noodles bathing in a savory and spicy broth. Damn!!! I have been hunting for good ramen in the East Bay and finally found it. It was like God's light parted the clouds and shone down from heaven on that magical noodley trough. The California roll was also especially yum. I know the much maligned Cali roll is the bane of sushi snob existence, but I think a true sushi chef star should be able to take the mundane roll and make it sublime. Yojimbo meets that challenge with a buttery soft, melt-in-your mouth roll. The sushi rice is fresh and supple, the "krab" (no they don't use real crab, but I'm okay with that) is mixed with the perfect amount of Kewpie mayo and the avocado is silky and bright green. Just know if you order the ramen combo, and attempt to make a good go of finishing it, you will walk out of there feeling like a pregnant water buffalo, the portions are really that generous. The atmosphere is also really cool. Its a small place, but the artwork and efficiency in the use of space makes me feel like I stumbled into a tiny joint in a Tokyo alley way. The service is superb - quick and friendly. Yojimbo is not fancy or upscale - just simply good and fresh food, generous portions and great prices. I do believe I've found a new favorite place. Now stay away so I can hog it all to myself.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2010,3/6/2011,157,93,7,11,13>This place is awesome.  $10 tasting and you get about 10 half oz shots of their different flavored vodkas, brandy, tea infused vodkas, whiskey, wine and some other stuff.  I even splurged and got the $10 absinthe shot too.  I left this place pretty buzzed and all for $20.  Great place and great alcohol!
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2010,3/5/2011,371,117,12,12,9>What the PHO??? $4.95 lunch MENU?!? Scoreeee!!! My coworkers rave about this place and I can see why. As if PHO wasn't cheap enough, the portions are pretty generous as well. To be honest, the quality and taste of the food is about PAR, but the service here is GREAT. Apparently, my coworkers come here often, so they remember special orders. It's always nice to come to a place and get recognized. Oh, if you feel a little fancy, throw in a Vietnamese sandwich for another $2.50. Yup, I get that with a side of PHO everytime!! =P
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,3/4/2011,109,682,5,8,5>I got my first ink late in life, in my 30's (ouch!) and was forewarned that ink is addictive.  I figured, if it took me years to decide on my first ink, I'd be lucky if I even got it done, period!  One-year later, I now have my third, thanks to Ace at  Wicked Artistry...and yes, I'm a believer, ink IS highly addictive!My third was special because it would've been my 3rd for my 33rd birthday (ouch! strike 2).  I was planning to go to the shop that did my first and second but I wanted to spread the wealth and try another shop.  So, I've been stalking Wicked Artistry on Yelp, driving past their location, etc.  When I finally got the courage to walk into the shop, on Thanksgiving Eve of all days, I was knocking myself in the head for being so hesitant.When I walked in (from the back parking lot) there were a couple dudes playing some video game one of who was Ace and he instantly stopped playing to greet me.  We discussed as far as what I wanted, which was pretty straight forward, the SF for the SF Giants, I mean, the... (switching to Renel's voice)2010 World Series Champions, my San Francisco Giants!!!yelp.com/biz_photos/37SW…He said he was able to do it right then and there.  While he was working on the design, he had me look through his portfolio to get to know his work better and yeah, Ace does some some pretty awesome work.  After about 10-minutes, he showed me a sample pic but suggested I do an outline of the lettering which I never would've thought of, so I was even more stoked!  He prepped the table and got to work.  While working on me, I met Josh the shop owner, pretty cool guy, who was working on some ink for another dude.  The other guys in the shop were cool too, they had customers walking in and the guys we're inviting the customer's friends to play video games instead of just waiting and staring at the wall.  Overall, Ace, Josh and everyone was so down to earth, unpretentious, way friendly and totally mellow, not to mention, their team work is simply electric.It took Ace about 30 minutes to finish.  The whole time I felt comfortable and Ace made sure that was the case.  My ink came out way awesome, I was hella happy!  After all was said and done, Ace reassured me to come back anytime if I felt it needed a touch up or anything.  Such a cool guy, I swear!One cool thing about the shop is that they take Visa!  Way happy about that as I didn't need to run to the bank.  As far as the cost of the ink job, it was fair because it was less than I thought it would cost, which is always nice!I don't think I have enough canvas for more ink but who am I kidding, I'm sure I'll find room....and sure enough, I'll be giving Ace a call!
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2011,3/3/2011,330,444,13,16,13>Protein crave fix!  Came here last night after a rather meat-lacking meal.  Dined Friday night around 9 during "art murmur', Uptown's 'First Friday'.  I'd been sort of intimidated by the building, had heard it was expensive, and didn't realize this jewel of a restaurant has three different seating areas- the bar/lounge area in the front, and further in the back; the robata grill area, and the sushi bar itself.  Pretty fancy but not intimidating once you're inside.  I liked the bar seats made of huge pieces of wood.  Sounds weird but it has a rustic/fancy Asian vibe that's fun. There's a cool waterfall against one wall however it does seem to be leaking. Seating at the 0 shaped bar you can see and be seen.  As the night wore on there were many single men and, across from them, single ladies, just staring each other down!  It was cute.  I felt under dressed at that point. I liked our bartender but he was kind of hamming it up with people whenever we were trying to get in an order.  No biggy, though, because he was so nice. You can order food here till around 10.  I'm horrible and don't know the Japanese names for the food we ordered, but roughly, it was this- pork belly skewers, couple of pieces of unagi,  pork gyoza, crab cakes, and a sliced rare beef over garlic spinach and eggplant with a miso sauce.  This might have been my favorite.  The crab cakes were pretty good but not spectacular.   Our bill with only one drink and all items listed was about $75.00I was weirded out by the recording of Japanese language lessons' playing in the bathroom.  I thought it was the woman in the stall talking!  Is this to discourage people from napping in a stall or gathering to do coke in there or something!?  I think it's working. I shall return.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,3/2/2011,327,957,9,16,15>We celebrated DD's birthday here last night...and it was a blast.I worked with Meghann Pine to create a fixed price menu for our large party...she was great, and it was very easy!We arrived a couple of minutes early to check out our spot...but there was no one at the front desk...we could see the table...a very large booth in the main room...so we headed it that direction.  Eventually the wait staff figured out who we were, and came to our assistance.I can not say service was a 5 star experience, maybe a 3-4??  Food and wine arrived fairly quickly, but our red wine was never going to get poured, if I had not asked for it.  The staff was very polite, but they seemed to be a bit stretched.Our menu included:* Organic Mixed Green Salad* Farmstead Cheeseboard* Pulled Pork Sliders with Chipotle Slaw* Valrhona Extra Noir Chocolate Tart with coffee bean caramel and grey salt* Cupcake Chardonnay and Cabernet Sauvignon The cheese plates were somewhat skimpy...thank goodness we ordered several!!  The salad was great, and we had plenty of that...not overdressed, yay!!  The sliders with slaw were good....and Meghann planned the amount perfectly.  The dessert was the size of a piece of candy....way to tiny in my opinion...we should have had 2 per order, but they tasted great.  The wines were great, everyone enjoyed the Chardonnay, very fruit forward...no oak, even those who don't normal like a chard.  The red was full bodied and fruity...and complimented the dessert.The preset menu was a success, the group enjoyed the freedom from ordering.  Putting aside not-so-perfect service, the large party had so much fun...and spent several hours enjoying each others company!!
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,3/1/2011,716,387,8,13,11>Everyone has been giving this place a positive review. So much so that I wanted to try this place for the longest time. Tadamasa is located in a iffy corner of Union City, but regardless we came here to have some ramen! it's the restaurant is nice and clean inside. The interior has a simple decor of asian calligraphy.Service here is quick and friendly. Even when the waitress wanted to take the time to give us the best presentation possible since she saw us with the cameras.We came here for basically just the ramen, so it's basically what we got. I was very tempted to try the spicy shoyu, but I was still on a small coughing fit so just went with the simple miso ramen soup and my friend went for the Shoyu. The Miso ramen came in with the all the workings of a  basic ramen, I couldn't ask for more. The ramen soup came in with a simple presentation. I already loving how the way it smelled. I took a bite into the noodles and all the other food. The shoots were nicely sweeten, the noodles were just perfect and the soup wasn't too salty.If you want to compare.... probably the best ramen I had so far is surprising from Germany (No, I haven't been to Japan). NANIWA ( yelp.com/biz/naniwa-nood… ) is the best! Tadamasa and Santouka ( yelp.com/biz/santouka-sa… )  actually are fighting for the next place, both places are soo very good and is very much subjected to your taste.-----+ Pro: Quick and friendly service.- Con: Small place, I can imagine the joint getting very crowded quickly.\( ^,^)/ Overall: Best Ramen in the tri-city area! We'll be back for more!!!
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,2/28/2011,761,878,8,11,11>wow.. according to my reviews, i haven't been here in about 2 years (i couldn't remember how long it's been).... anyhow, a friend of mine saw good reviews and wanted to try it out, so we came last night since they had $0.99 sake specials.first off, it was packed last night... the two of us got there around 7:45 and waited about 30 minutes. we figured we were there already and my friend wanted to try it out... so not too bad. anyhow, last night we ordered the following rolls to share: Cherry Blossom, Flaming Dragon, Power of Love, and Ultimate Spider. all 4 rolls were very very good. reminded me of why i loved this place, but forgot since it's been so long. Cherry Blossom was very fresh, Ultimate Spider was my favorite probably out of all of them. the Flaming Dragon was pretty good, my friend wanted to order it after reading reviews about it - the flaming/fire gave the roll a barbequed taste, very interesting. the Power of Love was also really good, but it was funny cause both my friend ate a roll of it, looked at each and said "McDonalds". no joke, this roll tastes exactly like a combination of chicken mcnuggets and fries from mickey d's. hahaha.anyhow, great experience after a long hiatus!
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2010,2/27/2011,523,699,9,11,12>I may have found my favorite massage therapist- Monica.In my effort to get bikini ready for Costa Rica, I have been working out like crazy.  Actual cardio and everything.  As such, my body hasn't been happy.  Yesterday, it decided to quit on me.  AGAIN.  I was on my way to the gym, dreading it, when I decided to call for a massage.  I got one that night.  Still went to the gym, but my body wasn't having it.  Went home, took a shower, and headed over to get my rub on.  It was fantastic.  You know those 60 minute massages that seem like they aren't really 60 minutes?  This was a 60 minute massage that seemed like it was much longer.  I loved it.Strongly, strongly recommend this place.  Reasonably priced, late hours, and the hot tubs aren't bad either.If your body is bikini ready.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2010,2/26/2011,494,361,4,9,8>My g/f took me here for dinner, it was a chilly night in Livermore, but we walked in and warmed up in the waiting area, and took in the cozy atmosphere.  We got seated in the back of the Ale House, outside under a covered heated patio.  The beer selection was impressive and they had quite a few on tap that would rotate, and of course they had a pretty cool happy hour as well.What we had:Cajun Popcorn Shrimp:  Crispy little seasoned bits of shrimp, not to greasy, and nice seasoning.  This appetizer came out piping hot and made for a nice starter to share.Cilantro Jalapeno Burger w/ french fries:    Requested this one to be cooked medium-rare, came perfectly cooked.  I liked the herby flavors that cilantro provides, the jalapenos brought a little heat to the table.  The fries were decent, Mushroom Swiss Burger w/ onion rings:  Again the patty was well cooked, my g/f requested medium, and they delivered on that.  Mushrooms were caramelized and piled on, tasted what you would expect form a burger with these ingredients.Pear cider:  Normally ciders are to sweet for me, but this one is much drier and has a nice crisp acidity.  I got a taste of this one when my g/f ordered it and I had to get some.Seems like this place is open fairly late and there is always a crowd waiting to get in no matter what time you go!  I really like this place!
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2010,2/25/2011,423,725,8,8,9>Simply amazing.  I felt compelled to write a review as soon as I got home, it was so good.  The shaved asparagus and fennel salad was a perfect start, and the veggie pot pie (which is tiny) was delicious.  The cheese plate came a little late - we had hoped to have it with our wine for an appetizer, but was outstanding as well.I had the Vina Robles Petit Sirah/Syrah blend - no, I'm not just following Melissa B.'s lead, I actually visited the winery last year and I was impressed.  ;-)  Highly recommended, and reasonably priced.  I'll have to come back next time for their happy hour.I wish I had tried the portobello sandwich - not your usual huge-hunk-of-portobello on a hamburger bun, this is sliced on a crisp sandwich roll.  The lady had it, and after a bite I was impressed.Encuentro might be the best new place I've tried in the East Bay in 2010.  Strike that, it's the best new place I've tried this year - it made this veggie very very happy.Oh yeah, and the cheese plate comes out on a little triangular piece of slate.  Yup, you guess it - somebody asked if they started out with a clean slate this evening.  Yeah, I went there.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2010,2/24/2011,258,599,29,13,12>ATTENTION FREEDOM LOVING AMERICANS!Beer Revolution is a SOCIALIST business!This is place where elitist microbrews with moderate to high alcohol content are sold for $4-5 dollars a pint.  Those prices are proletariat friendly.  This is nothing less than a re-distribution of beer wealth.Not only that, but vegan soul food can be ordered on the premises.  Vegan?  How can a patriotic American avoid American meat?If you love freedom and liberty, stay away at all costs.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,2/23/2011,457,309,6,10,6>4.5 stars.This will be a pretty quick review.  Why?  I can't really think of anything bad about Geta.  The fish is pretty fresh, the staff is pretty friendly, their other food (what I've had of it) is pretty yummy, the service is pretty fast, and of course, their prices are pretty cheap!!They do get pretty busy though and the place is pretty small (hole-in-the-wall with not much seating), so either go early/late, be prepared for a wait, or get a to-go order.If you're looking for a good, cheap, friendly sushi/nigiri place, go to Geta!... pretty please? haha.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2010,2/22/2011,121,228,15,11,13>So, my friend just moved to the bay area from good ol' NYC, and we decide to have a night out on the town, to welcome her to Oakland.  Granted, we're both tired and lame after a week of work, so a night out on the town ends up consisting of one drink then home.HOWEVER.My one drink was a super cheap aged Jameson, and hers was a super cheap PBR tallboy.  WELCOME TO OAKLAND.We met my friend there whose pet pug (I'm sorry, he's a service dog, for real) is a regular at the bar.  Seriously, he sits on a bar stool.  WELCOME TO OAKLAND.We headed out back where it was beautiful outside, despite being the end of October.  WELCOME TO OAKLAND.On the back patio, my friend starts getting agitated.  I don't know why.  I realize it's because half the people here are not just smoking cigarettes, and where she's been living, that's still illegal.  I mean, technically, it is here too, but really: WELCOME TO OAKLAND.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2010,2/21/2011,237,253,7,11,13>Easily one of the top Tiki bars in the entire bay area.   I went here with a big group celebrating the friendship of a new friend who will be leaving the country for a while.  We had two scorpian bowls and they completely destroyed us.  The show they put on when the drink is delivered is awesome.  Besides the big drinks, the overall menu offers some amazing fresh juices and rums.  This is definitely a destination bar but do not expect to just walk right in at peak hours. This was my 3rd attempt at going here and the first time I was actually able to get in.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,2/20/2011,1027,1954,9,7,8>AYCE for $16.99?  The closest thing we've had in this region is Palace BBQ for about $23 which is pretty awesome because you cook everything yourself which means you can also select each meat piece you want.Here they give you all the meats plus grilled corn, soondubu (tofu soup), pajeon (pancake), and of course all the panchans (side dishes).  These might be fillers but they sure are tasty.  Even the soondubu which I expected to be watered down was pretty flavorful and even had clams in it.The chadolbaegi (brisket) is really thin and not too fatty.  Usually Korean buffets end up giving you fattier pieces to get you to stop ordering this.  This is the only meat that they cook on an electric grill at your tableside.  Everything else is done in the kitchen.I think this is where all the ghetto high schoolers hang out because where else can spoiled East Bay suburban kids disguised as gangsters afford a buffet of this type?  Sometimes I think their addiction to cigarettes starts out as part of the image and then transforms into an addiction.  Do people ever start out smoking for stress relief purposes anymore? This place is new so that's why it's good.  In 6 months, I expect the prices to go up to $20 and the meat quality to go down a couple notches.  We'll see.
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2010,2/19/2011,107,184,7,8,7>I'm a fan of their fish tacos. The fish is fresh, hot and crispy...yessss! One taco is served on two corn tortillas and they put enough fish that technically, you can separate the tortillas and make two tacos out of one order. I like mine sans cabbage...it's just filler.I'm a fan of salsa verde and the one they serve has a mild flavor with big ol' hunks of onions and lots of cilantro. I just wish it had a bit of kick to it. The chips they serve are thin and crunchy, similar to the ones Chevy's serves.I'm a fan of burritos that don't have oil oozing out the bottom and leave your hands oily. Who likes those last bites to be filled with oil? Not I, says Christine! Baja serves burritos in which oil is not a main ingredient.I'm a fan of their customer service because it is ALWAYS nice and friendly. Despite the lunchtime crowds, the staff is always pleasant.I'll tell you what I'm not a fan of...I'm not a fan of the big lobster that's attached to the bathroom key. I know that lobster has been in the bathroom but I shudder at the thought of where EXACTLY it's been.
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,2/18/2011,414,346,5,15,12>If I could give this place 100 stars I would for what they take and what they do with the money.  I HIGHLY recommend everyone to use this service...plus it's open YEAR ROUND and not just on a Saturday once a month.Staff:  Kindest people!  They are super helpful with unloading your car and one time it was raining really hard they came out and got my stuff and said I didn't need to show my California drivers license.How it Works:  You bring your stuff (the website gives a great list of what they accept which is A LOT more than just electronics) and pull up to the warehouse.  You show them your California drivers license and it's as simple as that!Please use this service because it does go to something really good and the people here are great!  I will continue to come here!
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2010,2/17/2011,351,380,6,10,7>i love a beach vacation. there are few things in life that bring me as much bliss as laying on the sand, sweating in the sun in a country where people do not speak english. but this habit is seriously costing me my youth. i am pale, meant to be pale, but at the end of last summer i looked in the mirror and grimaced. my cheekbones has swathes of brown below where my sunglasses hit. i looked muddy and dull. i looked old, ladies. i used to get facials regularly, but never did anything more than an enzyme peel or two. mostly cause i'm a big chicken, extremely pain averse. so when i saw the groupon for LED facials at rainforest and read they could treat sun damage, brown spots and wrinkles without any pain at all i jumped on it. now i am HOOKED. the LED facials are amazing, after 4 treatments and a couple peels, my skin looks brighter and happier. i can really see a difference. also mariza is such a friendly sweetheart, and she has a real passion for skincare. her place is super clean and very comfy. and you never feel rushed. she takes her time and really tailors her care to your needs. i also love that she uses products that are paraben and petroleum free. but she's also got some rockin hard-core peel products that really deliver results.  thank God i found this lady, she has seriously changed my skin. i'm still not giving up my beach vacations, but i will be wearing a hat from here on out.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2010,2/16/2011,133,424,12,14,13>Paco is a true artist. He listened to our ideas and worked with us until we were 100% satisified.  Myself and the Ms. both got new ink from him and we couldn't be any happier. He took his time and never rushed the artistic process. Watching him work was like watching a painter on canvas. He even freehanded a section of my tattoo. Julio also retouched a faded tattoo and he made it look a whole lot better. He does great flower work. All the artists all have great attitudes, they make you feel comfortable in their work space, and their prices are very reasonable.If you want to step your game up, check out the Secret Sidewalk.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2010,2/15/2011,285,153,11,13,12>Due to sudden local availability, dim sum has become my latest food obsession. My go-to spot that is literally walking distance from my home was overflowing with people at 11:15 am, so I decided to take a little detour to Union City...Things that made it onto my plate this morning: salt & pepper tofu, three flavor dumplings and pot stickers. The salt and pepper tofu was expertly fried and had the perfect salt to pepper ratio. I initially asked the waiter for the pork and chive dumplings, but he recommended the three flavor dumplings. They're basically the pork and chive dumplings but with shrimp added - very excellent recommendation! The pot stickers were about average, I get them at every Chinese restaurant I go to because some old habits are just hard to shake.Honorable mention to some interesting and bizarre specials I saw posted on the walls ... Crispy lotus roots, pig ears, marinated pork elbow and fresh cilantro salad with bean stick. My local dim sum spot is a little easier on the pocketbook, and that's about the only thing that would keep me from coming here on a regular basis. But don't get me wrong, the food is excellent and the service is prompt and friendly. They deserve all the local Yelp love.
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2010,2/14/2011,2016,1122,9,20,15>WOWZERS! this place is so great and is by far the best crepe i have had in a very long time and up there as one of the best ever.sure there are only a few places in the area to get crepes including select farmers markets but blossom bee is at the top for sure. crepes have become very popular over the years but it's still surprising to me you just don't see many crepe places popping up. blossom bee is even so much better than the larger crepe restaurants but with a unique fusion twist. the place itself is small and very cozy with a flat screen tv and even a comfy couch with a coffee table and magazines. today i took my dad here for lunch and i decided to get a breakfast crepe and my dad went with the dessert crepe. it didn't take too long for our order but like i said it is small and everything is made fresh to order. they only had one grill up front and they were making the crepes and cooking the sausage to order and it looked and smelled so darn good. my crepe was so good and the scrambled eggs were so soft and fluffy, the onions and peepers had the best texture and the chicken apple sausage was incredible. tis crepe all together had some of the best flavors i have tasted in a crepe or many other breakfasts. all together this was a fantastic treat for breakfast and i can't wait to try so much more on the menu because it all looks great. my dad really enjoyed his dessert crepe and all of the fruit was very fresh and there was so much of it. the portions here are great and the prices are even better at around $7 each. this is a fantastic hidden gem for sure and i will be back here very soon because i can't wait to try everything else on the menu. be on the lookout for my update on this review because i really must try the tropicana crepe with mango, pineapple, banana, cream fraiche and toasted coconuts. i'm not a big sweets guy but this sounds way to good to pass up!
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2010,2/13/2011,1261,122,15,21,17>Finally got to try Miyozen Sushi & Roll this weekend after a fellow Yelper's suggestion. Like any of her suggestions Miyozen was spot on, it was great and I loved it. Thanks Christine P.Since my sister took my two boys to the movies, my wife, my two years old daughter and I went to Miyozen for dinner. I've been to a lot of Sushi Bars before, but this was one of the best ones I've been too. I definitely like their setting, the proper lighting and dark furniture just added more to their food presentation and made the food more appetizing. The taste, OOOHHH SO YUMMY! I've had great Sushi before, but from a conveyor belt (or floating boats), never. That's why my wife and I was surprise to see that some of their specialty rolls were actually on the conveyor belt. We also ordered a couple of specialty rolls, so here's what we got for dinner: From the Conveyor Belt ($2 a plate, usually comes w/ 2 pieces): 49ers Roll - Fresh Salmon and lemon on top of a California Roll. NOW THAT'S HOW YOU MAKE A 49ERS ROLL! (So many years I've been so disappointed that I always eat the Raiders Roll because the 49ers Roll always sucks in most Sushi joints. This particular 49ers Roll kicks A$$.) Baked Scallop - Baked Scallop on top of a California Roll. Loved it, best one of the night. I think the other customers were mad at us because we kept taking it as soon as the chef puts it down. Hay he kept putting it on our side. Godzilla Roll - Deep fried spicy Tuna with unagi sauce and hot sauce. All mine, my wife hates spicy stuff. Tiger Eye Roll - Deep Fried Salmon & green onion with a touch of Masago. Very tasty. From the menu: Penthouse Roll - Apparently on the Special Specialty Roll Menu (not on their regular menu). Sorry I don't remember exactly what it was. Just remember salmon, unagi and Philly Cheese. Very good, so look out for it if they have it in their Special Specialty Menu. Rock & Roll - Unagi, avocado, cucumber, masago, and unagi sauce. Good but the least most exciting of the night. The Mango Mojito - Loved it! (Yes I like fruity drinks.) The service was also very good and friendly. One of the chefs actually gave my daughter a free ice cream and kept talking to her. Apparently he also has a two years old daughter and two older boys. We were also seated immediately and the food came out quickly. Overall I really love this place and recommend it. I also definitely want to try their sister restaurants, Drunken Fish and Koryo Sushi, both located in Oakland.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,2/12/2011,231,454,11,14,15>To balance what now feels a little self-indulgent morning review, here's something about food.  I'm sure if I keep up my misbehaving ways I'll get blackballed for good.Caffe 817 is next to Ratto's in Old Town.  It's small and gets full, so if you're not into full, go early or off hours.  Friendly and efficient staff, quaint space (though a little chilly in the winter).  Soups and salads make you feel a little less of a glutton than some other places and as we rush towards glutton season maybe a visit here before would help balance it out.I had only the white flaky lightly oiled tuna and egg on greens salad with toast for lunch today.  And it was perfect.  Their foccacia sammys are always good and a body can't go wrong with the breakfasts.Nicest on a warm sunny day when mabes you're looking for a break from your usual routine.  People watching, maybe a book, maybe a companion.  A perfect place for any and all of these.Bon apetit.
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,2/11/2011,149,451,8,15,10>Oh wow...my first Michelin star experience. Never in a million years would I have thought that I'll be dining in such a classy restaurant ($68/person for 4-course meal).  A riff-raff like myself?  (Thanks, X for the wonderful surprise!)  It exceeded any expectations I had.  I watch a lot of Top Chef, so it's almost like I was tasting the chef-testants' foods.Since the entire experience had so much attention to detail, I will reciprocate with an equally thoughtful review.  I have given Commis 5 stars for everything from the food (taste and presentation), the ambiance/decoration, to service, etc.  It's more like a production...a show to me.  A pure epicurean delight.  A feast for the senses.Other reviewers have mentioned that the location was very nondescript.  No signage anywhere but a blank placard above the doorway.  I walked by, peeked in, and even had to verify the address on the window just to be sure.  *LOL*  Simple elegance is a common theme throughout the entire establishment.  The walls inside were white but with strategically-placed spotlights shone against the wall.I was really excited to see the seats at the bar available to get front row view of all the action.  Once we sat down, we realized how the salamander was cooking more than just the food.  I felt my temperature rising within minutes.  I would have been too distracted by the chefs to be good company, so table-seating was a better choice.The menu changes every few days from what I gather from reviews plus or minus a day or two of when we dined there.  You are given two choices with each course (with the exception of desserts where you get 3 choices).  We made sure that we didn't choose the same dish, so we get to have everything on the menu.The utensils were meticulously set in a specific order and spot on the table.  All night, I was tempted to shuffle the utensils around just to see what kind of reaction I'd get from the waitress, but they'll probably find it obnoxious.  The urge was definitely there...the troublemaker in me.  The waitress was constantly scooting my plate or fork a millimeter to its designated spot.  Let me say I was very amused, but then again...I'm usually entertained and rarely bored.The amuse bouche sort of blew my mind.  When the waitress set a glass bowl of stones before us, we were both perplexed.  "Is this edible?"  She explained that the chef carefully prepared it with two parmesan balls.  Choose wisely or chip a tooth, huh?  Luckily the cheese had little sprigs of parsley on them.  Whew...I was getting a bit nervous.  I couldn't stop marveling at how the chef can make the likeness of a stone from cheese.  Visually, it was the standout of the entire meal.There was another amuse bouche that looked like an egg yolk and white.  The waitress introduces every dish, but I could not remember all the details because I was so entranced by the artwork/food before me.  It was so creamy with some crunch from the finely-chopped roasted dates and chives.Next, we had the broccoli soup with potato puree and cauliflower (?) chips.  I love contrasting textures, like the chips with the soup.  There was also the beet salad and some sort of veggie from the broccoli family.Then, the seafood course came.  The dungeness crab bouillon with sea urchin plate.  The crab was so succulent in the citrus cream sauce.  The other was black cod with yet another veggie I cannot identify but very delicious (with butter?).Third course was beef and the other one was chicken.  The poached chicken did remind me of the steamed chicken my mom makes.  I was wondering how they got the chicken into a circular form.There was a refreshing passion fruit cream soda before the dessert.  YUM.  The desserts we had were the blood orange panna cotta topped with citrus crystals (?) and chocolate cake with roasted hazelnut.  The crunchy topping for the panna cotta, I thought, was maybe granita?  Loved it.  It was nice and light, which is my favorite kind of dessert.At the end of our meal, we had the huckleberry gelee.Nothing is more satisfying than having small portions of many different, innovative, and refined dishes.  Variety kept my taste buds guessing.  The entire time, I found myself trying to figure out what we were eating because nothing is really as it seems.  To borrow from "Top Chef," the concept and the execution of each dish are what set Commis apart from the more pedestrian eateries.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2010,2/10/2011,449,368,16,18,19>This Chino loco isn't exactly the biggest fan of Mexican food, but on those rare stressful workdays when in the mood for something hearty and greasy, I do find my way out here to pick something up for myself (the majority of those check-ins above are from retrieving orders for coworkers). Taqueria Las Vegas is pretty much the only Mexican place I've eaten at for the past two years or so, but this is likely by default, since we are next door neighbors at the office.Las Vegas is an appropriate name, as every time I dine here, I do indeed feel like I have gone to Sin City... from all the guilt afterwards, and subsequent (food) hangover! Now, anyone who has read my previous reviews knows that I'm not a big lunch eater. I prefer to keep my caloric intake low during the day, and consume more at night (Warrior Diet FTW! digs.by/fAB3sT). However, even the best of us can succumb to the aroma of carne asada and tortillas permeating into the office on a daily basis.As alluded to earlier, I'm not the best person to ask when it comes to quality Mexican food, but all I know is that the few items I have sampled here are pretty darn good! My most common order is a small burrito with either carne asada or pollo, and on rare occasion, the carne asada with rice and beans platter.The burritos come in three different sizes, but the small one at six bucks is more than enough for me. As a matter of fact, I usually just eat half of it, and take the rest home for dinner. I don't even want to imagine what the medium and large would look like. In addition, according to the ingredients list on the menu, these two are also doused in cheese, while the small is not.The horchata is a bit on the watery side, and super sweet, but it's still pretty decent. For my money, I'd rather skip over to any of the numerous tapioca shops up the block to help down my burrito, not to mention that even with all the pearls, it would probably still be less calories.What I like most about Taqueria Las Vegas is the outdoor terrace. The surroundings are not much to look at, but on a warm day, sitting outside makes me feel like I'm in LA. It is almost like an escape... just a few feet away from the dreaded reality.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,2/9/2011,827,179,11,17,15>Norikonoko will make you feel like you have walked into the warm and inviting home of an old couple. Upon going past the sliding doors, I immediately saw the owners (husband and wife) busy preparing dishes in the open kitchen. It was such an adorable scene, they barely spoke to each other, but they complemented each other perfectly when cooking. The little ornaments placed on the walls and around the restaurant also made the whole place look authentic.We ordered the Chasu, Potsticker Ramen with a Miso soup base, the plain rice ball and grilled chicken with spicy miso paste. The food was good and I loved the flavor of the miso soup. At one point, two groups of customers came in consecutively and had to leave as the restaurant was too full.Overall, how can anyone not love this place. I really wished that I had asked for their names, but the couple at Norikonoko cook like they're cooking for their own children. They didn't seem too friendly at first, but towards the end of the night (I was one of the last to leave), they seemed more relaxed, and smiled when I managed to enunciate an "a-ree-GAH-toh" (thank you in Japanese) before leaving.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2010,2/8/2011,80,175,20,18,20>Joaquin Miller is the best urban park I've ever encountered.The back story of the self-made "wild-eyed American poet," Joaquin Miller is fascinating, the views of the Bay Area are spectacular, the architectural splendour of the reflecting pools and cascades always impresses me, and the casual trails provide a relaxed and well-shaded jaunt through Bay Area native flora.It's also a very special place to visit in the rain, or after a heavy rain, because then the cascades are active, as are the fountains in the pools--beautiful!Read my reviews: they're all bars and shitty restaurants.  I'm clearly not someone who's drawn to nature (long story, but despite an abiding affection for and long experience with nature, I rarely venture into it these days.  I drink cheap booze, eat food from trucks, and generally slouch about with my knuckles dragging on the ground.So, when I say there is a place of genuine beauty that I consider one of the fine City of Oakland's most prominent jewels... I FUCKING MEAN IT.Joaquin Miller Park rocks.  Martin W, out.EDIT: Also, I think it is a goddamn tragedy what we (as citizens) see so much of our tax dollars essentially thrown to the wolves (in the form of tax benefits for businesses), while resources that truly benefit and are available to the entire community languish, unfunded, and inadequately cared for (by harried yet dedicated and overworked staff and inexplicably resolute volunteers).
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,2/7/2011,198,50,20,29,21>About a year ago yours truly became a Bat Mitzvah.  The keen observer -- and well probably the casual ones too -- will note that I'm not exactly thirteen years of age.  Don't let the youthful angst or the teenage acne fool you.  I am 'of age.'  In terms of Jewish law, however, I was held back a few years.  It's embarrassing, I know.  So, in an effort to make up for lost time, I went all out.  I cemented my faith in the Jewish religion while in HaEer HaAtika, the Old City of Jerusalem.  I had my Aliyah to the Torah, gave the bracha (blessing), was showered in flowers and candy, and finally hoisted up in a chair as we all sang and danced.  If that wasn't enough of a celebration, at the close of Shabbat we ventured out into the city and partied it up with the locals, bar hopping and noshing on good street food.  My choice Israeli street food?  Sabich (pronounced: s-ah-biqh).  One of the few truly Israeli foods, its heritage coincides with the arrival of exiled Jews from Iraq.  Its name stems from the fact that it was typically eaten for breakfast on the Sabbath, but its filling qualities and hearty ingredients makes it the perfect penny-saving anytime food.  In layman's terms, however, it can be described as an overstuffed sandwich: a pita round filled with fried eggplant, hard boiled eggs, hummus, tahini, and Israeli salad (chopped tomatoes, cucumber, and red onions).  The sandwich is then topped with amba -- the sauce that this restaurant is named for.  A Middle Eastern condiment, amba is as important to sabich as secret sauce is to an In-N-Out burger.  No amba?  It ain't sabich.  So imagine my surprise when my sabich from Amba lacked amba!  The menu lists its important inclusion, but when I asked about it the people at the counter seemed surprised that I actually wanted some.  Sure it may be an acquired taste -- an orange colored pickled mango sauce with vinegar, salt, mustard, turmeric, chili, and fenugreek (the ingredient that provides its distinct flavor and scent) -- that my mom describes as being "very old world" in flavor.  But in ordering sabich, one expects it.  Especially from a true Israeli restaurant as Amba seems to be (it closes for the Sabbath, and a significant portion of its clientele sport yarmulkes -- always a good sign).  My dining companion had the falafel sandwich which was served with six plump, perfectly crispy pita balls -- not those hockey pucks you usually end up with at most Mediterranean restaurants in the US -- fresh cabbage slaw, Israeli salad, hummus, and tahini.  My sabich was prepared fresh; the eggplant still had a slight crisp to it and the Israeli salad retaianing just the right amount of acid.  The pita bread it was wrapped in was decent, having a pleasant texture and flavor, but unfortunately lacked the flexibility of a fresh one.  The restaurant's namesake, though?  Lackluster.  On first look I almost didn't even recognize the side serving of amba that I had so painstakingly asked for.  It wasn't until I timidly dipped a finger in and had a taste that I finally recognized what it was.  Amba's version of amba is darker in color than most preparations I've seen and the texture was as if it were run through a food mill one too many times.  Since it's a flavor that generally tends to grow on you, I tried it again.  Unfortunately, taste after taste, the flavor profile just wasn't there.  There even seemed to be a slight metallic taste to it, leading me to believe that it was not freshly prepared, but from a can.  Overall, though, I have to say that the food was very good.  In-fact, probably some of the best Israeli food I've had outside of Israel.  Maybe the restaurant should just change its name from 'Amba' to 'Falafel' and showcase what they're really good at making.
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2010,2/6/2011,126,1452,19,25,24>Well, well, well, what do we have here? After our moment on the pier we came here to check it out. Of all the years I have lived in this area I had no idea that this place was even here. Or I should say I didn't know it was even open. We went in and sat at the bar that over looks the Delta. They have a pretty big bar and lounge area. This place is the definition of Dive. We got another Cosmo to compliment the few we had up the street at Humphrey's. This is obviously not a regular drink here because they didn't even have martini glasses to serve it in. Then I noticed they had Sailor Jerry Rum. Don't mind if I do. So we got one Diet and Sailor's. It was very slow in there and from reading other reviews they have a restaurant that I didn't even notice. Great local spot and an absolute hidden gem.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,2/5/2011,1020,575,18,28,22>Another Antioch establishment I wished I had visited way sooner than I had.Face it. This place looks kinda old and abandoned on the side of a busy busy intersection. I remember driving past it when it had a dirt parking area. When I went in today, they had what seemed like brand spanking new brick parking area. Hey...looks like they're doing pretty well.I've been on a somewhat healthy streak this week, so naturally I reached for the turkey burger, hold the mayo. I also ordered a strawberry vanilla shake, extra vanilla. With one sip of the shake, I got a huuuge shot of vanilla right off the bat. Strawberry came much later. After a few sips, the sweetness got the best of me and I had to surrender. And you know it takes A LOT for me to actually take me down one sweet tooth at a time. Maybe next time I won't ask for extra vanilla. My bad...On the other hand, I absolutely loved my turkey burger. It had great texture and flavor. Juicy, not dry. Definitely my go-to alternative when I'm craving a hamburger. The owner was super nice when I came in, very friendly and welcoming. Add this with the awesome Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives-esque food, and the old, nostalgic Americana interior....I'll definitely be back!Sidenotes:~ Now open on Sundays. Call for hours. Open Mon-Fri 10-7:30. Sat. 11-7:30. ~ Cash preferred. $1 charge for ATM. No credit cards.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,2/4/2011,331,587,38,24,26>I used to be pretty good at math when I was younger. This bully even stole my algebra homework for a few weeks because I wouldn't date his friend. Even smart and beautiful people have problems sometimes.  While I'm not such a math whiz anymore, I do speak Spanish fluently. Or so I thought until I came to Mariscos La Costa. I ordered up half the sea because I had mucho hambre, and I expected the bill to be somewhere in the teens, because I hadn't really read the menu. When the nice man at the counter responded with 'seis dólares' I wondered if he was speaking some obscure dialect that I had never heard. I plunked down mi billete de veinte dólares to see what would happen, and what happened was math magic: the difference of twenty minus six, which just so happens to be fourteen. I suggest tipping favorably.Okay, so you now get that this place is cheap, but the food is phenomenal. Probably the best cevicheria in the biggity biggity O. Order up a few tostadas de ceviche de camarón, unos ostiones (oysters), and some tacos al pastor, and you'll be set. Only drawback is that you need to byob, but you won't have a problem finding any nearby. Or you can try their horchata which is also delicious. I may not be a number person anymore, but Mariscos has reminded me that math is cool, especially when it works in your favor and provides flavor.
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2010,2/3/2011,184,198,17,19,21>...the operative word being Qualita!PIQ serves a quality product, and my experience in Berkeley tells me that we love our grits here - if you have good food, they will come. Adding to their beautifully made Italian-style breads and pastries, they are centrally located and have constructed a beautiful and welcoming space.  It's only a matter of time before the hordes descend, so enjoy it while it's open and airy.Downtown Berkeley has been in the doldrums for a long time.  Expensive rents? A reviewer suggested that PIQ was out of place, and seems like it should be on College Ave.  Well, why shouldn't our downtown start to exemplify the quality of Berkeley life?  Berkeley Rep, Aurora Theater, the newish Freight and Salvage, the opening of Revival...we can hope this is a trend that will spread south along Shattuck so it stops feeling like an inner-city Greyhound station down there.I have yet to try the pizza, salads, and lunch items here, but I can tell you that the brioche twist was a revelation, a pastry concoction I haven't tasted the likes of in Berkeley for 25 years (there used to be a genius pastry chef at the now-defunct Sufficient Grounds who made an orange brioche to die for).  I was treated to a sample of the Venetian brioche at the same time, and I became misty-eyed with memories of gondolas and the Biennale.  The latte was small by American standards, but beautifully made. It's 2 blocks from work, and on my way from the parking lot in the morning.  I have a feeling that this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,2/2/2011,1205,283,18,23,26>Alright folks we do have a winner @truebruger.  This place is ridiculous good, like where have you been all my burger eating life good!  Seriously after some early day drinking and showing my friends from LA around we all where very hungry for something tasty and quick.  I know they love In N Out and so do (did) I but I decided to TRUST the word on the street about TrueBurger and venture on down.Placed my order The Bacon Cheesy Trueburger and an order of Chili Cheese Fries.  Sat down and indulged in every single bite.  I sat there amazed, and in silence wondering if my friends would also love their TrueBurger as much as I was.  We barely spoke and as soon as we all finished all we could say was damn this damn that.  Seriously between the ground beef blowing your carnivorous dreams, the bread tasting fresh out the oven, the cheese melted perfectly, the sauce spread generously all over with some nice thick pieces of bacon cooked to tender perfection, I honestly felt ridiculous forever thinking In N Out was burger heaven.  Kinda like when your with someone and think they are amazing then you break up and look back a few years later and think  "WTF was I on to think so and so was all that".  TrueBurger has no nearby competition and definitely doesn't hustle you.  The burger deserves respect and your dollar TRUST TrueBurger for your mouth watering burger moments.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2010,2/1/2011,261,905,7,13,10>Let me start out by saying how downright awesome my visit to Himalayan Flavors was tonight. I think it's been a while since I've seen such festive free entertainment and such a warm atmosphere at a restaurant. Since this restaurant only opened a few days ago, my parents and I decided to come visit during their trip up to Berkeley. After seeing a familiar face, we started chatting it up with the owner and realized this is a branch of Taste of the Himalayas down on Shattuck. Considering how much we love that restaurant, we knew that this had to be just as good, if not even better. Himalayan Flavors is meant to offer a cheaper, but wider selection. Best of both worlds!FOOD:- Choila Lamb: Marinated pieces of grilled lamb mixed with vegetables and served over crispy rice. This dish was perfectly grilled and marinated with lots of flavor. The vegetables made it quite interesting, and the crispy rice was a perfect touch.- Chicken Momo: Steamed dumplings with ground chicken and other spices. This was just as good as at Taste of the Himalayas, but I would've liked it better with lamb. The dough is a lot thinner here and somehow doesn't have the same texture as it does at the other restaurant. Excellent dish, but would've preferred lamb.- Bhapar ko Babar: Buckwheat flour bread stuffed with herbs and spices. This was quite an interesting choice on the menu, but I glad I tried it. It's a perfect mix of sweet and savory, and had that great buckwheat flavor. - Assorted Tandoor: Tandoor Chicken, Boti Kabab (Lamb), Shrimp Tandoor, and Chicken Tikka all grilled over vegetables. This dish came out on a sizzling platter, which made the presentation that much better. All of the meats were wonderfully prepared and it came with a bowl of rice as well.Lam Korma: Pieces of lamb served in a coconut yogurt sauce. This one was kind of a disappointment. The meat itself tasted amazing, but I had to hunt it down in the bowl for a while before I found a piece. Maybe I'm exaggerating, but I expected a lot more meat for a bowl of that size. The sauce was good, but a bit bland. It came with a bowl of rice, which was perfect for finishing up the sauce.Because it was grand opening weekend, there were tons of Nepalese people there, which I absolutely loved. The #1 singer in Nepal even flew out for the festivities and did a wonderful performance. So wonderful that my parents decided to go and dance right in front of him. Imagine a white couple in their 50s dancing among ~40 Nepalese people. A rare sight to see. Overall, I hope Himalayan Flavors flourishes amongst the wide selection of Berkeley restaurants.They definitely deserve it. Great service, great food, great atmosphere.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2010,1/31/2011,429,327,10,12,14>Ever just fit in?Just know that you were in the right place.  With the right person.  Doing the right thing.Me neither.But Lakeview comes close.  Half occupied by a children's corner with tiny tables and tiny chairs and big books with big letters; the adult section is skimpy but equally as darling (see neil strauss michael pollan and malcolm gladwell on a single shelf; see cooking right next to dieting ... on one shelf).  If the snags of your friends, lover and neighborhood holes delight, the familiar chip the worn in smell the weight of your history; i wish you exactly this place, too.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2010,1/30/2011,261,512,8,17,14>Spun sugar is unassuming from the outside, a small purple and pink shop full of baking supplies. The racks and small and cramped close together. Some items are more expensive than you would get at Michaels or online because they are an independent store (for example, cardboard cake bases are much more expensive and fondant is $15 for a 2 pound bucket when I know you can get it cheaper elsewhere). Yet they have an assortment of hard to find things at amazing prices (more types of tempering chocolate than I knew existed, more oil based flavors like key lime and cranberry, and more gel dyes than you ever need).Yet where Spun Sugar really stands out is the classes. I took the Topsy Turvy cake class last weekend and it was so informative and so much fun. I had a gift certificate for Spun Sugar, so the regular $125 class was free for me. But really, it's not a bad deal. It was a 5 hour, very informative class that provided all the ingredients, all the colors and flavors, and even provided lunch from North Beach Pizza across the street. The instructor was super helpful and provided very detailed instructions for making these beautiful, complex looking cakes, and we got to take a two tiered creation home at the end of the afternoon.It was my first time working with fondant and I made a very adorable cake in an avocado green fondant that I flavored with key lime. It was a wonderful way to spend a morning/afternoon and I came out of the classing knowing how to make the most amazing birthday cakes ever (even if they always look like Alice in Wonderland or Dr. Seuss threw up on it)
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,1/29/2011,301,336,15,23,17>Are you a condiment junkie like me? You know...a condiment junkie.  Someone with a refrigerator door full of bottles and jars of various sizes and shapes that might include, but are not limited to; curry ketchup, basil mayonnaise, french stone ground mustard, Indian panipuri sauce, creamy horseradish, imported Spanish capers and anything else they can fit into those small cubic inches without the hinges bowing? Someone who buys condiments just because they're cool or interesting, not knowing if they'll ever use them for anything? With all of these fascinating condiments on the market I'm sure you haven't thought about the two most important Italian condiments have you? Duh, I'm talking about olive oil and balsamic vinegar!I'm not sure who the person was who said "Do one thing and do it well" but I think it's a great philosophy.  In the age of super corporate box stores like Wal-Mart and Target trying to provide everything to everyone, we seem to have lost our focus and with it the ability to relate to customers on a one-to-one basis.That's not a problem at Amphora Nueva, a new specialty food shop in the shadow of the Claremont Hotel and Spa in Berkeley that does one thing...okay two things, and does them well. The general manager of Amphora Nueva knows a thing or two about high-quality olive oils and balsamic vinegars and she's eager to share her passion with you.Astrid and I walked in this morning just to check out the store and pick up some extremely good olive oil. We thought we'd be paying a fortune, but we were wrong! Everything in the store starts at $7.00 for a 200ml bottle. You like that Sicilian extra virgin olive oil? $7.00. You like that 18 year old Cinnamon and Pear balsamic? $7.00. You like that...oh you get it.You might say to your self,  "Self, why the hell would I drive all the way to Berkeley to buy olive oil and balsamic vinegar when I can pick it up at the grocery store?" Well, you've NEVER had oils and vinegars like these. The oil just bursts with the flavor of fresh olives and minerals from where they were grown. The vinegars are sweet enough, with no sugar added by the way, to drink straight from a cup. Trust me, your crappy, tasteless $8 olive oil from Whole Check or your bitter, sour, nasty balsamic from Berkeley Bowl just won't stand up to the oils and vinegars at Amphora Nueva. Benjamin Franklin once said, "A spoonful of honey will catch more flies than a gallon of vinegar." Wow, was he mistaken.I can't wait until I run out of the oil and vinegar I bought today so I can go back and try out something new!  I suggest you do the same.Cin cin!
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2010,1/28/2011,266,222,14,11,11>Meal Ticket should steal the Sleep Train's catchy jingle and call it their own. I know you know it!They should change it to, "your (meal) ticket to a better night sleeeeeeeep" and play it every time someone walks in the door.Because after I ate here the other day the food did just that: made me sleepy. A few hours later, I was knocked out like a light. ZzZzZz.Oh the days of eating until I'm in a foggy daze are long gone; I've made an effort to be healthier by eating healthier and just living healthier. But cornmeal pancakes drenched in syrup are, apparently, my kryptonite.If Superman can have a weakness, so can I. And I'm pretty sure that weakness is Meal Ticket.The place has been across from my family's business for years and somehow it turned out to be the Alcatraz of Berkeley. You know, the place that's been there forever, that everyone visits at least once, but no one local actually goes to it.Yeah, that's kinda how we viewed Meal Ticket. It's been there for years, wasn't going anywhere, so I'd always have time to try it.But now...ooh-ooh-ooh now, we gots a problem. Especially because my mom told me she saw Guy Fiererereerere filming his show at Meal Ticket the other day. (Obviously I don't know how to spell his last name and am too lazy to look it up. But you know, the diner guy on the food network with white spikey hair? Him.)This means crowds are going to increase - good for them! - wait times will increase - bad for me - and though I pray that the quality of food doesn't take a hit - bad for everyone - I'm skeptical.But I'll keep frequenting the joint until that day comes. Lets hope it never does!
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2010,1/27/2011,382,382,13,18,12>Can't yelp a Duelling Piano Bar to a song...they do it so much better (granted it's a little saucy).I love That Bar and am so excited that this fresh establishment can add to Danville's nightlife.  Serving resonably priced pub fare and featuring Duelling pianos Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights, this is "that bar" that you want to hang out at!Here's my top 3 for why this place gets 5 stars:1) Food is really good.  The Monte Cristo is a heart attack waiting to happen but if you want to taste a deep fried sandwich that is just the right blend of sweet and savory, you must try it.2) The Services is Fantastic.  This place is really crazy and busy  but the servers/bartenders are great.  Want fries with your sandwich? Sweet potato or regular?  Another beer? Absolutely!3) The pianos....so far everyone I've seen is great.  Would like it if they knew a little more recent hits or some of the funnier SNL (never been to a duelling piano bar that didn't know Justin Timberlake's classic), but can't knock all the classic duelling piano classics: Journey, Neil Diamond etc!I'll close by offering a few tips to those who go or plan to go to that bar:***Ladies: people want to see the pianos, not you and your drunk friends running up on stage every 5 minutes.  If the piano guys call on you to come up, go up there and if they don't, let's try to keep your dancing debuts to your table or once in a while  ***The piano players play for tips.  If you keep writing requests with no money attached, stop pouting that your request isn't getting played!  It isn't personal...oh wait, yes it kind of is.***As much as the entertainment does to bring people together, it's just not nice manners to take over other people's tables while they are in it.  I've observed this more than once, where someone comes by asking for a chair, then sits down and starts ordering food.  Get to That Bar early and get your own table
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2010,1/26/2011,338,1028,9,9,8>We met some fellow sushi loving friends here for dinner last Tuesday night.  They frequent a number of sushi places nearby but suggested Yokoso because of their "free roll if you spend more than $30" deal on Tuesday nights.  The rolls I especially enjoyed were the specialty options I had not seen elsewhere.  The Long Beach was one of my favorites.  It had garlic on it.  Garlic!  The Long Beach and Fuji rolls both had this mustard sauce that I wasn't sure about at first but after tasting them, I'm sold on that mustard sauce.  I also really enjoyed the Rolls Royce, especially because our friends recommended ordering it not fried.  Such a good idea.  Frying it would have taken away from the delicious fish and avocado.  It would have been too much.  The OMG roll literally had me saying "OMG, that's spicy!"  I made it through one piece and was proud of myself.  My honey made it through two but he also really likes spicy things.  Adam Richman could probably eat 10 OMG rolls and be none the worse for wear.  youtube.com/watch?v=RoCr…
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2010,1/25/2011,275,321,8,12,8>When you need to buy something beautiful & sparkly, look no further!George is the owner here, and treats every single customer like they are someone special. He's Greek & brings old world shopkeeper charm to downtown Lafayette.He is a full service jeweler, which means he'll:- do repairs on site- create custom settings- replace watch batteriesHe is honest, funny & never forgets a face. He and his wife are so delightful, I have sent everyone I know to them. It is so reassuring to know that you are visiting a non-chain/non-commission store for your purchases. His prices are competitive, and he stocks all sorts of dazzling goodies to grab your heart. All price ranges are met.Visit George, he'll take care of you! Then of course, you can go drop next door at the Round up & have a celebration cocktail.
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,1/24/2011,242,127,17,14,17>.I was born and raised an A's fan and always will be an A's fan. At the age of three I was already coming to the coliseum, watching Jose Canseco, Rickey Henderson, and Mark McGuire warm up. My dad brought my sister and I to the ballpark twice a month during baseball season. And when the A's had their firework show after the game, we would be parked outside across from the coliseum, under the Bart railings just to watch the fireworks. It takes a lot to be a real Oakland A's fan. Real Oakland A's fan have heart, dedication and loyalty to the team. And I'm not talking about those people who jumps on the bandwagon after they win 20 games in a roll, make it to the playoffs or gets wind that the movie Moneyball is going to be made and decide to buy some Oakland A's attire so they can be an extra in the movie.. The real fans are the people who didn't turn their backs on the A's after they lose in the ALDS, losing in game five each time four years in a row.Instead we believe until this day and will argue that Jeremy Giambi was safe. Real Oakland A's fans are resilient, we get our hearts broken every year when our home grown players become stars and get taken by teams like the Yankees. But never once do we turn our backs on the team. Or feel defeated because we know that there will be other stars. Real Oakland fans don't hate on the ballpark, yeah yeah it may not be the prettiest or the newest ballpark but it's the home of the A's and it's in Oakland. Don't bitch and moan about the ballpark a real Oakland A's fan would be too DRUNK to notice. Being an A's fan isn't all about watching Barry Bonds hit 70 homers. It's not about watching A Rod go .290/35/113/121/15, and watching him whore around with Madonna or Kate Hudson. It's not about any of those big name players and their big salaries. Being an A's fan is about following a consistently overachieving ball club with a consistently young and fun team. It's about loving the city of Oakland and the crazy ass people. Being a real Oakland A's fan mean, telling them damn SF Giants band wagoners to shut it. Especially all them Giants fan who talk all this mess about being the greatest when you've only got one world series win. We got 4, talk to us when you win another 3. And real Oakland A's fan will always believe, no matter what. You know a team kicks butt when a movie is being made about them and has Brad Pitt starring in it.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,1/23/2011,178,97,7,16,10>The First time I hiked to the top of Mission Peak I was drenched in sweat. The tenth time I summited the peak, I was still drenched in sweat, only this time I did it in less than an hour. Looking to follow through on that new years resolution to get in shape? Try your mettle against the trails of Mission Peak Regional Park. This can be a down right challenging trail, especially if one pushes themselves to increase pace. In my opinion this trail is not for casual unconditioned hikers. The steepness alone requires a fair amount work and good cardiovascular strength. But if you are reasonably healthy and in no hurry to get to the top, I'd say anyone could enjoy the amazing views of the Bay and rolling hillside along the trail. The parking lot is always full during park hours, and the surrounding neighborhoods tend to fill up as well, especially on the weekends. The entire Mission Peak Trail route is 5.6 miles from base parking lot to summit and back. The elevation change is about 2200 ft of winding trail through cow pastures. Much of the trail is open and exposed with little to no tree cover. Because of this, during the summer months it can get really hot with no relief from the sun, so sunscreen and plenty of water is priority. During the winter, the top of the peak often drops to freezing levels, with below freezing wind chill factors. So very warm attire is highly recommended, and of course water is always a must. My favorite time of year to hike here is in the spring months, when Its sunny and warm enough to appreciate the amazing array of wild flowers that bloom on the lush hillside. Occasionally, especially during spring when grazing is prime, you'll cross paths with the local bovine. These large road blocks are for the most part harmless passers by, but with their extreme length and girth its best to keep a reasonable range between you and the beef, because you don't want none! Give them a nice boisterous "How do you MOOOOOOO" greeting as you hike by. Often you'll get an appreciative response. The top of the peak is quite rocky and uneven with some loose surface dirt. A nice pair of cross trainers, hiking shoes or boots are recommended. You'll often find many people hiking with Trekking Poles, because it displaces a significant amount of upper body weight. Though its not mandatory, I would recommend using poles for anyone who wants to improve on hiking strength and time. I can remember getting to the park around 6am one morning to begin my trek to the top. It was a foggy summer morning in August, which provided a nice cool start to my hike. Approaching the last part of the climb towards the peak as I emerged from the fog to a beautiful sunny morning sky, I looked out to view a sea of gray clouds extending out to the horizon. Looking above the blanket of fog over the entire Bay Area was one of the most amazing sights I've ever seen. Its rare to experience an above the clouds experience like that of soaring at ten thousand feet in an Airbus Jet, all while still being on the ground. That can be one of the many experiences that come about while on the crest of Mission Peak. Not to mention the exhilaration you'll feel when you step foot on the second highest summit in the East Bay!
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,1/22/2011,64,706,18,15,11>Oh lordy lordy, there's more meat in this place than a packed gay bar mmmmmkay!I think I found the holy grail of BBQ joints but sadly it's not in my backyard :(  I could change that though if I wanted to fork out close to 700K on a house in that hood ;-)You walk in and are instantly slammed with smells of slow roasted meats, tangy bbq sauce and huge smiles from the staff behind the counter.  It's one of those joints where you move along a sizable counter where the staff ask ya what you'll be having then carve the meat right off the block.  They will also chop it to your specifications, almost liquefied if need be (for the older set).For this inaugural visit, I had the 1-Meat Plate ($9.50) with Southern Pulled Pork, two sides (Mac & Cheese and Waffle Fries), and the dinner roll which I will praise in just a moment.  The pulled pork was cooked to perfection, melted in my mouth and this was before I doused it with their signature bbq sauce!  The sides were equally delicious with the extra creamy mac & cheese and super crunchy/lightly seasoned waffle fries.  The piece de resistance was the buttery, slighly sweet pillow from heaven (aka dinner roll).  I couldn't believe my taste buds, sure the whole meal was a widow-maker but I didn't care because I was pleasantly happy.Overall I had a really great meal coupled with excellent service.  Oh and I can't forget the best way to end the meal, FREE SOFT SERVE ICE CREAM, no I didn't stutter!This place is on my list of faves for sure!!!!
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,1/21/2011,424,1322,14,22,22>Last night, we had the pleasure of dining here to celebrate my daughter's 14th birthday. We had a reservation for 8 people, but sadly, my Dad had a tire blow out on Grizzly Peak so he and Toni were unable to join us. It was pouring down rain and I mean pouring so we opted to do the "valet" parking.Once inside, we were seated at a nice wooden table downstairs. The chairs were comfortable and breadsticks along with two dipping sauces (a hummus of sorts and a tomato of sorts) adorned the table. It was nice seeing something different than bread and butter and were tasty! Aside from my daughter, husband and self,  the rest of our party rounded out with 2 of my best girlfriends(who are like auntie's to my daughter)and their spouses(we had a surprise with one who was able to join for dessert!)The menu boasted many delicious offerings. Husband started with the Caprese salad with Buffalo mozzerella. Daughter thought that meant the cheese came from Buffalo NY which made us all laugh. 2 of our party had the tomato basil bisque that looked chunky and very hearty and they enjoyed it and daughter stared with the fuji apple salad that came with all the things she loves-avocado, goat cheese and nuts. For her main course, she ordered the filet medium rare and it was like butter. In fact, we discussed that we liked the filet here better than the filet at Fleming's! Husband had the special cioppino that was very hearty and full of wonderful seafood but they did serve it to him with a dead mussel. Not good. I had the seafood mixed grill and subbed mashed potatoes for the polenta. Everything was perfectly cooked from the scallops to the shrimp to the halibut to the salmon. I almost licked my plate clean. One friend had the pork chop which was huge and she enjoyed and the other two had the crab stack (GORGEOUS) and a pizza with spinach salad.Since we were celebrating a birthday, we opted for 4 desserts to split among us. We all decided the half baked chocolate chip cookie thing with gelato was the best. The chocolate torte was loved by daugther and one friend, the pumpkin creme brule was good but daughter realized she was a purist and really prefers just vanilla bean as her favorite and lastly, was the apple cranberry crisp. The flavors were good but it needed more crisp.Water was refilled, my cosmo to start was strong and well worth the $10 and our service was stellar. By the time we left, the place started filling up with nicely dressed men and women and there was a couple of bouncers so if you are wanting to come to dinner, do so early. Additionally, the restaurant is VERY loud so unless you can hold your own or are with a large group, this might not be the most cozy/romantic atmosphere.Despite the rain and missing my folks, we had a lovely meal and a great birthday celebration. I might be willing to go back next month to celebrate my own...
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2010,1/20/2011,587,806,9,13,11>I am definitely a fan of the Black Bear!When it comes to good old, hearty country cooking, Black Bear does it right!I'm a big fan of Patty Melts, and one thing Black Bear does right, is there Melts.This particular Black Bear is quite large, with more than enough seating. I ordered a Petite sized Patty Melt (which is actually a quite decent size) it comes with your choice of Fries, potatoes or onion rings- I opted for the onion rings.As always, my Patty Melt was grilled to a country lover's perfection, with savory grilled onions, gooey Swiss cheese, all accompanied next to a pile of thick, goldenly crisp old fashioned onion rings.Overall, food is always a winner with me! There omelets are incredible, as is most of there dishes. The service here and as at most Black Bears, are sincere and genuine, not to mention the prices are fair considering the amount you get.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2010,1/19/2011,1429,411,29,34,33>I don't know if I have enough pepcid to keep doing this...When I first found Yo Phillys, it was love at first bite- literally. Now, several months later, I feel I've become a regular at Yo Phillys and have enjoyed a countless number of steaks thanks to Yo Philly's head honcho and owner, Tom. For the longest time, however, I've only been getting cheesesteaks, mushroom steaks, or Yo Philly steaks- I had yet to venture into the world known as THE ROCKY BALBOA... until last night. As if I'm surprised that the steaks could get any better at Yo Phillys- they did. As long as my heart can handle it, the Rocky Balboa will be my new go to steak at Yo! Imagine this, a whopping 1LB of steak topped with HOT PEPPERS(that means jalapenos!), Onions and Wiz- A steak so intimidating that it may make you question your masculinity half way through- Yet so delicious that it makes you wonder why no other steak shop can get it right... Since my last review, Yo Philly's has quickly blossomed into a Bay Area wide known shop for delicious steaks. The shop itself has new items- including an even WIDER variety of Wise Chips and Tastycakes. It's even got an authentic Rocky III punching bag hanging now- kinda neat. The owner has put together community fundraiser events to help for the local schools- most recently a Steak Eating contest where the winner downed 3 Balboas in an hour! How freaking awesome is that?! When the owner and I spoke, he even let me in on a few more cheesesteak contests he had lined up for the future(but i'll keep those secret for now, you'll have to wait and see!)5 Stars for the steaks. 5 Stars for the service. Another 5 stars for Yo! Philly's Cheesesteaks in Alameda.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2010,1/18/2011,298,445,15,19,18>Guadalajara, Guadalajara, GUADALAJARA!!! My Favorite Taco Truck of All time!!! The Tortas de Carne Asada con Crema y Queso are amazing!! When I was a kid my Mom and me would do laundry up the block and come here for tacos. As an undergrad at Mills College this became a regular study break meal, and as an adult it has become the spot I hit up when I realize I am hungry after a night out but am closer to Fruitvale than to Mission. This truck in on a corner in a small plot. There is plenty of parking but beware that people park like idiots. If you go after dark be prepared to be entertained by at least one pimp-ho dispute and always regardless of time of day you will have at least one buster asking you for money or your phone number (sometimes both). The prices recently went up but still I return faithfully for either a Carne Asada Torta con Crema y Queso, Tacos de Carne Asada, Sopes Vegetarianos, and/or Corn Quesadillas. There is something intoxicatingly addicting about their Salsa Verde and fresh Rabanos. Service is always great and fast. Yes, I am a regular.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2010,1/17/2011,341,458,13,18,15>Nobody who needs collision repair is in a good mood.  Whether it's your fault or not.  Whether you have to deal with insurance or whether you have to eat it out of your own bank account.  It all sucks, and you're crabby about it.Wilma's is a business of sunshine and rainbows and puppy dogs, when you're walking around with a thundercloud over your head.  I exaggerate a little.  But everyone who works there was really sweet and cheery.  And there really is a puppy dog.  Well, if you can call a full grown, friendly golden retriever a puppy dog.  Lady seems to be the store mascot, lives in the back office, and she's a sweetie who loves attention.  I love a dog friendly environment!  Oh, the actual collision repair?  You care about that?  Top notch.  Accurate and competitive estimate.  On time.  (In my case it was ready a day early)  Guaranteed work.  Clean car.The only downside is that they do not take personal checks or credit cards.  I had to get a cashier's check to pay when I picked up the car.  But that was not a huge deal, and they let me know up front.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,1/16/2011,178,382,4,7,9>What can $3.50 really buy these days? - One gallon of gas, a tall white mocha from Starbuck's...but most importantly, a bottomless cedar box of sake!! Yes, unlimited sake. It really is true.Unfortunately, I was DD that night, so I opted out of the sake fest and stuck with a single glass of plum wine instead (which, by the way, was a total win in itself). However, it was quite entertaining watching the rest of our dinner party sipping their way to oblivion throughout the entire meal. The old man waiter did a fantastic job keeping everyone's box overflowing with glee. Little did we know, he was actually keeping count of how many boxes each person drank within half an hour. We learned later in the evening he does this to prevent post-dinner-sushi-sake-spillage all over the sidewalk, as he had previously encountered with another party. Smart man! The food did not fail me. With a wide variety of rolls, I settled with one of their specials of the evening - the Snow White (eel & avocado topped w/ crab & tobiko). Big surprises come in small packages. Don't let the skinny rolls fool you, they are quite explosive with flavor...AND that's without being over-drenched in sauce! Major kudos in my book. Catching a glimpse at Tiffany C.'s salmon sashimi (before she literally inhaled the entire platter!), I couldn't help but notice how fresh each slice looked. I wasn't able to sneak in a sample taste, but she assured me it was absolutely divine. I'd definitely come back for the sashimi...and perhaps, I'll be able to train my liver to imbibe on the bottomless sake as well.TIPS:- Get here early! We reserved a table at 5:30 and all was well. By 6pm, we looked up only to find a huge crowd shivering in front waiting to be seated.- Do not dishonor the Japanese. Listen to the old man waiter who's pouring your sake.- Please remember to drink in moderation! (Unless you're liver is made of steel, then feel free to get your chug on.)
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,1/14/2011,264,294,10,11,13>I love this place. It will be one of my first stops when I visit home, and I will eat a pound of chicharrones BY MYSELF.At first I thought they had little fluffy bathmats hanging out on top of the stove, but then I realized that no, it was just yards and yards of fried pork skin. It was so heavenly I could have died.Great for groups and take-out too as you can buy everything by the pound. The carnitas, of course, are amazing since one can't always sustain on chicharrones alone. This is the stingy pork lover's dream come true!
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,1/13/2011,102,109,11,13,12>Vesu has everything I look for in a girl. independent, strong willed, confident, opinionated, cultured. one who is not afraid to try new things & maintains an open mind. traditional yet sleek & modern. intelligent. that type of down to earth, straight to the point type chick. straight sexy. Not only is Vesu all these things, but is also so talented. I'm impressed. If you ever run into her, you've got to try the Alaskan Coho Salmon ($15) It's melts in your mouth to die for! On top of the salmon sits three to four carefully placed shallots adding a nice crispy texture. The citrus crusted ahi tuna ($24) is definitely worth every bite. It's served with a side borba farms zuchinni "noddles" that is a perfect compliment to the dish's main focus. Next time I run into her, the Ahi tartare is next on my list. Not much on the menu, but tapas restaurants usually don't.If dinner isn't your thing tonight, or just playing hooky from work, Vesu is also the perfect go to place to have drinks, vibe and enjoy the night.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,1/12/2011,294,247,38,34,30>My dearest Yelp family...I do so hate to quibble with you, but Little Star Pizza is in Albany, rather than in Berkeley. Zachary's is in BerkeleyGioia is in BerkeleyJupiter is in BerkeleyAll three make mighty fine pizzas.But LIttle Star Pizza is deep in the heart of Albany.It's near Landmark Theaters Albany Twin Cinema. It's across the street and down some from Five Little Monkeys. It's almost around the corner from the Albany Preschool and the Albany Senior Center.In other words, it's right in my backyard. And as a bit of a homey, I think I can safely say:Little Star is to Zach's, Gioia and Jupiter asthe Albany School District is to the Berkeley School District. Seriously. Ah love 'em all...but I'm gonna send my youngster to Albany Preschool, my teen to Albany HIgh School and my mom to Albany Adult Education. And I'm gonna send my serious pizza cravings to Little Star. Today we had the White Pie. One of us had a glass of white wine, the other of  red wine. (Said he, "the red is slightly more expensive." Said I, "Oh go ahead, splurge...")The ambience mid-afternoon on a Sunday was perfect. Not too quiet, not too noisy.The waitress, perfectly poised without being intrusive. The pizza makers each made an appearance at our table, but didn't linger. And the pizza....for this is a review about the pizza...cheesy, with fresh tomatoes, fresh roasted zucchini and just the right crispy crust. Perfect.So...yep, Gioia is mighty fine if you don't mind sitting outside on a bench. Jupiter is mighty fine, if you feel like mingling with the college crowd. Zach's...well, Zach's is for those who love the frenzy. But LIttle Star............oh yeah! A mighty fine pizza. Right here in (SHOUT IT OUT, Eric B)....Albany.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,1/11/2011,561,82,15,15,12>I've got a new man in my life. His name is Jacob and he keeps me up all night. Courtesy of Philz Coffee.Though I usually like my coffee black, as I prefer my men, with Jacob it's a different story. In my humble opinion, it is much better to add milk and sugar with this little fella. A taste of heaven in a 12 ounce cup awaits you.   I've also strayed away from Jacob in the past (not as shameful as one would imagine) and ordered the Philtered Soul, (what a clever name) just black and was thoroughly satisfied. The chocolate taste and scent pleased my two senses without being overwhelming but rather, seduced the taste buds with such prominence and completely avoided a powerful aftertaste. A kind, humbled soul indeed.   Once I placed my order, I asked the delightful barista, Sarah, what she recommended. She gave me a handful of coffee choices ranging from light to dark roasts. Sarah also spilled the beans (pun intended) on the Tesora special on sale for $10 a pound this month only.My new coffee aficionado friend also taught me a thing or two about beans, like the lighter roast you get, the more caffeine. Who knew? An important fact during finals week. She educated me on a plethora of coffee knowledge that I can now reiterate to a noob with much confidence. Thank you for the lesson. After getting your coffee, tea, and or freshly baked goodies (from Berkeley's very own Nabolom), be sure to pay at the register behind you. A tip is always welcoming, especially considering the exquisite coffee making show they put on for you. Just watch the baristas do their thing. What fun! Getting a caffeine fix at Philz really brightens up my day, especially because there is a huge seating area upstairs towards the back to relax. Couches and Victorian style chairs surround the grounds, awaiting for you to take comfort in your own hands. Wifi is readily available as well. There is even an occasional piano player that soothes the hustle and bustle environment. Not just any piano player, but a great one at that. Look for appearances dates/times on the blackboard by the register. "Talented fingers welcome" states a sign prominently placed on the piano. An audible serenade by keys (sharp and flat) and a delicious coffee make my day 10x better than it was before I arrived. Though, I must admit one tangent. The "z" in Philz would usually make an English major like myself cringe, in fact, it bugs the hell out of me when other establishments over exaggerate letters. However, with Philz , I can easily overlook it. Overlook because this coffee joint delivers pure ecstasy with every sip and allows me the drive to continue a long night ahead with Jacob, courtesy of PhilZ. You have made all my dreams come true.
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2010,1/10/2011,968,110,12,15,13>Went to this place for a girl's night, and let me be honest, we did not plan to go here. We were in route to VESU, when I heard KE$HA blaring from the open front door.  WHAT???? WC doesn't play cool music at the local lounges.... We crossed the street and bolted inside where I met a lovely girl.  She grabbed us and said, "You girls are HOT! Let my boyfriend buy you a drink!"  (As you see, I liked this place immediately!)  Her b/f happened to be the owner. He was such a nice guy and the drinks are great here.  The place is smaller, and was packed, which made for a great vibe paired with the wicked music that was playing. The staff are HOT as well.... I don't think they hire ugly people! LOL  All in all, it is a very fun place to chill out with our friends and sip delish cocktails!
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2010,1/9/2011,342,397,15,20,19>As the road was winding, the rain pouring, flashbacks of every in-the-woods slasher flick I've ever seen ran through my brain. Once I arrived, I couldn't focus on the surroundings or interior of the Brazilian Room, it was still pouring. Once settled with all the wedding materials, the fireplace roared in the back of the room, the staff working furiously to bring out appetizers and cheese plates while guests drank beer, wine, and champagne, waiting for the 2nd shuttle to bring the rest of the immediate family. And then the sun came out. I have stayed in cabins in the middle of Lakehead, north of Lake Shasta, with views that span the forest for 100 miles. Here in Tilden Park,the view of the surrounding trees and escape from the rat race of the Bay Area are breathtaking, one-of-a-kind, and give you that same vacation/ " I've escaped" feeling. Rent a big ride and have the straight edge member of your crew drive. Enjoy this beautiful landmark, while sipping various drank and dancing to the Black Eyed Peas and Lady Gaga. It's a wedding, c'mon... quit sitting down. This chick wants to meet you....
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2010,1/8/2011,378,165,38,40,35>I must thank Mike Z for his review of Kakui Sushi. I just had the most wonderful lunch at this lovely new restaurant in Montclair. The sushi is presented in such a creative way. Not only is everything extremely fresh, but it's pretty too. Yes the service is amateurish, but if you have a little time on your hands sit back and enjoy the beautiful surroundings, and the enjoyment of seeing all the gorgeous presentations that are coming out of the kitchen and sushi bar. And while your there, make sure to visit the restroom. It is so pretty; that after washing my hands I found myself wiping the water splashes off the side of the basin. Yes, it's that nice in there. I didn't get any of the lap action that Mike got, so I'm a bit bummed. Guys have all the luck.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2010,1/7/2011,224,231,14,17,14>Beer lovers, snobs, or basically anyone who can't stand watery, flat beers, traipse to the Trappist. I wish I had a portable gut pouch so I could try all the amazing specialty beers the Trappist offers. Greedy much? But my favorite of the night was definitely the St. Bernardus ABT. Solid, complex yet delicate and even at 11%abv it's definitely a drinkable number. It's recognized as one of the best ales in the world!Dismal food choices for dinner though. The $8 pastrami sandwich was not the high stacked pastrami sandwich you'd expect. Instead, it was just a panini with the smallest slivers of pastrami.But I will be back soon, already planning on taking my brother here when he visits in a few weeks!
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2010,1/6/2011,883,311,13,14,16>I have no idea how I haven't reviewed this yet.I grew up literally right behind it (please don't stalk my parents) and would sweet talk my dad into taking me here for a milkshake and a junior dog after saturday morning swimming lessons and karate class.Hello, nostalgia.So, first off, the milkshakes are always just thick enough.  Not too thick, but enough so that you get that awesome flavor without it getting too soupy.  They do the classics (vanilla, chocolate and strawberry) but they still have that hometown flavor to them.  And of course, the only other thing they do, hot dogs!  AMAZING!  I literally grew up on these and there is no other hot dog like them.  They make their own hot dogs, (which they sell in packs at Costco, fun fact!) so they have a very distinct flavor.  What I like is that it never tastes oily or greasy to me.  THAT is what's important- flavor not the grease.  They also make their own chili in house (it's terrifying how many places use scary chili) for their chili dogs, and it is awesome.  I usually get a chili dog becuase, well because it's amazing.  Oh, and the staff! Somehow, Casper's has managed to draft the sweetest people ever and give them the orange apron.  Usually, when strangers call me 'hun' it makes me want to smack them, but from the staff here, it's genuine and makes me feel like they're that one favorite aunt that sends cards for the B-level holidays like St. Patricks day and Arbor day.  Yes, I'm rambling, but you get the picture right?
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2010,1/5/2011,133,165,19,15,16>I was raised in a home where the television had to be OFF during dinner and if I was watching television I was NOT allowed to play the radio or any additional perfunctionary noise maker and if we had guests the television was off entirely as was the radio, record player, tape recorder, cd player, Atari, commodore 64, Nintendo , Sega etc. etc.  andif we dined out as a family, we ate at restaurants that had dining rooms, NEVER and I mean NEVER did you sit at a bar or at a place that offered backless chairs...So as an adult when mom and dad said, let's meet up for dinner of course I decided the most suitable place would be a Pub for Rugby aficionados In short mom was unhappy from minute 1 and complained to the adorable, patient and kind waitress about...the noise....the smell of "bar".....the "unsuitable" cocktail glasses......the dimness of the PubWhat she could not complain about however was the following:-the food, as it was delicious and reasonably priced-the cocktails, as they were creative and strong-the service, as they were attentive and ridiculously patientWill I return here?  Yes, mom not so much.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2010,1/4/2011,2712,383,15,19,19>I'll get straight to the point. Off the lunch menu we had:Gal Bi (Bento Style) - Barbecued Short Ribs Marinated in House Special Sauce, Jap Chae (Stir-fried noodles with vegetables) and Sul Rung Tang - (Beef Bone Soup).The short ribs were delicious! Perfectly tender and seasoned. I was surprised how generous the portions were which was right up my alley. As for the Jap Chae it could use a little bit more 'bam' in the flavor but it was alright. The Beef Bone Soup - the bomb! With beef and noodles, it also had nice tender pieces or tripe and tendons so yummy!The complimentary tea and a dozen Banchan dishes was worth the trip alone.You've gotta check this place out. Thanks to my fellow Yelpers for this awesome find!Good service, good food and good for the wallet...
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2010,1/3/2011,610,620,14,13,14>Hold your breath, make a wish, count to three...come with me and you'll be in a world of pure imagination.I watched the 70's version Willy Wonka film a lot growing up.  I was fascinated with the way it walked a fine line between terrifying and wonderful.  If you don't remember, the scrumpdiddlyumptious bar was introduced to Charlie by the Candy Man as Wonka's "new one".I love that they frequently rotate and introduce new flavors, just like Wonka would. You can always count on them to have the basics plus oodles of options to compose your own unique creation.  Use your imagination!When I first saw Scrumdilly, I was eating dinner across the street. I noticed that it was filled with quite a few teens.  My daughter is now one of them. She's on the "All 8" wall and loves stopping by to chat with friends. The owners are wonderful and I would like to take this opportunity to thank them for being so cool about the kids making this one of their "spots".I had the pineapple tart with fresh strawberries yesterday and it was delicious.Everybody give a cheer!
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2010,1/2/2011,606,219,18,21,19>I have to admit the first time I walked past this place I honestly thought it sold office supplies. And the second time. And third.. Finally one warm summer day I was crossing over Franklin on 17th and smelled this wonderful aroma. After a few minutes of both Madison and I sniffing door ways (actually after the first door way I sniffed and she looked at me like she might want to consider a new mommy!) I discovered that wonderful fragrance was indeed coming from The Lunch Box.I'm not a big fan of fast food on a regular basis but I do understand the need for places that serve it. The Lunch Box is a wonderful choice for those people who have limited time to "find and dine" on their lunch break. It is also great if you're looking for cheap and tasty, healthy and cheap, healthy and quick, or any combo of the above. They have all your usual deli selections, with soft, fresh bread, and heaping piles of meat cut fresh in house. They also have good warm selections like their BBQ Beef brisquit- which I recommend on Dutch Crunch!Two things I suggest.. One check out the menu on line before your first visit.There are a lot of considerations and the staff is excellent at moving each guest thru very quickly and you'll feel a bit foolish going "Uhmm..." while holding up the line! Second the clam chowder and split pea soups leave a bit to be desired (they taste healthier than most people would like), but everything else rocks. Plus it's got a really cute name..!
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2010,1/1/2011,628,530,12,12,12>BF: What do you want for lunch?Susan: Noodles!BF: No parking in China Town because it's Saturday lunch time, lets go to Pho King and get Bun Bo Hue.*Susan thinks to herself* F*ck*ng Bunny Boba Huh?Susan: Sure!Ok, so I'm a bit lost in a Vietnamese restaurant if I'm not ordering pho, vermicelli bowls, or premade spring rolls...but I'm getting better!  And being a pretty adventurous person, I was just as happy to let the BF order for me ^_^I'm glad I did! This hole in the wall is amazing!  The staff was super efficient and friendly.  Though I think people are nicer when you are hauling along an adorable 4 year-old.  The atmosphere is like entering a eatery in South East Asia.  Greasy floor and all.My food was delicious!  The broth was not too spicy but flavorful and devine! It is filled with fresh veggies, tender meats, and thick rice noodles.  I proceeded to scarf down as much as I could, a large was only $0.50 more than a small, but next time I'm gonna have to get a small!  Though I have to admit that it's hard for me to eat a cube of blood.  I've tried it but I have a phobia of blood, so eating it is just a bit scary for me....P.S. Get the homemade soymilk! It's super sweet, clean and so much better than Silk!
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,12/30/2010,700,420,21,21,21>As an extremist, I'm never in between.  You either love me or hate me, I either drink like a sailor or not touch alcohol for months, stay home on NYE or party like a rockstar on a Wednesday night, eat like a pig or eat very healthy. When I get into my healthy kick, I love to grace my presence at Cafe Gratitude and order my I Am Whole, a macrobiotic bowl with quiona, brown rice, kimchi, and more fiber-loaded goodness in a bowl. I also ordered the I am Aloha drink which is just pure coconut juice. I know this is TMI, but I definitely had a 'good movement' that evening, hahaha! As I would say, "Let's take the Browns to the Superbowl!" LOL!PS, Try their Tiramisu and their 'Nutty' cream! Yum!
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2010,12/29/2010,1948,4780,18,28,25>I recently stopped into Farley's East before the Yelp Elite event next door at the Era Art Bar and Lounge. I was about 45 minutes early and was too impatient for the crowd at Luka's and too too hungry to wait for whatever free nibbles and libations awaited me inside the party.I also found out that Farley's was one of the caterers to the Yelp event. Afterwards at the party, I personally walked up to the manager to thank him for the great tuna melt, beer, and service I enjoyed at Farley's East. He had also previously taken the time to ask me how my meal was, all while rushing around to get his food and staff in place next door. Not only did I think that he was a great guy, every one the other staff members I met in both places were on top of their hospitality game. I also complimented him on the handsome and comfortable two level space, the warm community vibe, the cool metal tables and magazine selection, the art, and the comfortable children's play area upstairs. Except for maybe the absence of Lincoln Logs, this Farley's has taken the original Potrero Hill one better.  At the same time, Farley's East is like "Star Trek: The Next Generation". In many ways it's superior than the original, but may never be as recognized.
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2010,12/27/2010,523,353,6,8,7>I'm a city gal fo-lyfe. However, I love getting in touch with my UCD aggie roots. You'll find me in Brentwood probably once a year for fruit picking season. This year, thanks to yelp, I was able to find my way to this pleasant ice cream mecca of Brentwood. Located in an unassuming strip mall conveniently next to best buy, John's ice cream can have my business once a year during my yearly trip to Brentwood for all I care. After laboring in the orchards picking fruit, you can take your sweaty butt on down to John's for some quality home made ice cream.It's terrible for me to assume that John's wouldn't house unique ice cream flavors that would rival the o-so-hipster ice cream parlor of choice, bi-rite, but i was pleasantly surprised to see how John's had ice cream flavors you don't commonly see at any ole ice cream parlor for that matter...Some honorable mentions:+Sweet corn - kinda tastes like creamed corn-ish+Ube - purple sweet potato+fried ice cream - kinda tastes like apple-Cinnamon-ish, but you have to taste it for yourself.OK HERE'S THE BOTTOM LINE:You can get quality homemade ice cream - 1 DOLLAR PER EVERY GENEROUS SCOOP, ALL DAY EVERYDAY. isn't that flipping amazing?wanna live large? well John sells waffle cones/bowls for an outrageously low $0.65 and dipped waffle cones for $1. This is the cherry on top.If you ever find yourself out in the sticks of Brentwood, do yourself a favor and hit up John's. I HIGHLY recommend this place!!!!they accept visa/mastercard and they sell $1 $5 $10 gift cards.... did you hear me? they sell $1 gift cards!!!! LOL!!!!
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,12/26/2010,291,487,7,10,9>This is my favorite Korean restaurant of all time...why did it take so long for me to write a review? How can a Korean place in the god-awful Park n' Shop strip mall in Concord be so superior to any I have tried in SF? Well, all I can say is after eating here on multiple occasions over the past couple of years, this place consistently deserves 5 stars. I love their dol sot bi bim bap. There's something wonderful about the rice getting all crispy & crunchy on the bottom. I also recently tried their bubbling tofu soup. That was incredible too. And don't get me started on their banchan! Your table will be filled with bottomless little bowls of amazing side dishes. Anything you run out of, they will supply more. I've found out recently that I can put away a whole lot of Korean food. They brought us more salad, roasted seaweed, broccoli, & kimchee. I couldn't stop! One of my favorite fixtures at Korea House is the Peacock Lady. Well, that's what we call her anyway. She has peacock makeup & hair. I love how she always comes to our table & tries to feed my husband stuff he doesn't like (tofu, fish cake, etc.). He just sits there stone-faced & mouth shut. She doesn't care, she loves putting together little combinations for the patrons. I love her for that. Then you always get the cheery "See you tomorrow!" sendoff as you walk out the door.  Love it.
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,12/25/2010,83,259,6,9,8>I must admit that I was very sad to see my beloved Chinese restaurant close and be replaced by a Japanese restaurant. As I watched the renovation taking place, I began to be impressed. The owners seemed to really class up this once a hole in the wall Chinese joint. I have eaten here 3 - 4 times now, and I've been satisfied every time. After Aki closed, Piedmont Avenue was once again a 3 Japanese place street. Now it's gotten a 4th one. It's not as cheap as Geta, but the ambiance is very nice. The decor is much nicer than Kotobuki, and the restaurant feels much more spacious than Drunken Fish. It's Korean owned with Korean Sushi Chef, so expect sweet sauce on a lot of the special rolls. They have some fusion items, which I try to stay away, so I can't comment on them. I've had nigiri and rolls. I'm a stickler for the quality of rice, and the sushi rice is done right. Not too mushy. A bit on the sweet side, which is natural for a Korean owned sushi place.The vocal greeting is a good thing. It's actually very traditionally Japanese. It's considered rude not to greet customers with a loud "welcome"!My parents used to own a Sushi restaurant. I remember my father always emphasized the importance of loud greeting "Irasshaimase" every time a customer walked in. His employees were expected to stop whatever they were doing to greet a walking customer. It's a sign of respect. For me, I like it, because it reminds me of my parents' little sushi place where I used to sit and do homework.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2010,12/24/2010,437,895,15,11,12>I once jumped out of a private airplane, without a parachute.  Honest to god, you can just tell how pissed the pilot is, yelling at you to get off the tarmac and get back into the plane.  iFly ironically is all about no parachutes, so as you can see, this place is exactly for me.  The throw on a helmet, a flight suit and be taken into this wind chamber AFTER you pass flight school.  The chamber is this deep pit with high velocity air blasting out of it so you get the effect of no flight.   Loads and loads of fun.It seems pretty costly to do on a repeated bases; so certainly try to get your company to make it one of those weekly group bonding events and have them fit the bill.   I guess the other option might be to become an employee there and get to do unlimited iFly after hours. I am not sure how long the place has been in business.  Outside at night is certainly impressive if you've never seen it before.  Going inside however, it definitely has visible shabby wear and tear look it.    Observation glass is badly scrubbed by tennis shoes and banging helmets.   Walls are a bit worn, catch net has wear, as so do the corridors, stairs, classroom and pay desk.  The staff  are very nice, probably hard to find a better group (hence my 5 stars) as they more than make this place great. You can tell lots and lots of people blasted through here.  Little kids?.... well.. they don't weigh much so they really soar very fast. Gotta watch them as nobody wants to see many of them sucked into that draft vortex.    Most all kids will leave with a smile, while others rather stay on the tarmac.
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2009,12/23/2010,93,325,7,11,8>The thin-crusted pizza from Rotten City is the furthest thing from rotten ... It is fabulous!  My coworkers and I debate about ordering one or two slices.  I only really need one, given the grease, but it is hard to choose from their reasonably priced  menu.  However, my favorite kind is now the Bianco Verde.  My coworkers give me a hard time when I roll up the pesto covered slice and eat it like a calzone but most of the time they are to busy devouring their slices to notice.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2010,12/22/2010,463,792,9,7,11>We'd been meaning to check this place out for a while. Today we were driving down Railroad and I saw Swirl. I was able to negotiate a wild ass U turn and we snugged the VW into the Blacksmith Square lot. Loved it. They have an ever evolving list of LIVERMORE wine and great tapas, small plates, appetizers and whatever else you want to call snacks best served with great wine. I thought the prices were reasonable and the service was friendly and knowledgeable. I ordered hummus and my wife ordered some unpronounceable similar thing. We got the White Flight of wines (white flight means something completely different to me based on a Sociology class I had at SJSU in the early 80s) and they were great. Highly recommended!
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2010,12/21/2010,42,261,6,12,7>So I was skeptical upon entering the den of the fallen O'Leary's. But what I found was serious good eats. Hands down, the best burger in Benicia in a while. Franken Burger is a small little hole in the wall place that served me some serious grub. We tried the standard 1/2 lbs Franken Burger. It was cooked to about medium, which I can appreciate. The toppings were fresh and flavorful. The sauce was almost spicy which was a surprise. I think next time I will try some hotdogs since I'm still searching for that Chicago Dog of my youth.... This place serves up fries, burgers, dogs with all sorts of goodies. This place is gonna be perfect summer food when the weather gets nice again.P.S. MY fiance didn't like the bun, she though it was too hard. I did appreciate it though, so maybe let customers know that the bun is a little different than normal.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2010,12/20/2010,599,436,13,14,13>4 star total review.It looks shabby as hell, but the food is what my buddy Sid would deem as "proper, son."They've got great picks. We got the Peking duck for $22 and a chinese broccoli/tofu w/oyster sauce dish for about $6. We also got some complimentary egg drop soup on the house.Very filling! The two of us couldn't finish our order, and we're big eaters! A little too salty for me, but boyfriend loves salt, so there ya go.The waitress was so sweet, she was teaching us how to eat Peking duck properly by serving it and all. Awww, I should've called her Ai-ee (Aunty in Mandarin).Very cute, very quaint, very CHEAP. I'll be back as usual my dears.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2010,12/19/2010,330,444,11,15,14>So loving Oakland right now!  People!  Do not forget about 'Old Oakland!'Uptown is getting so much love, but don't forget the area surrounding  Air, Lvende East, Pacific Coast Brewery, B, etc.  Right in the vicinity of these popular Old Oakland spots comes a new bar to serve us libations, entertain, and provide a lovely venue in which to gather.  I'd stopped in for Thursday Happy Hour, but the crowds were a bit much, so I came back last Saturday at about 9:00 PM.  It was still slow and a bit quiet, but it was nice because we got friendly, attentive service, chatted up the Lovely Lisa, and got a feel for the space without having to elbow up to the bar.  It was beginning to get busy at 10:00. I agree with Camile that this wine list is good.  Well selected and tasty sounding to the point I went for a glass of wine rather than Liquor, never a bad thing for little ol' me. I didn't try the food. Warm interior with privacy from the street- burgundy velvet curtains are drawn, but it doesn't feel goth-y, more cozy yet modern, because they have peppered the walls with a couple of large screen TV's and the furniture looks comfy, I can see this being a great spot to watch a game on Sunday (if I ever watched a game on Sunday!) I appreciate that at night, none of the TV's were on, I find that distracting! Much like newcomer Geisha, I can't say what the 'crowd' is like here yet, but I think like any bar in Oakland these days, it was diverse and full of friendly people just down to hang out and have a good time with friends.  **PS- they have a photo booth. So cute and fun to play around and capture your night.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2010,12/18/2010,311,112,9,9,11>My kid isn't all that hard to please: ice cream, cherries, a quarter for the batman car ride, grilled cheese sandwich, water, and ice cream soup (he likes to slurp up the melted ice cream.)Just like mom, he likes dessert, meal, dessert. He adds running around to that equation and here it's actually ok. He can wander around to play the various games or take a ride in one of their quarter machines and then come back to eat. I don't get too uppity at this place about such behavior.It's a family joint with tasty diner grub, ice cream flavors and chocolates! As a mom, I'm totally sold. I would have loved to come here as kid like I see so many there. Great way to spend some time with your kid or at least the kid at heart.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2009,12/18/2010,761,878,6,8,7>WOW, the food here is delicious. i'm no expert on Indian food, but this is the best that I've personally had so far. A family friend recommended this restaurant, so we tried it out last weekend.When we got to Pakwan, there was a long line, and the restaurant was packed. We also noticed that this was not a full service restaurant - instead, you order at the register, get a number, and find a table to sit at. Since it was so packed, we decided to get take out since we didn't want to go to war for a table. Even though we didn't dine in, I was able to observe the flow of the restaurant throughout the 40 minutes that we waited for our food. The restaurant has a very systematic and smart operation flow going on. After ordering your food, there's a self serve area with drink, hot milk tea, plates & utensils, freshly chopped onions, hot powder, lemon juice, etc. Another cool thing was that in the beverage fridge, they have a bunch of ready to go carafes of water. So each table can just grab a carafe of water and bring it to their tables, and it's enough for at least a couple of people.The format that the restaurant is set up actually cuts a lot of costs and makes it easier for the patrons to get what they want. They had one guy doing all the bussing and cleaning, two people at the register, a manager walking around, and a handful more of people in the kitchen.Unfortunately, we waited almost 40 minutes to get our food because after 10 minutes of our order placement, we decided to add a couple more orders of Naan. This is my only complaint of our first time here - since they make the orders in queue, it took awhile for them to make our Naan. Since Naan should be more easily prepared, they should have pro-actively made the Naan once we added it to our order, so that we could have waited a lot less.Anyhow, for dinner we ordered the following:- Chicken Biryani: biryani is my favorite dish - Pakwan's Biryani was good, but not great. the chicken had a lot of bone in it, and it could have been more flavorful. however, very large portion - and i liked that they had jalapeno peppers in it.- Tandoori Chicken Breast: very tender, tasty, and not overcooked or under cooked- Chicken Tikka Masala: very good; tender chicken, and especially liked the smoky flavor to it- Regular Naan, Beef Naan, Garlic Naan, Onion Naan: all of their Naans were absolutely delicious. I really enjoyed it with sliced onion wrapped into it, then dipping it into the white yogurt sauce. TIP: at the self serve area, get a bunch of their sliced onions, sprinkle the chili powder on top, and top off with lemon juice. when i saw the self serve area, i was clueless, but i watched other patrons and copied them - this combination is so good. lastly, their freshly sliced onions here are sweet - which goes very well with the spicyness of the powder and sourness of the lemon juice.overall, GREAT food. i'm giving 4 stars for the tiny kinks that we encountered. but, i'm definitely coming back the next time i'm craving Indian food.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2010,12/17/2010,1894,532,8,11,8>Another winner! The only thing that would have me running to Lee's instead of Cam Huong is the type of bread they use.. This place has the thick french bread for their sandwiches while Lee's uses the skinny baguettes.. I'm not too big a fan of bread and prefer the stuff inside over the stomach-space-wasting carbs :P I ordered the grilled pork banh mi with extra pickled veges and a snapple for $4.75.. Great deal! The sandwich was delicious but halfway through I decided to just eat the stuffing rather than the bread because it was filling me up quick.. The service was great and they even double checked our orders so that there wouldn't be any mistakes.. Overall a nice little hole in the wall sandwich shop!
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2010,12/16/2010,457,309,10,14,12>Ok, I was probably the worst customer ever when I came here.I walk in and no one else is in there at that time.  The cafe doesn't look exactly how I would've pictured it.. not much seating inside (some outside, but it was cold) and mainly just a kitchen in front of you to order at.  As soon as I walk up to the counter:1. my phone rings and I answer for a quick conversation (oops!),2. I ask what sandwich is more recommended the braised short rib one or the pulled pork one -- she recommends the pulled pork but before I order it, I realize it has a "grain mustard" and I don't like dijon type mustards so I go with the braised short rib (along with a strawberry lemonade, which was pretty good but more of lemonade with strawberries on top that drip in a bit as you drink).3. My food comes out and as I clear some of my stuff to make room for the sandwich, I knock over the entire tray!!  My sandwich spilled all over and I felt sooooooo bad (sorry sorry sorry!!).So firstly, note on the service: THANK YOU!  I felt so so bad when my sandwich spilled and they were really nice about it and cleaned it up and made me a new sandwich (sandwich with bite, pictured).Now, the food, the sandwich was on the smaller side -- made of two parts both with "crostini"-sized breads on top and bottom, with the braised beef, some apple slices, some greens, and goat cheese among other things.  Not a huge fan of too much goat cheese, but otherwise the food was good and a break from some of the other regular sandwich places.I think the concept of the place slightly reminds me of Gregoire's (gourmet food -- mainly to-go), so if you like Gregoire's, my hunch is that you'd like this place too.  Its prices aren't bad either, so it's not as much a dent in your pocket like Gregoire's.  I think I would come back to try their dinner sometime, but maybe after they've forgotten my clumsiness haha.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2010,12/14/2010,121,228,23,18,15>Why are you looking at yelp when you could be at beer revolution drinking amazing beer?Seriously.  Get off the computer and go drink beer at beer revolution immediately.  You will thank me, I promise.No, I meant it.  Go.  Now.WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?  GO!!
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2010,12/13/2010,1137,482,9,14,12>To date, I have to say this is my current favorite restaurant in the East Bay.  This is definitely not a statement to be taken lightly since I have unanimously been considered by my peers as being pretty critical of my dining experiences.First off, the space in the Hotel Shattuck is absolutely amazing.  Super stylish and airy...chic but not stuffy...just the way I like it.Drinks are very creative.  I had the Rye Whip which was a creamy flavorful blend of rye and whipped egg whites. We started with the Orzo Mac & Cheese and the Biscuits.  Both of these were absolutely a perfect 10 in terms of pre-entree appetizers.  In the words of my counterpart  (who is a complete mac & cheese connoisseur), the words to describe these dishes were "oh my God..oh my God..oh my God".Next up came the entrees.  The Flat Iron steak was one of the best steaks I have ever had.  The amalgamation of flavor from the meat and the sauce was so indescribably delicious.Last up was the sticky toffee pudding cake.  Though we were full already, this dessert was so freakin' good that we absolutely had no regrets making room for every last bite of it.To recap, this place is close to dining perfection for me.  From the ambiance to the food, this place gets it right in my book and provides you with a flat out awesome night out.
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2009,12/12/2010,423,725,12,12,13>We were looking for a nice place to walk in the hills off-leash with our little dog and for me to go on a nice Christmas run.  We got both.  Gorgeous views, lots of steep hills to run on, and even some Berkeley-style weirdness.  A few guys running with their shirts off in 50-degree weather, one very burly intense guy with no shirt on and a backpack who looked like he was going off into the woods to do something desperate, it all just added to the experience.I have to come back sometime soon for some hill running or just plain dog walking.  Great place.  We approached from the Panoramic Way side and found parking right near the top, but next time we would probably just have come up Centennial Way - it's easier to drive up and park.  But if you're a super hardcore hiker or runner, you could just come up Centennial from Berkeley.  It's steep, though.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,12/11/2010,133,439,8,13,12>UPDATE, because i love this place THAT much :) So, I know this is a bar, but really - who doesn't LOVE $12 Steak? Prices have gone up but still only ever so slightly. The food menu is small but there is something about this place that makes me smile, and makes my tummy VERY happy. So, without ado:THE ATMOSPHEREBottom Line: I love it! LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE! You wouldn't think you are in Oakland when you are here. The first time the favorite yelper and I came, we almost missed it, and then on top of that we *ALMOST* didn't come in because it looked so different than the bar we were expecting. DON'T JUDGE A BOOK BY ITS COVER.The interior is so homey and makes you feel comfortable immediately. It is not spotless clean and in some seats you wonder what happened there the night before. Still, it has a charm to it. Old business cards from when OAKLAND was in the 415 area code and people still had need for WAGON PARTS are stuck all along the walls at every table. Hell, I even found the business card of a friend stuck on there. The bar is actually a historic Oakland ALLEY that got built around so the interior still preserves the original Alley's storefront. It's got history, and its got charm. I love it. Not to mention, the entertainment. If you like old school piano bars, this is it. Ron Dibble is the master at the piano, and everyone is welcome to choose a song to sing along to while good 'ole Ron serenades you on the piano and occasionally sings along. This place is definitely a "boogie-bar where the piana's hot!" I wouldn't miss it for the world, even though there's only ONE small bathroom with two stalls, but still they are super clean. :) As for the comments about hipsters - I don't really care about that. Seems to me that hipster or not, all the patrons always are courteous to each other and always have fun, no matter what label you associate with, and that's what it should be about. Hipsters and non-hipsters can live in harmony at The Alley, it's just that special of a place. :P THE FOODChopped Sirloin - I really can't complain at all about this. It's not filet mignon or super grade beef, but honestly this is ALWAYS seasoned perfectly and my medium rare is probably one of the better medium rares I've ever gotten. Sometimes its slightly overcooked, but for the most part I can always count on it. NY Steak - Okay, if I thought the Chopped Sirloin was huge, the NY Steak must be pretty gargantuan. Its not the hugest slice of meat I've ever seen in my life, but its pretty sizable. Let me describe the fixin's that come with the sirloin and NY steak...THE FIXIN'S (comes with the steaks and the fried chicken)Salad, your choice of dressing - standard garden salad with your choice of dressing, nothing special here. Be warned about the vinaigrette - its VERY VERY vinegar-ey.Baked Potato - very standard, but they always give enough sour cream and butter, and you can also request fries...Fries - I REALLY like the fries here - they seem like they are made on the spot and hand-cut. Not much seasoning here, but its just something about the way they taste. I always get the fries unless I feel I need sour cream...badly. :PTHE DRINKSThe drinks are cheaper than most bars, but are also slightly smaller. However, for their size, the drinks are actually decently strong and the bar always is nice enough change or "fix" a drink if its not to your liking - at least always when I've requested. Jack and Cokes are $5 and cocktails are about $9. There's your price gauge :) And so,THE FINAL VERDICT......is that the Alley is PRETTY awesome. Here's the comparison:At a Denny's price point:Dennys: screaming kids, senile seniors that move slow, bad waiter/waitresses and overall BORINGness with not much charm, standard service, food, and not to mention increasingly steep prices...Alley: usually cheaper than Denny's, good service, and a place you can hang out with groups or singles at, cheap drinks, a great atmosphere and entertainment rolled into one, and good food for the price. I think I'll choose Alley ANY DAY. ALLEY, I love you, please never go away!
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2010,12/10/2010,66,253,14,10,15>My grandfather was a friend of Jack London and I'm pretty sure he must have sucked one down here during his wild days as a Yukon adventurer drinking his first and last one at this port of call before shipping out to Alaska. Given that he died more than 40 years before I was born, it's nice to know I can quaff a few with his ghost in this historical establishment. We had our first official drink as newlyweds here - I'm sure grandpappy was tipping one with us. Another reason I simply adore Oakland.
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2010,12/9/2010,304,73,26,23,24>To be (dive), or not to be (dive), that is the question - then again, have you ever seen a dog walk past you, and nonchalantly drop a deuce next to the pool table at your local bar?No?Well i did, and it was AWESOME.Dive bars are so trendy these days that i don't even like to use the term anymore. What happened to the good'ole days of bar fights, stabbings and toothless lot-lizards (truckers will get this) hanging out at the local watering hole?I don' t know, but in 2010, your typical "dive" is frequented by trust-fund hipsters and polo wearing college students; not necessarily the kind of people you would want to pick a fight with with, right?....yeah.Anyway, i must digress, because this bar, Merchants, is what i would call a "dive" in the truest sense of the word, without worrying about using a term that has pretty much become ironic since the hipster invasion.To get to this bar, you'll have to come to Oakland first - bam! - that alone eliminates thousands of people from the equation. Secondly, you'll have to drive, walk or bike through a gauntlet of neatly stacked produce pallets and forklifts buzzing back and forth from stack to stack, across the street and sometimes in circular patterns - all of which will have you wondering if they're just doing that to fuck with you :-)The bar is nestled on the corner of two streets that act as a staging grounds for tons of produce  - the front door is a simple heavy-duty screen door, and stepping though the doorway is akin to the first time Luke Skywalker stepped foot inside the famous Cantina on Tattoine.The bartender there was the coolest - she let me keep drinking my liquor even after i discovered that i had no cash on me, and only a temporary debit card that i couldn't use at the bar. I eventually got cash from a nearby ATM, and came back to continue drinking, and play a few games of pool in the back room that looks like a garage studio used by the filthiest, grimiest and most hard-core musicians in the universe. There's a large mural on one wall in the pool room,  graffiti writing over nearly every square inch of the walls, and old-school machines in one corner.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2010,12/8/2010,68,78,15,12,12>So many vibrators to choose from! I was a bit overwhelmed ~ I really didn't know where to start! I would've liked to sample them all on the spot but there were too many people there that Friday night! Purple, iPod compatible, glittery, variable vibrations/speeds, Hello Kitty, dolphins, koalas, from $10 to $80, etc. After like an hour of testing all the interesting looking vibrators (with my hands) I finally settled on "The G". (Guess why?) I also got another one as a gift for one of my girlfriends who said she has never used one before. I ended up keeping both. Happy much!The store is totally neat and clean. Lots of space. Since I was on such an urgent and serious mission to find a new vibrator for myself, I didn't spend much time exploring the other stuff. But. They have anime porno mangas, some good how-to and play books, a million different types of condoms, glass dildos (super fancy and placed in a display case), massage oils and candles, and things that I don't even know whatchamacallit! I liked that they played "My humps." Good soundtrack for vibrator shopping. The staff here is really nice too ~ they're young and look like normal people you see at the cafe. They don't make the place awkward like another adult store I've been to. There's soooo much to explore! I shall be back here soon.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,12/7/2010,202,470,9,15,11>Wow!!!!!!!Seriously...this has been bookmarked on my list forever.Reason why I haven't been in this place is because I was so intimidated by it.I'm not a drinker. Shucks...the only thing I drink is lemondrops.  No way in hell was I ready for a Champagne or wine for that matter.Boy oh boy was I wrong!!!My friend was meeting some high school pals there and decided to invite me.I jumped up and got ready like no tomorrow once I heard the venue was Mimosa'sI was sold on the ambiance alone!!!  They had nice chocolate leather seats lined against the walls.  Nice bar area with tons of seatings.  Long rectangle tables where every can sit with their group or mingle with each other.The crowd was just what I've been yearning for.  Older and respectable. I didn't have to worry about getting felt up on as I walked past the men.  Men actually acknowledged you in a respectable manor.  Wow!!!So being that I didn't drink my friend recommended me something in the fruity aspect.  So I had a glass of Marcarini Moscato.  OMG...did I guzzle it.  She had to tell me to slow down.  I definitely have to brush up on my wine etiquette.  I was so fruity and juicy that I forgot I was drinking wine.  Got a little buzz from it too.I also ordered a Shrimp Cocktail appetizer that was excellent.My waiter Aaron was great.  Super nice and super friendly.One con I had about the place is they charge you 18% gratuity.  WTH!!!!!!!  My wine was $11, my app was $9, tax was about $2 and gratuity was $7.54.  YIKES!!!Total damage: $26.00
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2010,12/6/2010,744,496,13,12,18>Charming Cole Coffee Your organic beans welcome meGuatemala Timor Peru Columbia and Kenya tooI order and your song beginsDrip drip dripKind people, gentle humorDrip drip dripA few seats inside, a few seats outsideDrip drip dripAnticipation grows, as the pace it slowsDrip                 drip                                        dripCoffee's ready!Gulp gulp gulp
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2010,12/5/2010,399,264,9,11,11>I'm not gonna lie... I don't know crap about wine.  I swirl it around my glass (because I see other people do it), I close my eyes, and drink it until I get buzzed.  That all changed when I went to celebrate my BFF, Carren E's 26th birthday at Red Feather.Connie and Dan are sooooooo hospitable!  First of all, they let my girls and me stay until 7, two hours after they close!  During our stay, we poured our own wine (Razzmatazz=yummmm!), ate all their snacks (homemade cheese stuffed bell peppers, Lil Smokies, wine soaked fruit) (CONNIE MAKES ALL THEIR SNACKS BTW!), played with Hockey (their beautiful parrot), toured their tasting room, learned about wine and all of the events that go on at Red Feather, shared personal stories, andddddd Connie even said she'd introduce us to some men.  Whoever said Dan isn't personable is crazy!  Dan sat with us at the table with a glass of wine, of course, and chatted for a bit until he had to feed the animals.I can't wait to come back to help prune!
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2010,12/4/2010,1261,122,16,15,13>Like every die hard 49ers fan, every time the Niners loose I just mope around the house until I forget what happened. So after being so dejected from the 49ers lost this past Sunday, I had to get out of the house, so my wife took me to Hula Hut Island in Benicia. As we got to the restaurant flashes of the game was still hunting me. My inner self kept saying "that darn fumble, we had the game won!" As we sat down and looked at the menu I began to calm down. My wife then ordered the Hukilau Seafood Feast, the Chicken Katsu, and the Island Barbecue Short Ribs. As soon as the food came I was relax, like I was in a Hawaiian luau, surrounded by all the tropical décor. The Hukilau Seafood Feast consists of grilled salmon, BBQ pork on a stick, and coconut shrimp. OH SO GOOD!! The salmon was perfectly grilled, a little bit burnt around the edges which is exactly the way I like them. The BBQ pork was OUTSTANDING (I love everything BBQ on a stick), and the shrimps were delicious (I wish it was an all you can eat shrimp). The Island BBQ Short Ribs were fantastic, but the Chicken Katsu was a little too crispy and bland. Then just as we were deciding whether we were going to order dessert or not our server brings us each a piece of cake on the house. Red Velvet and Ube cake and they were as good as it gets. Then my inner self started saying "when the Niners loose we're definitely coming here." I guess we're going to be eating in Hula Hut a lot this season.
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2010,12/3/2010,285,153,9,15,10>I'm still the kinda guy that spares no expense to look good. GREAT clips? You betcha. Actually, my hair grows really, really fast. I need to get my hair cut every two weeks and it would be too expensive to go to a fancy schmancy salon, so I go here. I think I've been getting my hair cut at Great Clips for about 4 or 5 years now. As soon as I walk in, everybody says hello to me. Everybody that works here has cut my hair and they all know my name and how I want my hair cut - SHORT. I love a personal touch with any kind of business and that's why I've bumped them up a couple of stars since I reviewed them two years ago.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2009,12/2/2010,376,326,27,16,13>We popped in here real quicklike after a bite at Mixing Bowl.Since i moved out from NY, i have been on the look out for Clubman brand Bay Rum aftershave, just like in the Italian barber shops i grew up frequenting.Naturally, they had it, in addition to some awesome color commentary from a large moustachioed man sitting on a bar stool in the joint."How ya do your head?""Clippers....no guard. Why?""What brand?""Sunbeam i think? I dont know....""Aww hell, we gotta upgrade you to an M3 or the Tritan A5U200XSi."".....k....""Get you alot closer than that.....trust me."Turned and noticed the guy had long hair under a hat.Yup....Even the guys that grow their ratty, grey Captain Von Mulletor know their shit here.I highly recommend this place if youre a barber, a home-groomer, or a 15 year old into cutting while she watches Twilight.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,12/1/2010,216,128,14,16,16>What is not to love at Commis?  We have been here twice and both were b-day celebrations at the chef's table.  Everything was impeccable from making reservation to service and food.  Price is affordable for the prix fixe and the wine pairing.  I have to say it definitely deserves the Michelin Star that they receive shortly after opening and I know their second star is not far from now!  It's super enjoyable to watch them work in the kitchen quietly but still communicate well together!  We visited Manersa in November and I have to say Commis is definitely a much better experience for us.  Is it because Executive Chef Syhabout has left them?A shout-out to Sarah!!!  She's most awesome!!!  She's very knowledgeable on all things!  She's an awesome reservationist!  She's an awesome maitre d!  She's an awesome waitress!  She's an awesome sommelier!  What can't she do and what can't she do perfectly?!If you have yet to visit Commis, what are you waiting for?  For those who rated mediocre restaurants 5 star but less for Commis, I suggest you to re-think about your dining experiences!  Apparently, something has gone wrong!!  If you complain about the limited selections, you should've gone to TGIF instead.  You don't deserve this place.  It is about quality and execution but not for the masses!
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2010,11/30/2010,53,38,29,23,22>Masarap!  Ok, so I looked that up on Google.  Although my Tagalog is fake, this restaurant is legit!  The food is simply amazing.  The flavors and textures will have vegans, vegetarians, and carnivores wishing they had ordered seconds so they could eat it for breakfast the next day.  My party included myself and my wife (we recently adopted a primarily vegetarian diet with some seafood here and there - pescatarian if you need to break out your Brother label-maker), my brother (devout meat eater and self-proclaimed King of Bacon), and my bro's girlfriend (long time vegetarian).  Where else could herbivores and carnivores break soy together and have such a grand time doing it?  Honestly, the textures and flavors were so good that I'm not entirely sure my brother knew he wasn't eating meat.Now the service:  I didn't know my family worked here.  Sincere, friendly, and on point.  When the meal was done the chef and brother of the owner came out to make sure we enjoyed the experience and introduce himself.  I shook his hand and my wife hugged him (I wanted to hug too, but I thought it might be too much for our first date).  Needless to say, I will be back again and again.
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2010,11/29/2010,1328,395,16,18,14>I LOVE THEIR 20 PIECES OF KIMBAP FOR $4!!!!! Better hurry your butt down here by around the afternoon before it runs out!!! I remember I came here 3 DAYS in a row and ran out. Hmph, so I went very early at 9:30A.M. while they're in the process in making kimbap FRESH! The only place I know that sells Banana Milk - very creamy and heavenly sweet! Very nice small Korean market hidden in the corner behind Petco/Miso at the Hub. Serves a lot of cooked food, fermented kimchi, rental Korean dramas, desserts. It's plain cheap here. But I have to say this again, I love their kimbap. $4 for 20 pieces!!!
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2010,11/28/2010,83,76,11,11,11>I promised I would return for the food, and who are we in this world without our word?I showed up around 6pm after the kitchen was fired up.  It was steak night, but I was feeling like nachos, although I didn't look like nachos.  I wouldn't order the nachos again, not because they weren't tasty, but it was just shredded cheese on top of chips with some fresh salsa on the side.  I could have done that myself, but remember - it was still good, and I did eat it all.  By the way, the salsa had cilantro.  Did I mention that there was cilantro?I know I mentioned that it was steak night, and that means you buy the steak and cook it yourself outside.  My boyfriend was cooking while I devoured the nachos and cilantro, and not too long after I finished, he appeared with his trophy.  I should have skipped the nachos and asked for cilantro with my steak.  It was to die for!  It also came with salad and a baked potato which he loaded up with onions, sour cream, and something else - possibly bacon, but whatever it was, it was de-lish!While we ate his steak outside, the jazz band started up, and yet again the music was too loud inside, so I was relieved we were outside.  I'm not fond of the loud music no matter the genre, but that won't keep me away.  The staff was very nice, the food was good, the beer was flowing, and I had a parking spot right in front.  Couldn't ask for more!
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2009,11/27/2010,198,50,30,21,15>Unlike Katherine Heigl in "27 Dresses," my collection of dresses -- albeit not bridesmaids dresses, are my most prized possessions.  I've even been known to throw a couple of favorites into a carry-on before a flight, for fear of baggage theft or losses.  Dress theft?  It's happened.  Burning building?  I'm taking my dresses with me.  You won't find me carelessly shoving my dresses into a closet.  Instead, they're each carefully pressed, placed on individual hangers, and organized by color -- before being cross referenced and categorized by season and sleeve length.  Obsessive?  Just wait until you see my underwear drawer. Unfortunately I can't say the same thing about my eating habits.  Especially at 3 AM and when tempted by a hot dog from Top Dog -- I'll take mustard and sauerkraut please.  That freshly toasted bun, warm salty meat, spicy and sour blend of toppings, that crisp snap of the first bite that blends salty, spicy, and sour together.  Delish.  Delicious, until you realize you have hot grease dripping down your chin, and onto your brand new silk dress.  Your purple silk summer dress that with its unique longer angled straps can also be categorized as winter chic, making it doubly important.Panic. Fleeting thoughts of trepidation.  Full blown hysteria. Is it too late to exchange it for a new one?  Claim the stain was already there?  Didn't Mom mention something about using Sweet'N Low on grease stains?  Does that even work?  Does anyone have any Sweet'N Low???"Mom!" I cried into my phone, "hot dog exploded all over my dress!"  The silence on the other end of the phone was almost palpable.  Any number of things were going through her mind -- and rightfully so.  Luckily she went with the latter thought.  "The food?" she calmly asked. Gross.  Of course the food.  Jesus, Mom, I don't know what kind of partying you did in your time, but... "Yes, the food."Enter Norge cleaners in Albany.  Maybe it was because of all the positive reviews I read on Yelp, or because I was at the time swooning over a Norwegian, but I decided to place all of my trust in Norge's fateful hands.  Calming me down, the kind people at Norge had me carefully mark out all of the spots that needed attending to, and with that my dress was whisked away. "Hot dog grease?" they asked, "no problem."Thank you Norge cleaners.  My dress will live to see another day -- but hopefully not another hot dog.
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2010,11/26/2010,88,86,13,14,15>My granny was from the south, and she taught me some valuable things about life, food and art. One: getting blue from time to time is a natural fact. When you're feeling down, sing it out. Two: Whenever you're feeling a mess, you should cook up a mess of food and share it with a mess of people. Three: sex is good, but not as good as Red Velvet Cake!I think I love Old South Barbeque because it is exactly the kinda place my old granny woulda loved if she were alive and well today. I came on a Friday night with my best friend and my lover. I was feeling grouchy after a hard week at work and a few personal let downs. "I know exactly the thing to cheer you up," my best gal said. As we arrived in the parking lot, I could hear the sweet, melodic crying of the blues band and felt it was a good first impression. Audiences love their blues singers to be miserable, and misery loves company, so I was instantly at home. flickr.com/photos/jrober…Once inside, the electricity was infectious. The band was really feeling it, people were moving their heads to the music, and the barbeque sauce was staining well pressed shirts left and right. Two can live as cheap as one... if they eat like one. Ha! My boyfriend and I shared a plate of ribs. Like all good cooks, the sauce was a secret, so we didn't bother asking. He said the pork melted in his mouth and he went back for more. I had the collared greens, baked beans and corn bread. I have to say they were all cooked perfectly, and the cornbread wasn't the yankee version, either. It wasn't sweetened and it had the perfect level of grit to its texture. flickr.com/photos/jrober…Right about the time I finished my meal I noticed the cakes coming out of the oven in the open kitchen. The band kicked the music into high gear, and one old couple got up and showed us how it was done. The crowd was clapping and singing along, and my spirits beginning to lift, I shouted across the counter that I wanted a slice of chocolate cake, a slice of red velvet, and some banana pudding. (Don't look at me like that! It was for the whole table, ya'll!) flickr.com/photos/jrober…flickr.com/photos/jrober…The chocolate cake was still warm and barely frosted. It was heaven. The banana pudding was creamy and sweet and had generous chunks of bananas and vanilla wafers. The red velvet cake was my favorite. The cream cheese frosting was amazing and the felt textured, semi sweet cake played jazz on my tongue. Let's face it; it is just impossible to think bad thoughts while eating home made dessert.Old South Barbeque gets it! They know that soul food isn't just about the sauce; it is a ticket to our past, our family values and our traditions. It is more about heritage than greens. I left that night in love with my friends, in love with my bluesy sugar buzz, and in love with my memories. Thank you, Old South!
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,11/25/2010,126,1452,22,26,30>Many years ago I worked for a construction company. I would bring store bought Caspers Hot Dogs for lunch. I would put them in a Tupperware and eat them plain, no bun, no toppings, nothing. Ironically our shop was located right next door to the Caspers factory in San Leandro. Nothing beats the smell of cooking dogs in the morning. The VP one day came into my office and asked me,"Whatcha Eat'n?" Me,"Hot Dogs. I have two, you want one." VP,"No, my wife wont let me eat those. To many nitrates they're not good for you." Me,"Oh well. I dont care." Roughly two years after that he died of skin cancer. Skin cancer that was caused by his years of being a journeyman painter and not wearing sunscreen while painting outside. Its because of this day that I will never, ever, never forget him and I will never, ever, never turn down eating a hot dog. Especially a Caspers Hot Dog. No matter what form it comes in. My pregnancy books tell me eating hot dogs aren't good either. So what? Hot dogs have been around since the early 1900's. If hot dogs were so horrible for pregnant women there would be much less people in the U.S. I came here for lunch to treat my unborn baby and to relive a fond memory of someone I miss. I ordered a regular dog with Onions, Relish, and Mustard. I like my dogs a little sour. The women behind the counter were great and kind of like some aunts I haven't seen in 10 years. Very nice and helpful. I sat inside and ate my dog alone at a table. My only regret is that I didn't order two. I could have ate one for my long lost homey. And because the first one was so good I could have splurged on two. So the next time you think eating a hot dog is bad for you. Just eat one because I guarantee a hot dog isn't going to kill you. Miss you Mark W!
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2010,11/24/2010,331,587,28,24,17>Twinkle, twinkle little star,Oh, heavens, is that a cop car?Up upon the rock in the night sky,Don't climb after ten, let me tell you why.The Berkeley police patrol this area like hawks, assuming that they'll bust some teenagers with forties and pot. Which they will. I didn't know about the hours and climbed up around midnight once upon a time when I stayed up that late. I was feeling creative and wanted to do some long-exposure night photography. With three bridges and an unfettered view of the city, day or night Indian Rock is gorgeous. Unless you want some pictures of blue and red sirens, leave at closing time. I was peering intently into my camera (btw, setting up tripod on a craggy rock is hard!) when I heard the sirens whooping and a few flashlights illuminating my silhouette."I'm just victim of circumstance", I yelped. My ignorance of the hours got me off with warning, though I think they tailed me for sometime to see if I was drunk. Now that the sky is dark earlier, be a straightshooter and go when you're allowed to. Unless you're feeling lascivious and naughty, then by all means go in the middle of the night.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2009,11/23/2010,80,175,22,18,17>I do love me some Textured Vegetable Protein.  Long Life Vegi House makes vegetarian Chinese food that's as greasy as the real thing--none of the ethical quandries, but with the unwholesome oils and sodium completely intact.This used to be very important to me, because... I used to be a straight up vegetarian.  A "lacto-ovo" vegetarian, for those keeping track (no meat, no fish, but dairy and eggs were OK).Back then, my vegetarianism was motivated by guilt--I just couldn't countenance the slaughter of animals for my meals (as is surely evinced by my meat-filled reviews, I've since revisited that particular moral quandry), but I still loved the taste of meat.The problem with vegetarianism *in* *general* is that the movement to not eat meat is frequently mistaken for the movement to eat healthily.  When I quit eating meat, I found that vegetarian restaurants eschewed salts and fats--there was this whole thing about "whole grains" and "natural flavors" and all this other fucking bullshit, and what I wanted was something that tasted like sweet & sour pork that didn't have pork in it.So, my early years of vegetarianism were pretty much a misery, a soul-destroying jaunt from one macrobiotic cess pool to another.Until one day, I found Long Life.Long Life Vegi House is a Chinese restaurant.  No, I mean, like thick clouds of steam boiling out of the kitchen, pools of grease on the food, plastic chopsticks, and God bless their little hearts, Sriracha and pots of chili oil on the table (with fermented black beans, thank you very much).Unlike some other vegetarian asian joints (which use gluten for fake meat, which is kind of like using a bath tub sponge), Long Life uses TVP.  TVP accomplishes the admirable goal of *feeling* like meat in your mouth.  It's got the right *texture,* you see?Kung Pao Chicken.  General Tso Chicken.  Mu shu pork.  Long Life serves up an American-style Chinese menu, but without meat.Wait, they have fish.  Hey, vegetarians--if the menu says something about fish, that's *actual* fish, not TVP fish!  I told you!  Don't say I didn't warn you!I still love Long Life to this day, even tho I'll eat pretty much anything--pregnant condor, baby seal... whatever--because Long Life did me right.  And their chili oil is the best in the Bay Area.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2010,11/22/2010,184,198,20,17,17>I was meeting up for lunch with an elderly friend who is a fairly fussy eater - but was treating - and decided on Gather.  A little over my budget for general purposes, Gather turned out to have a somewhat limited lunch menu, but everything looked very tasty.  A few salads, a few sandwiches, and a few pizzas + one soup.  All house made organic beverages.  Unfortunately, for the purposes of a review, my friend ordered the same thing I did, the half-sandwich/soup combo.  The soup was a saffron chickpea concoction with olive oil drizzled on top.  Although the texture of chickpeas isn't always my favorite, the flavor of the soup was really very good.  I might have wished for a slightly more robust olive oil, but it lent a nice smoothness if not much flavor.  The pulled pork sandwich on the other hand, was a little piece of heaven.  The pork was everything a slow-cooked pork should be, whether Mexican Carnitas, or Chinese pork shoulder.  It was as juicy as a gossip column, as tender as a mother's love, as sweet as baby kisses, and succulent in that way that only pork can be.  Not spicy or bbq-y, which may disappoint some, Just pure, unadulterated damn good pig meat.  (Apologies to my vegetarian friends, and to the piggies themselves.  I do know that the pig is an intelligent and noble animal - why does he also have to taste so darn good.)Service was just a little sketchy, but it was late lunch, so they were probably in recovery mode.  One orders at the counter and stuff is brought, but there should be utensils and napkins where they need to be, and if I've asked about one, you should probably be checking everything at that point. tsktsk.  Still I'd go back - you payin?
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2010,11/21/2010,1205,283,24,28,27>Your my boo when you carry things that make my lady create magic in the kitchen that make me wanna lock her up forever and never give her up.  I got your back Berkeley Bowl cause you truly are on top of your game.  Thank you for taking the time to label all the produce and letting us know what country it was born in.  Them Mexico XXL Mangoes are the bizz in my salsas, drinks, and just freshly cut.  Tomato selection has any tomato you need for your recipe.  I could write all day how me and the lady wish we could open a bottle of wine and kill at least an hour or 2 picking everything out we love in the produce section including them amazing Cabernet,  and Zinfandel grapes!BB carries many hard to find items like Textured Vegetable Protein, GT's Kombucha tea, good sparkling wine for $5 that doesn't give ya a headache, olive bar that never ends, drink muddler for only $3.99 (BevMo $9), fair trade bananas, incense, sage, massage oil, and plenty of cheese.  Basically good stuff at good prices!
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,11/20/2010,1020,575,21,29,24>I first heard of Oodles of Noodles from one of my nursing friends who set her FB status to: "Just came back from Oodles of Noodles....so good! You have to try it!" Intrigued, I asked her where it was. Finding it was missing from the Yelp directory got me even more intrigued. This place is unique on its own...a fresh and healthy spin to Mongolian grill that prides themselves on only using the freshest ingredients and never uses frozen meats. Here's how it works:1. Pay for your bowl. Here, pick your protein (tri-tip, beef, chicken, prawns) and carb (white rice, brown rice, egg noodles). Base starts at $5.99 with the different proteins ranging from $1.29-$1.99 extra. You can also choose a lettuce or tortilla wrap style.2. Load up your bowl with veggies galore! The bowl might look small, but they encourage you to load up all your want. There's broccoli, carrots, bok choy, baby corn, bell peppers, tofu, jalapeno, bean sprouts...everything under the sun.3. Drop off your bowl and choose your sauce of choice, either House Spicy Teriyaki, Regular Teriyaki, or Sweet and Sour Ginger. 4. Watch as your food gets stir-fried on a huge circular iron grill in front of you.Overall, our plates turned out delicious and flavorful. The portions were very generous for the price. Jon, the owner, goes the extra mile to make sure every plate is made to perfection. I'll definitely be finding myself back here again. With the different options, the fresh possibilities are endless.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2010,11/19/2010,301,336,17,21,18>Lunchtime in India is the great equalizer...Across the country you'll find people from all walks of life- businessmen, store owners, street cleaners, children, housewives and more lining up at the ubiquitous food carts lining the streets to get a quick nosh.  You see, chaat is Indian fast food, but unlike America's version of nutritionally suspect sustenance, chaat purveyors pride themselves on the freshest ingredients; like spices directly from the spice trader, veggies and meats that came from the market that day and the freshest hand made breads.'Chaat' literally means 'to lick' or 'to devour with relish, or eat noisily' and that's exactly what you do.  You order, the chaatwala cooks for you, you get your food (often served on a banana leaf) and you inhale it using your hands, fingers, mouth and any other body part necessary to get the food into your gullet the quickest.Everything I've had at Vik's is a winner- you really can't go wrong with beautifully crispy Pani Puri that you stuff with potato and chickpeas and douse with tamarind chutney and mint sauce- DIVINE, or steaming hot Cholle Bhature- the big, puffy fried bread that you tear off and dip into spicy chickpea curry- TASTY or my personal favorite, the Masala Dosa- a fermented rice flour crepe stuffed with spiced potato that you dip into spicy sambhar and cooling coconut chutney- GRUBBIN'!  Top it all off with a hot chai and some bengali sweets and you're stuffed.  The good kind of stuffed.Vik's makes me want to go back to India...it's that good.CHALO![The Curry Hunter™ Seal of Approval]
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2010,11/18/2010,261,512,10,15,14>Now this is what small batch ice cream should taste like! More than that, this is the sort of atmosphere a small batch ice cream parlor should have. It might not be as pristine and pretty as Ici, but it doesn't have the line. That's the magical part of Tara's... it doesn't have the line...I tried multiple ice cream flavors while I was there. With no line and so many inventive recipes at my disposal, why would I not try all the flavors imaginable?The servers were very friendly and helpful, obliging my various samples. I tried the rooibos tea flavor, the orange cardamon and the adzuki black sesame. The rooibos was obviously a red tea, but not overpowering. The creaminess of the ice cream made it seem like a solidified cup of tea. It was just about perfect. The orange cardamon was spicy but not overly strong, but my personal standout was the adzuki sesame. They had whole adzuki beans in the iced cream, so you had the texture and not pulverized anko in the ice cream. Also, the sesame flavor was not overpowering, but just added a perfect nuttiness to the flavor profile.The prices were reasonable for a small cup of ice cream (which is one or two flavors). The service is fast, the ice cream is particularly good quality and the flavors available are inventive and absolutely spot on. And, it's only 4 blocks off the beaten path that Ici inhabits. From now on I'm always making the extra effort to go to Tara's instead
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2010,11/17/2010,108,1734,24,32,33>Totally smitten!  This has been on our list for some time.  Alan was supervising a student in Berkeley this morning, so we agreed he would take BART and I would pick him up a little after 11:30.  I was a little early, found a parking space and w/in a few minutes I saw Alan walking up.  I had directions via the freeway but it made more sense to take surface streets and so we took the scenic tour and managed to find the restaurant *and* a good parking space.Alan put our name on the list and we sat and waited.  I realize I have a lot of patience for waiting if the people watching is good, and it was, particularly one couple who couldn't keep their hands or eyes off each other and generated a lot of heat.  Sitting right outside the kitchen also allowed me to observe the staff interacting and I liked how smoothly they worked together.  There was no tension and people seemed to genuinely like each other.  The space is attractive and bright, w/ wooden plank ceilings painted white and interesting art on the walls.  Windows let in lots of natural light.  There are two bathrooms, each w/ one toilet.  There is a long counter w/ stools facing the kitchen.  It looks as if it's been there forever.  Nice look.  After about a half hour's wait we were seated at a two top by a window.By the time we were seated we knew what we wanted:  chicken and waffles.  We also ordered sides of the spicy slaw and the cheesy grits.  Our waitress was on the ball.  I asked whether the iced tea was sweetened or unsweetened and she said it was sweetened, but not much.  She said if I didn't like it she would bring me something else.  She was right.  It was barely sweet.  Our food came out astonishingly fast.  The waffle was wonderful, crisp and delicious.  I put syrup on half and found it too sweet, even though I used very little.  The second half I ate plain and it was better.  The chicken was hot and the breading was flavorful w/o being too peppery.  I requested a thigh be one of the pieces and that's what I got, a thigh and a leg.  I like that it was 2 pieces rather than 4 as you get in some restaurants.  I loved the grits.  Alan didn't because they reminded him of polenta.  Well, yeah!  The slaw wasn't spicy, but it wasn't interesting either.  It goes w/o saying that we'll be back.
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2010,11/16/2010,147,72,15,14,16>What do Pimps, Fire fighters, EMT's, Hookers, yuppies and foodies have in common?   - Taqueria Sinaloa that is. This place is a huge melting pot bigger than San Francisco and it is only about 5k sqf. I've been going to Sinaloa since we first moved to Oakland 6 years ago and by far this is the BEST Taco truck in the Bay Area.  I love getting that taco craving at 12am and knowing that I can get a few tacos or a burrito and it will be good each and every time.  If you are adventurous try some lengua, some cabeza  or some tripitas all fantastic but if you aren't then go for the fish tacos, the asada, carnitas or al pastor. I cannot say anything about the chicken simply because I've never had any at this place.
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2009,11/15/2010,20,44,14,10,12>Never in my life have I been able to identify my own elusive "favorite food..".. that is, until I met Seniorita Bread. I always felt that declaring just one delectable item as my favorite consumable was like picking a favorite song - in a world that offers hundreds upon millions of varieties, how could I possibly choose?  well, worthy food runner-ups, you've met your match.  and it's seniorita bread.  its warm & gooey, sugary, salty-sweet, chewy magic has turned me into a favorite-food believer.  I just wish I didn't have to go to Vallejo to get it.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2010,11/14/2010,424,1322,15,22,22>Wow-what a different a couple of years and spring time makes! Husband and I walked to the market this morning and were pleasantly surprised by some of the new vendors who have decided that this FM is worth the time!We bought farm fresh eggs today, some delicious dried fruits and nuts and home made corn tortilla chips that will be a great accompaniment to fresh guac and bean dip for a party tonight. We were also sucked in by the mushroom vendor (no magic kind) and plan on returning next Saturday when we will be making a mushroom risotto. Glad to know they have "upped" the draw at this market and though it is  a good idea to walk around before purchasing anything (just to see who has better stuff/price), it was a good re-discovery!
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2010,11/13/2010,1429,411,25,26,27>Oh you haven't been to Merritt Restaurant & Bakery yet? Are you sure you're from the East Bay? This place is an Oakland staple- and outstanding in so many ways! Five glowing stars for so many reasons... To start- best Chicken and Waffles dish around, hands down! The chicken is so crispy, so delicious- it really can't be beat. The waffle is a little on the thick side, but very moist and flavorful. Drizzle *ahem* I mean DRENCH that bad boy in syrup and I'm in heaven. Believe me, as a Yelper I've tried so many fried chicken dishes, from Brown Sugar Kitchen to Ad Hoc... but I love Merritt's the best. Picture: yelp.com/biz_photos/sbtf…Also- this place as a wicked bakery. Birthday cakes, wedding cakes, hamburger cakes- Wait, what?! Hamburger cakes? Heck yes- I've already told my Girlfriend to get me one for my birthday this year! I especially like the strawberry shortcake from Merritt- very delicious. Picture: yelp.com/biz_photos/sbtf…I recommend coming in for breakfast(since I'm a big fan of the pancakes) but when you do come in, prepare to be treated like you're at home. This isn't just a place for 'regulars', this is a place for family. The love and generosity just ooze out of Merritt's- this place is so homegrown, so 'Mom & Pop', and so VERY Oakland. I highly suggest you check this place out- 5 stars.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2010,11/12/2010,587,806,13,15,16>OMG....Amazing!!!!I literally have been waiting for over a year to try this place out. So after months and months of drooling over one great review after the other, I finally get to taste what all the rave is about.I don't eat pizza often, but when I do, it better be damn good! This baby was all that and more!!I ordered a large deep dish of the Baked Chicken which comes with of course Baked Chicken, mozzarella cheese, fresh basil, garlic and an incredible tomatoes sauce.I picked one up to go, which I ordered a half hour in advance.Located in a little shopping center off of Crow Canyon, the place is cute inside( very new looking) I'm not too crazy about the bright typical cheesy, color scheme throughout though, I really enjoyed all the cool pictures from artists and even what seemed to be some children's work of art displays that read Zachary's- It was quite amusing.As for the pizza??? FANFLIPPEN, OUT OF THIS WORLD FANTASTIC!!Even the presentation of the pizza screamed goodness! Seriously the best Pizza I have ever tried! My family also agreed on its Fabulousness!! From the tomato sauce, to the gooey, melt in your mouth cheese, everything just exploded with an abundance of fresh, quality flavor!! I'm not into tomato sauce however, this tomato sauce just rocked with flavor and along with the fresh basil and garlic I was in a pizza lovers heaven! The crust was just a tad too hard in certain parts, but certainly not a star knocker. Thank god I had 2 other people there to devour it with me.This place is worth the extra dough and certainly worth the drive! Until next time...Until next time.
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2010,11/11/2010,296,490,6,12,12>As the token sushi-disliking person in my circle of friends (every group has at least one), I've become incredibly fond of the noodle bowl options at Japanese restaurants.  Yojimbo's ramen bowls are a heaping helping of spicy, yummy, noodly goodness and I've already let it be known that I will return to Yojimbo's at any time my fish-lovin' friends desire.Now it wasn't just the ramen.  We had very friendly service, I'm told the sushi was equally as good (especially my friend's 'leftover roll') and the cozy little space decorated with hand drawn cartoon characters is comfortable without being stereotypical.  The music was too loud in the main room, but fine where we were in the back room.  Oh, and one item of definite note - there is no alcohol.It's easy to pass this place by - the storefront is so small you can walk right past and miss it - but don't!  Come for the great service and wonderful food.
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,11/10/2010,133,424,15,19,17>Yummy tacos indeed. I'm not sure if they're the "Best tacos in town" as the painted sign advertises on their restaurant, but they are pretty damn good. What makes them different than other taqueria tacos is the amount of meat they serve up. Tacos are $2.75, which is more expensive than most taquerias, BUT the amount of meat they supply is massive. I was royally stuffed after eating my tacos. Super filled indeed. I would guesstimate that the meat quantity on 1 taco from El Taquito equals 3 tacos from other taquerias. Let's do the math: The cheapest tacos I've seen are $1.00. 3 tacos = $3.00 Therefore, El Taquito is serving up tacos for about .$90 cents. And the food is definitely not lacking flavor.Tostada de Cameron - The marinated shrimp tasted good, but lots of them were not cleaned properly. A shrimp full of poop is not at all appetizing to see.Chip and Salsa Trifecta - Salsa rojo is the best I've had in the area. It was nice and spicy, more so than a lot of restaurants. Loved it! Salsa verde was also really good. Tangy, mildly spicy, and perfect in my tacos. The chopped onion and random serrano peppers was an odd touch to the trifecta and didn't get why they were served.Tacos:Lengua was super tender and juicy. Al pastor had a very strong chorizo taste. Spicy and tasty, yet some pieces were very grisly.Chorizo was spicy, tasty and not very greasy.Carne Asada was the least favorite. It tasted well, but I prefer the meat to be slightly more charred on the flat top. Tortillas - My wife loved them and mentioned that they remind her of the tortillas in Mexico. Authenticity can never be a bad thing.Looking forward to trying more of their menu. I saw a couple of burritos pass by me, and they were huge!
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2010,11/9/2010,483,161,8,10,7>Ice cream + video games = a dream come true!Lots of flavors.  Real food items-like pizza, french fries, chicken nuggets.Retro candy items.Cool little trinket items.Ms PacMan, Galaga, Street Fighter and a pinball machine.Yerbe Mate Tea - oh ya!!Dont be a fool - get 2 scoops!!  Great prices.  Community committed.  Fun, friendly, family atmosphere. Id live there if they put a bed in there for me.  You'll love it.
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2010,11/8/2010,723,405,26,27,26>Offal is fantastic! 4 Stars because over the last 18 months I've had some eye-rollingly delicious meals... and some that underwhelmed. 10 Stars for their selection of rillette, pate and foie gras; Charcuterie Brilliance. I have NEVER been disappointed - multiple Porkgasmic experiences dining in and at home. There's nothing better than sitting down with a slab or two, or three of deliciousness while watching a National Geographic Nature Special to affirm how good it is to be at the top of the food chain. Cue: "Circle of Life" from The Lion King. Earlier this week I scarfed down two Pork Pepperoni and some Prilosec, courtesy of some lip-tingling heat and stealthy chili flakes. Didn't love it (blasphemy!) because it had more of a jerky consistency; the all natural casing crunched. If you're going to indulge, make sure you have floss on hand so as to avoid looking like a Baleen Whale. Hog Island Sweetwaters and Kumamoto oysters on the halvsies here may pass go and collect $200, but they're not the best, for some reason. Head scratcher. I've eaten 18 as an app, but not reveled with each slurp. Skip the marinated olives and the lukewarm, tough baby back ribs doused in generic sauce. Ditto for the Parmesan souffle w/ fresh tomato sauce and basil; it was gritty and an insult at $11.50. I don't know if what the BACON was up with the kitchen that dinner, but they also struck out with the Heirloom Tomatoes, which were bland beyond belief. The Smoked salmon with Yukon gold potatoes, horseradish, creme fraiche and dill = DULL. The German+Austrian representatives hated the Becker Lane pork schnitzel w/ Gravenstein apple salsa. It was flaccid and swimming in grease; never a good thing. Another bummer: Half spit-roasted chicken w/ focaccia, tomatoes, lemon cukes and basil bread salad (panzanella). Demoralized, we picked at the chicken, but devoured the cucumbers, which were crisp and perfectly acidic. Should I be getting kickbacks from AstraZeneca? My Grilled Tolenas quail w/ roasted Bronx grapes, chantarelles, French yellow wax beans and squash blossom buttah was a highlight - the grapes were magnificent. I had pork grease running down my chin, thanks to the Grilled ciccioli crostini w/ Adriadic figs and arugula. Tasty, but I was distracted by the possibility of chipping my beloved maxillary central incisors aka my two front teefs. So my palate was happy, but I was flipping through my mental Rolodex of Board Certified Endodontists who would do me a solid if I continued to eat at my own peril. This selection was awkwardly plated, with a honk o' ciccioli threatening not only my dentition, but my dexterity. Live and learn, childrens! The house charcuterie and cheese selections will more than compensate for any plates that need revision or are on the road to eventual brilliance. Order both; thank me later. The foliage selection was Watermelon, jicama and romaine w/ ricotta salata and pumpkin seeds. Perhaps it was the season, perhaps the product, but the watermelon was light, bland and firm; I actually had difficulty discerning the two. I like my food to look good, in addition to tasting good. It was monochromatic and the ricotta salata + pepitas were the only ingredients that contributed flava. And I gots to have my flava! Enter La Quercia prosciutto, ambrosia melon and figs glistening with pine cone syrup. Sexy, sexy, sexy. I could have (and should have) 3x'd this dish. We all did dessert but just picked at whatever it was we ordered and asked for the check. True; there were highs and there were lows and some works in progress in between. But each subsequent visit has been Food Baby-Tastic. Okay - that was one dinner. A few days ago, I popped in with a pal for lunch and ordered: * Roasted beef marrow: I should have sent it back; it was brown and looked like it had been in the salamander, and it was presented with a 3 tined shellfish fork. WTB??? I requested a "marrow spoon" and described it. Blank look. The server returned with a demitasse. I'll roast my own bones next time, thank you... with the proper utensils at the ready. * Charcuterie plate (pork pate, chicken liver pate and brawn (head cheese) and I need not say more. Okay, I will. LUSCIOUS! * Grilled flat bread w/ Mesker Farm rabbit, black mission figs, mint and pine cone syrup: the rabbit was overcooked and charred in spots, but I enjoyed the chewy flat bread (reminded me of micro-skinny pita) and of course, the roast figs and sweet syrup. I scooched the wabbit off each slice and replaced it with charcuterie, the HEADCHEESE was perfect. * La Quercia prosciutto, watermelon, cantaloupe, lemon verbena and agrumato. This dish was perfect. Perfect!!! The melons were sweet, delicate and perfectly ripened. Paired with the prosciutto and citrusy olive oil, the balance of summer, fruit... This little piggy had a PORKGASM.
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2010,11/7/2010,429,327,10,13,10>Crispy friesThick shakesJuicy burgersFriendly space.Satisfaction can come even when you expect it.
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/19/2010,11/6/2010,102,109,8,10,9>Here are some things to consider before making your trek to Sushi House. Being as super crowed as it usually is, gets immensely loud & comes with a pretty good wait both for seating & for food. The number of times I've eaten here, service has been pretty lowsy especially during peak times.You would imagine that at places as beloved as Sushi House, the sushi must be the Bomb Dot Com right? Yes & No.Yes, for those who aren't too critical & picky with their sushi & are mainly looking to satisfy your craving to eat loads of it. Large sizeable decadent rolls packed with rice & topped with loads of tobbiko, sauces and everything in between. Wide selection that are dressed to impress & will surely have you satisfied. Though the rolls are locked 'n loaded, you tend to lose the need to taste what you're eating & are now eating for the full. If you enjoy tasting your sushi & prefer quality of quantity, I'd say there are much better places you can find. Smaller rolls, little rice, with an emphasis on the complimentary ingredients.I, myself, prefer the latter.All things considered, it has alot going on. Very group & wallet friendly. Sushi House is a place you need to visit at least once. A place you can definitely say would be a memorable one. For me, it holds a very special place in my heart.. it's where I popped my Lion King cherry years ago!
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2010,11/5/2010,299,1732,8,9,7>Get there @ 10:30AM - 11:00AM on a weekend and you'll have no problem w/the crowds.  Pretty good breakfast stuff.  Might have hit it outta the park had I ordered the famous Demon Lover.  7th & Grayson: Rocked.  It's a tofu scram w/harissa, hash on the side & Acme bread.Tom Boy: LOVED the corn beef hash w/cubes of yummy porkie goodness & the apples, super delish.  Egg scram w/herbs was bland, but nice & fluffy.Drinks: Soy latte is overrated, tasted a bit burnt to me.  The special of the day, watermelon cooler was a hit.  They didn't even charge for the egg substitution on the Tom Boy.  YES!!!
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2010,11/4/2010,218,202,13,17,16>Star Meats is truly the Alba Truffle of Oakland. They do so many things, and they do it right. It appears most of the reviews here are for their sandwiches, which I must also say are a gutbuster of a deal, chock full of the best ingredients, but let's remember that they are a BUTCHER SHOP. They specialize in all things off the bone (as well as the bones, and fat, and well, you get the picture). Here's my not so short list: -Star sells locally raised meat from Marin Sun Farms (Know your carbon footprint, people, and I'm not just talking about the methane from bovine farts either). I'm not going to praise or preach the gospel on this, if you're reading my review you have access to a computer and the intarwebs- you can learn yourself a thing or two about grass fed vs. grain fed cattle.-they cure their own meats and it runs the gamut of salumi and charcuterie. Charcuterie and salumi making has taken off in the last several years, and places like Boccalone in the Ferry Building prove that people have gotten over the stigma for lard. Being a typical bacon fiend, I am a big fan of their house smoked bacon, and their pancetta is amazing. I got to try a nice sized hunk of the wine-soaked pancetta one time and the flavors that come out of every porky morsel was divine, and their regular pancetta is excellent. Last month, Jesse, the head honcho made rillette, a properly salted, porky, fatty dollop of deliciousness. I bought a decent amount of it at a ridiculously cheap price and proceeded to make out with it for a week. Almost every other day, my heart would skip a few beats thinking about slathering a crusty, fresh hunk of rustic baguette from La Farine with it and eating with abandon. Then again, I don't know if my heart skipped a beat because I was suffering a coronary, but at that point I would have died a happy woman. I haven't tried their house made sausages, nor their duck leg confits I have occasionally been tempted by, with their siren call of slow cooked tenderness wafting their aroma all over the entire store, but it's just a matter of time. I come from a do-it-yourself family (we made our own sausages as well as a plethora of other goods) and the thought of buying premade things, even duck confit, doesn't really appeal to me. But the stuff here does. Joe let me try a goat stew he had been cooking all day. The cinnamon and paprika, and other spices all melding with the meat and simmering sauce made me want to forget about my duck ragu I had on the home menu and just buy a quart of it to eat over some rice or grits. Joe and Jesse, and Sarah are efficient, friendly, and if they don't have what you need out in the case already, they will fetch it from their walk-in and cut it off the animal for you. It's that level of service, and the quality of what they provide that keeps me a returning customer. These folks know their way around a skeleton and offer great tips when your weeknight meals start to become blah. Joe bangs out some fantastic soups and stew, and I recommend their butternut squash soup if you're lucky enough to get some before it sells out (or before winter is over). Jesse is really in touch with his customers and will routinely ask questions like what people's opinions on certain salts for curing are, or if anyone is interested in a butchering class.I am not a huge carnivore, but you wouldn't know it from what I write; I actually eat vegetarian half the week. Premade, semi-made, or do-it-yourself, Star Meats is definitely my go-to place for the freshest, best cuts of meat when it's what's for dinner. P.S.- you can call ahead for your order!
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/13/2010,11/3/2010,294,247,15,18,19>This is a brand new dog park sponsored by the CIty of El Cerrito which will *officially* open on April 17, 2010 with a special presentation by Dr. Ian Dunbar, a dog parade from the EC Plaza and other dog-related festivities.Because its so new, the jury is still out...but this I know:Bruce King, an EC City employee was one of the finest, funniest folk on the city's staff. If I had my way, there would not only be a "Bruce King Dog Park", there would also be a "Bruce King CIty Hall" and a "Bruce King Recycling Center". In fact, should El Cerrito decide to change its name from the confusing reference to a little hill in Albany...I would support "Bruce King CIty" or simply "Bruceville." A quick story to illustrate the man's personality... he had been assigned to inspect my backyard where a new drain had been built to divert waters from the two newly constructed McMansions on the hillside above us and I was understandably nervous about this "offical" visit. I met him in front of the house and offered to show him the work in progress. "You can either come through the sideyard, or if you aren't afraid of dogs we can go up through the house." Never occurred to me that his laugh was because...we only had three little dogs, whereas Bruce had many dogs of all shapes'n sizesat his own home. . It was (to quote a city official) like asking an acrobat whether he could jump!Bruce was real, he was easy to like, he was downhome *and* he liked our backyard with its native grasses and trees. Found it to be funky and fine, he said. On the day he checked out my backyard, I knew that he was the "coolest official" I had ever met from the City. The yard, he said was perfect for the dogs. Bruce deserved to have a city dog park named after him.But...I'm not sure if this park is worthy of the man. As with most community efforts, it really depends on how the neighborhood puts it to use. *RIght now, the park consists of two longish (and very narrow) enclosed spaces encircled with black chain link fence. There is a space resembling a staging area between the small dog space and the large dog space. Little vegetation lurks about...its as though the planners felt that dogs would kill grass, shrubs or trees...so why put them in? Its situated in an odd place...near San Pablo Ave (and the Richmond city line) and running along side the BART tracks. Possibly dog owners will be able to drown out the sound of passing BART trains by using iPods, earplugs or some such. They might also want to invest in similar devices for their dogs...I am told that dogs have much better hearing than we do. There was a dog and owner playing happily when I visited. The owner pointed out that which so many apartment buildings nearby, indoor dogs needed a place to run. This, I'm sure, is correct...although larger dogs would probably prefer the nearby park at Point Isabel. Smaller dogs, such as my own, seem to find friends while walking around the block, visiting neighbors, or just skirting the edges of existing City Parks.So...I am hoping that this new park will be a smashing success and that the city will adequately maintain that which it has created. Time will tell. In the meantime, to Bruce's family, thank you for your help in creating the park...and thank you for letting us share, however briefly, a truly wonderful civil servant. He was everything we taxpayers could hope for...hopefully, the park will be, too.*4/26/2010...the park is extremely well-used thus far. Hooray!!!
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2010,11/2/2010,561,82,19,17,20>For those of you who don't believe in the Satan, I've got a secret to disclose. It exists here, in the form of an alluring donut shop. Parking is a pain in the bootay, but when is it not in Berkeley? Don't whine, find a spot, and let your olfactory do the talking. I chose to go for a maple old fashion and a glazed donut. I must admit, I like a warm donut because if I am going to intake that many calories, it better be worth it. At Dream Fluff, the donuts were not warm but I decided to take a chance. Even though the texture of the glazed donut was delicious, the old fashion maple won my heart. Fluffy, soft, and the perfect amount of sugar. It was divine, so divine, that I actually licked every finger that encountered that heavenly donut.    Just remember, if you're ready to indulge, don't forget to bring cash. Washington's will do. Another important fact. The woman who usually helps me cannot speak a lick of English. Just point and smile. You'll do great. Lesson of the day:Many people find Satan to be evil, but in Paradise Lost, John Milton gives him the epic lines. Most scholars find him to be the hero. Now you might be asking, is Dream Fluff a hero or anti-hero? I'll let you ponder that while you indulge in one or more decadent donuts.
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,11/1/2010,66,234,7,14,10>People who live in the Oakland Hills are used to the line "This can't be Oakland" owing mostly to the unrelenting crime and violence in the city at large. No place says that to me more than Redwood.Mountain biking originated here in the 70's with the "Clunkers" who used to ride tricked out Schwinns down Stream Trail as fast as they could. Well, that's been curtailed, but there are still great trails and views and sunlight and breeze and escape just a few minutes from the downtown. My favorite hike is a really rainy day, preferably after two days of rain. You make your very muddy way from Skyline Gate along West Ridge up to the Tres Sendas (three streams) trail, head downhill along side a rushing stream amid second growth redwood (first growth, logged after the 06 earthquake to rebuild SF), then up French Trail back to West Ridge and back to your car. Go in the RAIN. Its rainforest down there. Even in just foggy weather the trees drip. Bring your dog and a towel to scrub him with before getting in your car. (My car's a little doggy, now. :)
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2010,10/31/2010,968,110,12,12,12>I LOVE ME A BURGER!!!!When people ask me what my favorite food is, I think burger, but I usually say something that sounds a bit nicer like "Oh well Fillet Mignon is nice." HA... totally kidding!  There is nothing better than a big, fat, juicy, artery-clogging burger!I have been eating at this joint since I was a kid, and I don't think they have changed the decor since 1986.  I have never had pie or breakfast here because, as I said before, I'm all about the original cheeseburger.  There is enough mayo on it to feed an army, an entire slice of white onion, and don't even get me started on the fries.... delish!  It takes a while to cook them because, unlike McDonalds, the food is FRESH and non microwavable.  It is a great place to go with the fam on a casual night out, or after a local football game. Happy artery clogging goodness.....
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2010,10/30/2010,342,397,21,17,19>2 years ago I was all about Loco Moco. 2 years ago I was VERY out of shape. Loco Moco is my favorite comfort food of all time......I had done my 5.5 miles and was headed to swim later on this particular Sunday afternoon..so why not?The menu said $5 but I didn't want SPAM so I asked for the hamburger patties that they typically serve at an L & L or Ohana ( Hawaiian fast food chains) I saw a Martinelli Apple Juice and the total came to $8.12. Around 10 minutes later  my food was ready. I grabbed a bottle of Siracha and liberally showered this Moco of Loco. 1 egg2 BIG Hamburger pattiesA LOTTA Gravy, over what might've been 2.5-3 scoops of buttery rice. A little Mac Salad on the side as well. This is the farthest thing from healthy but goddamn is it delicious. The kid at the cashier asked me how I liked it and brought me some water. Either he was bored or trained properly, whatever, keep that dude, he made sure my meal was excellent. It was slow so please support this place. I will be back, just not often, I don't have the time to run the 15-20 miles daily that it takes to work off this caloric debauchery.
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2010,10/29/2010,212,286,7,7,9>Finally got my own neighborhood wing joint, been here a few times and every experience has been great.The spot is real clean and the workers are real nice. I really like the layout of the place, they get you in and out quick. The large poster size pictures on the wall are real neat. The menu is simple and plain.Now for the wings, i tried the signature OOOH WEEE sauced wings and they were hitters! The wings were real juicy and large compared to wing stop. I'm really not a fan of wing stop but i need something to compare it to. I also tried the BBQ and garlic parm both were pretty good but the OOOOH WEEE is where its at!Price wise this place blows every wing joint out of the water. I would say at least 30% cheaper then weak stop. I ordered the 50 pack of wings with 3 sides and a large soda and it came out to be $35, now that's hella cheap!So if you are in the Oakland High street area and craving some wings come thru to Wing Town you wont be disappointed!5 Stars for Wing Town in the Town!
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2010,10/28/2010,298,445,12,13,11>...to lash, or not to lash? That is the question. At Bliss with Marie's amazing skills the answer is definitely to lash! I have an obsession with having nice eyebrows (they are the frame of your face) and great eyelashes (good ones can make you look fabulous under any conditions; rain, shine, makeup, no-makeup, poolside, in the morning, etc.) Yes, I am one of those girls who carries an eyelash curler in her purse. On a Sunday morning I am waiting for my 8am Bikram Yoga class to start (lookin' a mess hoping that yoga will detox me for the week to come) and this gal walks in lookin' fabulous. I immediately notice she has the most amazing eyelashes. After a few seconds of eye drooling over them I lean over and whisper "Can I ask you a personal question? Are those your natural lashes?" She then proceeds to inform me that Marie at Bliss hooks her up. A few weeks later I go online see that Bliss is having a monthly special on eyelash extensions and I am sold. I booked an appointment online which was super flexible and way too easy. I walked in having 'blah lashes' and walked out with 'BAM LASHES'! All it took was an hour and a half and Marie's mad skills to get me there. I am hooked, I was so impressed I signed up for the yearly special. General Lash Tips (AKA what to expect):BEFORE: - You must go in without eye makeup.DURING: - For a new set of lashes allow at least an hour for application.- The whole time you will be lying down with your eyes closed.- Worry not there will be nice music, a comfy massage bed, and cooling under eye patches. Very therapeutic. AFTER:- You cannot wash your face or get sweaty for the first 24 hours. - You cannot use an eyelash curler, regular mascara, or oil based eye makeup remover but Marie will hook you up with all the maintenance tools and tips you need before you leave. - If you want to keep the look up you will need to re-touch every 4 weeks or so.All in all it is totally worth it!
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2010,10/27/2010,285,169,13,15,12>Bright colors, indoor/ outdoor seating, great selection of hot sauce and HUGE ROTATING PIECE OF MEAT SLOW COOKING AND WAITING TO MELT IN YOUR MOUTH....It was like watching a stripper dance around a pole, teasing you in exchange for a few dollars. The meat was sweet and savory in a delicious sauce and they were generous with the meat. My tortilla was falling apart because it couldn't contain all the goodness!
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2010,10/26/2010,563,337,18,23,20>The menus are exactly the same as Miyozen....  Oh snap, they're related!The sushi is fresh and tasty.The beer is cold and refreshing.The service is friendly and attentive.Definitely BETTER than their sister location, Miyozen, in Emeryville.
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2010,10/25/2010,224,231,20,25,22>+ Bacon wrapped mochi - This will make your day. + Most fresh, crisp cabbage I've ever had paired with a delicious kewpie/ponzu mixed (?) mayo for a great starter + Oolong tea shochu cocktail - Subtle yet smooth. A little strong at first, but I slowly grew fond of it. + Ambiance and decor - Wood, earthenware, simple. Beautiful space. This would be the perfect post-dinner date place for me!+ Clean - Get your bum cleaned in the bathroom, while you're at it.I will contribute more pluses, I'm sure, the next time I'm here.
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,10/24/2010,389,574,10,17,16>Usually I'm thinking I'd like to downsize my small SUV...until I happen to be going to the Alameda flea market, and then I momentarily wish I had a big truck and a coupla burly young men to escort me.  I like the recycled finds you can pick up at the Alameda flea market (aka fancy pants name above).  It's a great place to go if you're doing some decorating.  Furniture (I noticed several nice kitchen islands this time), dishes, clothes, jewelry, collectibles and much more.  It's akin to the big flea market at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena...only better because it's right next to the Bay.  Meeting a girlfriend or my sister there is a great way to spend a first Sunday morning of the month.  I usually go in right after 9, when the admission price goes down to $5.  You can get there earlier...but seriously, it's huge.  They are not gonna run out of stuff.  Most of the vendors will negotiate on price...and if the price isn't right, I just move on.  I frequently don't even come home with something.  The fun of seeing interesting things, catching up with a friend and a couple of those yummy tacos ($2.50 each) are plenty of entertainment even without spending cash on something tangible.  If you go, bring:- sunscreen and/or a hat (even if it's foggy, you're on the water)- something to carry your finds (big bag, backpack, child's wagon or even a "granny" cart)- a bottle of waterFree parking and shuttles with friendly drivers.
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2010,10/23/2010,198,153,7,13,10>Wandered into Dopo after spending some time at the Mountain View Cemetery. I wasn't quite sure what to expect, after having heard some seriously mixed reviews. Seems Dopo is very polarizing - you either hate it or love it,  and I'm definitely in the latter camp. The emphasis here is on simply prepared food, made with super fresh, high-quality ingredients. We started with a dozen oysters, which were served simply with a lemon wedge. We then shared an arugula salad. This item was not on the menu, but I felt the need for some raw greens, so our server got the kitchen to make this for us. Nice touch. The highlight of the meal, however, was their sausage pizza, which had a delicately thin crust, and less of a charred quality than Pizzaiolo/Boot and Shoe. My date remarked that the food seemed very authentically Italian, and I agree. When I'm in the mood for cuisine that's understated and elegant, I'll come back to Dopo.
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,10/22/2010,414,294,13,16,16>In the recent weekends, I had the chance to take my cupcake to the dog park! I LOVE LOVE LOVE Fremont Dog Park!Why?The answer is simple.---It's BRAND NEW and it's SOOO CLEAN----!!!!There are two dog parks right next to each other. One is for big dogs and the other one is for small dogs. It has everything you need there. Big running area for the dogs to play, water for them to drink, plastic bag to pick up your dog poop and shaded area for the owner to sit. It's PERFECT!!! Plus there is a lot good looking friendly dogs there. What make it even better is that it's right next to Lake Elizabeth! So what my friends and I would do is walk our dog around Lake Elizabeth then take our dogs to the dog park. Love it!
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2010,10/21/2010,317,326,18,15,15>I like this BART station because it's well lit AND the parking lot is free.  I get here around 5:30 AM so I never have trouble finding parking, but I have come in the middle of the day and it's packed.Since I tend to park really close I have no issues about feeling safe or not, but I have seen some shady characters hanging out around the perimeter of the far section of the parking lot, so I'd stay away from there.At the Civic Center BART station when I get there, the accordion guy is playing, and when I get to this station every morning, I hear a rooster crowing.  I really did move out to the sticks.
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,10/20/2010,372,752,9,12,11>I was totally convinced that Wally's Cafe was THE BOMB Med Food but then I stumbled upon Ms. Wally's Cafe and I think it's really giving Wally's Cafe a run for its money!! Food: I ordered a Lamb kabob "mesa style" which comes with: 1) Lentil soup: YUMMY! It had this special spicy/pepper kick to it! Love all the ingredients in there too! It was a hearty soup!2) Hummus: Kinda bland for me, it could have been a little more flavorful, but it was still good. 3) Baba ganoush: THE BEST I've ever tasted! I seriously used to think that I just didn't like baba ganoush because it doesn't taste like much and hummus is way better but after tasting Ms. Wally's Cafe, I now know that other people just haven't made it right! This is baba ganoush at its best!4) Dolmas: BEST DOLMA I've EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!!!!! I'm just going to leave it at that.....5) falafel: a bit dry, could have been better, but it wasn't awful. 6) Tabbouleh: love the extra sour kick to it! Very delicious!7) Pita: YUM! just the right amount of chewy and carb-y texture! EXCELLENT! 8) Rice: I'm not a huge fan of rice...but this rice was bomb-diggity! 9) Lamb Kabob: One word, DELICIOUS! Service: Very friendly and prompt service!Ambiance: cute little, friendly neighborhood restaurant. Heck, honestly with food this good, who cares what it looks like on the inside!Price: The meal fed two people and it came out to be around $26 with tax and tip included. Not bad...not bad at all... :)Overall: Ms. Wally can dish out a mean meal that will have you begging for seconds! I'm totally coming around for more! Sign me up!
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,10/19/2010,72,663,12,11,12>First "local" place I've gone to since I moved to "The Nut."  For a small restaurant, it was pretty packed on a weeknight.  And unlike most places, their kitchen was not located in the very back but rather an open kitchen so you see how your food was being prepared.  I ordered the following to-go:Crunch California - Deep fried California roll with masago; the masago was mildly spicy (thank goodness for me).Shrimp Tempura - Only place I've gone so far that actually put tempura sauce with the roll; most places don't even bother adding it.Miso Soup - Really good and they weren't skimpy on the miso paste or give the illusion that it's a lot of soup by added lots and lots of chives, seaweed or tofu.Overall, I was satisfied with my meal.  The rolls were properly rolled so it didn't fall apart, and they weren't mushy.  Also, the price was comparable to other places.UNlike most Asians, I either order the bento boxes or rolls because I didn't grow up eating sashimi or nigri.  For all those "haters" out there who thinks rolls aren't sushi, who cares!  If food is still good, then who gives a flying 747?  LOL... Just like how non-Hispanics like "Mexican pizza" or "carne asada fries."
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2010,10/18/2010,64,706,8,9,9>This place opened a while ago but didn't give it a second thought until last weekend.  You know there comes a time when you just get tired of the Subways, Togos and Quiznos in the world.  Glad to see there is another, more gourmet option to choose from when you're in the mood for a little more.The establishment is set up in true Hof Brau style with the long counter, trays, carving stations and of course the eager employees waiting to build you the perfect sandwich.  You can either get your food and go or sit and relax in the large dining room or enclosed outside patio.My choice, after agonizing over their sandwich menu, was the Garlic Frank sandwich.  My Garlic Frank was gooo-oood!  Very garlicky, probably enough to keep Edward Cullen and his kind away.  Guess I am a sucker for bangers.  Plopped on an onion roll and I was all set.I will be back to try some of their dinner plates on for size.  I'm thinking Roast Beef. Oh and don't even get me started on their homemade desserts, gaaaah I need to show some resolve, or not!
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,10/16/2010,628,530,25,21,19>My pizza of choice from a young age, Zachary's Deep Dish Chicago Style Pizza is what happens when God makes a pizza.  I don't care about the waits at this location.I don't care about "whatever pizza you are thinking about right now" that you think is better.I don't care about your pizza pro-con list or complex rating systems.If I had to marry a pizza, I'd marry a Zachary's pizza.If I was about to die and my last meal had to be pizza, I'd get it from Zachary's.If I could send any pizza to a starving child in Kenya, I'd send a Zachary's pizza.If aliens landed on Earth and they wanted to try Earth Pizza, I'd serve them Zachary's pizza.If I had to skydive into a pool of pizza, I'd dive into a pool of Zachary's pizza then stay for a while to swim and consume.Am I biased? Yes.  In Susan's world, she is blindly in love with Zachary's pizza =D
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2010,10/15/2010,161,85,18,21,19>A partial list of my New Year's resolutions including progress to date:#1 Stop swearing - FAILExcuse: But I swear when I'm excited too (i.e. "that was some f*ing awesome cheesecake")#2 Reduce meat consumption - FAILExcuse: But how can I with all that affordable and tasty grass fed stuff everywhere?#3 Reduce beer consumption - FAILExcuse: But I have to taste every microbrew known to mankind.#4 Support more local businesses - SUCCESSExcuse: It's easy when you've got Rockridge Home.This charming gift shop is a world of wonder. Step inside and find yourself surrounded by cute toys, scented soaps, cool gadgets, funky furniture, and everything in between. It's a perfect spot for finding last minute gift items.Last weekend, I picked up one of those egg whisker-head massagers ($6), a smart plastic piece for wrapping headphones around ($4), some scented soap ($4), cupcake lipgloss ($3) and a few other items I just couldn't resist. Walk inside, have a look, and spend as little or as much as you want. If you need assistance, the friendly employees will gladly help. When I went, there was a "No on H8" sale (noh8campaign.com/article…) so everything in the store was 8% off! Total surprise and score!Although I didn't have time to fully explore this store, I will definitely be back for more cool gadgets. Kudos to Rockridge Home for being locally owned and fabulous!
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2009,10/14/2010,449,368,13,19,16>This is a brand new dim sum establishment on Dixon Landing replacing the defunct HK Villa, and Fu Lam Moon before that. I never thought either of those previous incarnations were all that bad, and they always seemed relatively full, but predicting restaurant longevity has become a more difficult proposition in these trying times.HK Villa went belly up a few months ago, and not long after, the new brass for Moongate Garden started gutting the place, so I knew something was in the works. On my daily lunchtime walk, I gauged the progress, when finally, lo and behold, a little over a week ago... GRAND OPENING!Of course, dim sum is not the type of dining to partake in all alone, so I waited a few more days until I could find some willing lunch partners, and wa la... here we were on a lovely October Friday afternoon. The crowd at 1:15 was not quite completely full, but I'd say about 80% or so, and certainly enough to see that business is doing pretty well (although as mentioned earlier, it's hard to tell). Our party of three was seated instantly, and here begins the breakdown:Service: Attentive and enthusiastic, the wait staff is quick to pick up dishes and refill tea. The only minor downside is the cart ladies, who, although are very friendly, seem just a tad bit on the pushy side. They are somewhat agressive in peddling odd items that no one really wants, and telling you how great everything tastes. I must say that the carts do come out extremely briskly, and between all the less popular dishes are many of everyones' favorites. Grade: BFurnishings and Decor: The wooden paneling is a nice touch, but I have one major gripe, and it's the actual tables themselves. The shiny faux granite definitely lends a more upscale appearance, but the management should realize that paper mats on top of this slippery surface make for a bad combination. I had a whale of a time trying to reposition plates, as they were playing Icecapades all over the table. Grade: CFood: Now, we get to what really matters. On the whole, I would rank the fare at Moongate Garden in the middle of the pack, and that's probably where they aim to be. They are not trying to take business away from the Asian Pearls or Koi Gardens of the world, but more of your average, everyday dim sum joints.Items are priced at $1.98 for small, $2.98 for medium, and $3.98 for large. Of course, this is always misleading, as what some places consider small may be large or medium in others. Such is the case with Moongate Garden. Our total bill of 10 items came to about 30 bucks, as the brunt of dishes fell into the M category. We also did not get charged for the tea.We sampled the following items:Sticky rice in lotus leaf (noh mai gai) - smaller size and less greasy than most, but still packed with ample meat - B+Pork bun (cha siu bao) - not too doughy, with the right amount of meat - B+Steamed spare ribs (pai gwat) - not too tough or too soft, but lacking a bit of flavor  - B+Siu mai - decent, not too greasy, but somewhat bland - BBean curd vegetarian roll (seen juk guen) - bean curd is soft, sauce is lighter than other places, and seems cleaner and healthier overall - BEgg custard tart (daan taat) - quality taste and right amount of flakiness, but a tad bit watery on top - BHa gow - tastes fine, but not stuffed with as much shrimp as some places - BPan fried turnip cake (loh baak go) - light on flavor, but texture is about right - B-Fun goh - the skin is a little thick, and the insides don't have much flavor - C+Shrimp crepe roll (ha cheung fun) - very thick skin, with limited amount of shrimp - CAs you can see, none of the items are absolutely mindblowing, yet none are God awful. You won't feel as if you wasted your time coming here, but won't exactly be clamoring to drive 100 miles to come back either. For the Dixon Landing area, Moongate Garden is a welcome addition for lunch. If you happen to be in the area, it's worth paying a visit, but if you don't mind paying a bit more, Asian Pearl (yelp.com/biz/asian-pearl…) a bit up the road is your better bet. If you are just in the mood for dim sum, and not caring about actual dining experience, the take out style New Hwong Kok (yelp.com/biz/new-hwong-k…) across the street may also suit your needs.Will Moongate Garden survive the test of time? I've officially given up on the restaurant handicapping business, as my record has been taking a shot recently. However, if I were a betting man, I'd say they have a 50-50 chance.   :-P
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2009,10/13/2010,107,131,15,15,14>Anybody that walks into a place like this and expects them to cater to the needs of vegetarians is, ahem, unrealistic.That is the nice way of saying "a dumb-ass self-centered moron."If there are no signs that trumpet the place as a haven for vegetarians, then you must assume it is not. Also, if there is awesome tile art depicting a bottle of Corona, you can assume they do not cater to vegetarians.All that being said, the food here is very good. Salsa is on point, enchiladas are excellent, tacos are tasty and I did wooooork on those beans. And they don't charge bar prices for beer. In other words, Pico Paco employees, you can count on seeing my sweet smiling face again.
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2010,10/12/2010,833,1145,12,11,11>Can you say "I CAN HAS CHEEZBURGER??"This place is solid. We all joked about how greasy the burgers were, but we all loved it nonetheless. Tiffany said she could feel herself breaking out within minutes of devouring the thing, but too bad for me this cheeseburger will just add onto the few pimples I already have from all the shit I had to deal with this week.The service is super good and the owner guy is super nice. The six of us sure made it confusing because people were ordering for others who were late, people were splitting fries or milkshakes, everyone was throwing down a coupon which had a choice of discount, everyone was on a separate check, and I had to cancel something I ordered. Ordering was a mess pretty much and I felt bad, but everything aside from an extra milkshake, everything came out as ordered all thanks to the staff.Our curly fries were curly, though I wish it were a little spicy. The burgers were juicy. They were so juicy that oil and meat juice was running down my hand and arms and almost into my sleeves. I had to use two napkins and I usually use zero. The milkshakes were frothy. The non-malted strawberry was extremely sweet. It was probably the sweetest. The malted vanilla was probably my favorite, but you can taste the malt the most in the malted chocolate. Obviously they use vanilla ice cream for the vanilla milkshakes, but I think they use vanilla ice cream and blend either strawberry or chocolate syrup with it for the strawberry and chocolate milkshakes too, instead of using strawberry and chocolate ice cream. But like I said, it's all good here!Not only did we get a full stomach, but we even got a nice talking to by the guy who runs this place. He said we reminded him of his daughters and son, then went on to talk about them when they were in college. It was funny because he reminded me of my dad! Anyways, we got some good tips on life from him and he got some good tips from us.
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2010,10/11/2010,341,458,17,21,20>I don't remember how it came to my attention that we still have a real drive-in in our midst.  But once it did, I got on their mailing list and looked forward to my first drive-in night in about 25 years.  While my expectations for the fun and nostalgia factor were high, my expectations for quality facilities were not so much.  I just imagined it to be a little trashy or run down, and I was okay with that.What a nice surprise!  Unlike the dirt lots of my youth, the paved parking lot has wide marked parking spots, each with plenty of room for you to set up chairs next to the car.  Each spot has an elevated hump so you can angle your car for a better view.  The restrooms are cleaner than expected, and well stocked... well, early in the evening they are.  There is some deterioration as the night wears on.  The biggest surprise was at the snack bar.  When my husband came back with nachos, it was not the standard square plastic container of chips with a cup of cheese sauce for dipping.  It was a huge plate, with real seasoned meat, salsa with identifiable tomatoes, onions and cilantro, sour cream, peppers.  They also have real tortas and tacos.  Plus the traditional movie fare.  At more reasonable prices than your typical cineplex.If your car battery dies during the movie, you can borrow a portable battery jumper to get you going.  (I've since replaced my weak 5 year old car battery, and bring a portable AM/FM radio to tune into the audio).Here's what we've learned:  remember, blankets, PJs, chairs, radio, cooler with adult beverages.  And the drive-in is big fun!The downside: cleaning up all the popcorn from the back of the car the next day.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2010,10/10/2010,883,311,17,16,18>I eat a lot of meat.Wait, read that without a hint of perversion.  But anyways, there is not a hint of anything that used to have a pulse here, and most of what they serve is even vegan, and/or gluten-free.Now, my bestie is currently a vegan, which I totally support (from afar).  We ended up meeting for lunch (SAY WHAT) and so we ended up at Maoz (as neither of us had tried it, and of course, I had not thought twice about it after seeing that it is vegetarian).  The ceiling and walls are clean and green (themey? yes. but so cute) with exciting light bulbs hanging from the ceiling.  The menu proudly procaims "VEG OUT", BAHAHAH.I got a Maoz sandwich and my friend got a salad box.  I got my sandwich with hummus and feta cheese, and doused it in salsa and garlic sauce (MWAHAHA).  It was effing delicious.  I usually need meat (in my mouth, har har har, get your mind out of the gutter), but this was AWESOME.  I forgot how deliious falafel is, and this definately gave me a good reminder.  My friend got the salad box which got jam packed with fresh veggies and fun stuff (that I would not normally eat) but was apparently delicious.We topped off our meal with a split order of sweet potato fries and a fresh squeezed lemonade.  These were HANDS DOWN the best sweet potato fries I have ever had.  DELICIOUS.  The lemonade was impressive (it's that fresh flavor).As much as I eat like a dirty fat man, I can deal with this. I actually ate here just about an hour or two ago, and I'm already craving more falafel...
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2010,10/9/2010,564,188,15,14,12>As a long time fan of the Pearl's in the TL, I'd pay bridge toll and drive out of the way of my humble abode in the East Bay just for a taste of one of their amazing burgers across the Bay. So imagine my excitement when during a visit to the Alameda Towne Center, I discovered that Pearl's would be opening another restaurant there. And imagine my double excitement when I found out that one of my friend's brothers was going to be working there. I practically shook him down for the grand opening date, and because of my connivingness, somehow walked away with the soft opening date as well -- today :DIn Alameda, this is a far cry from the dinginess of the one in the TL. I'm not knocking the TL one by any means as it has its own charm, but lets just say that this one just fits into Alameda very well. It's spacious and clean with nice furnishings, and they've got actual service. You can order burgers by by the 1/4 to 1/2 pound and unlike the other two Pearl's restaurants, this one even has beer and wine on tap (or, will have sometime next month, after they get their liquor license).  Score!  Because there's nothing like enjoying your burger with some booze.Today, I went with my usual Prized Pearl, garlic fries, springs (a mix of sweet potato fries and onion rings if you didn't already know!) and an Oreo milkshake. Soooo good. Just like the one in SF.  But with ambiance.  Parking.  No homeless people.  And soon, booze.Watch out, Alameda. With this new Pearl's in the town center, I'm gonna be coming into town all the time ;)
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2009,10/8/2010,243,116,4,13,13>Best Vietnamese Food (in downtown Brentwood)You gotta give it up to my peeps for always trying to fill the gap in the market for Vietnamese cuisine...no matter what the location; in this case, downtown Brentwood.  The place is small and clean. Nothing really stands out other than the fact that its downtown, and in a part of Brentwood I haven't really frequented myself yet. I ate here with my wife and a couple friends a few months ago. I had a porkchop rice dish, which common fare at these types of joints. It was passable, and but the pricing was maybe a buck or too more than what is normally charged in San Jose. What DID stand out to me, was my wife's dish, which was the "Skakin' Beef" ? Cuts of filet mignon cooked to damn-near perfection. It was REALLY good. Again, a common dish but these guys seemed to have mastered it, and for that, they will surely get a repeat visit sometime soon.
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2010,10/7/2010,264,294,8,12,13>I've gone to Cycle Sports for a fair amount of random bike gear over the past year: got my crappy/old bike's brakes re-aligned, new lights for D and me, and they also once taught me how to change a flat (I know, rookie) so I wouldn't have to keep paying for the service.Recently we went in to exchange a defective item, and since we didn't have the receipt anymore, D and I were geared for battle. No questions asked, we received the best service either of us has had, ever.I have a crappy bike and know nothing about cycling in general, but I'm not sure what folks are talking about with the attitude. If we ever decide to ditch our old bikes and become one with the spandex clan, this will be the place we trust to get it right.
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2010,10/6/2010,300,251,10,11,11>After attending the Elite event at FIVE, I just wanted to stuff more hot pig flesh in my face. Both of my parents have birthdays this week, so I said, "Hey, we're taking you out to T-Rex for dinner tonight. For your birthdays." But really, it was for my mouth to have more BBQ flavored food and saucy meat inside of it.I ordered the pulled pork sandwich (it came with BBQ potato chips, cole slaw, and a sweet pickle) and Husband H. ordered the smoked brisket sandwich (potato salad, cole slaw, pickle). We ate the sandwiches, switching halfway through. I liked both, but I liked mine better. It was more moist and exciting. The brisket tasted great dipped in their spicy chili sauce, which has a very good smoky flavor and nice back heat. For dessert we had a peach blueberry cobbler with ice cream, which I wasn't impressed with, although it was warm and sweet and we did eat all of it. The topping was a little undercooked, and the peach slices didn't come apart when forked, so I'm going to guess they pulled it from the oven too soon. We had both had the Ginger Press, which was tasty, but could have been a tad boozier. I'm not complaining though, because they were $5 happy hour drinks.This place is really nice inside, and pretty baby friendly. I enjoyed all the natural light where we were sitting upstairs, and Baby H. enjoyed chewing on his plastic high chair, which I'm going to go ahead and assume they boil between each baby. He also enjoyed throwing cheddar cubes on the floor and screaming with joy at the people sitting at the next table, who didn't mind. He has silky blonde hair, so he can get away with anything.The service was really, really slow. I'm hoping that was just our waiter's problem. This place is versatile. I had a great time having a family dinner there with my charming and crazy infant and similarly affected parents, but I could definitely see going with friends later at night to have some grown up fun.
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,10/5/2010,456,631,17,24,18>I woke up the day after Christmas with some not so nice teeth pain.  I guess that's what I get for being naughty. Since it was a Saturday, and a holiday, I had very limited options for any relief. I called several dentists and most were gone, but Bayside Oral Surgery was open, and had it not been for the awesome receptionist, Michelle, my mouth would be in ruins. Michelle alerted Dr. Liao of my situation and tried to schedule me for the earliest appt. on Monday. She called me back within an hour to confirm, as well as called in some pain relief for me to get through the weekend. Great follow through!I arrived at their offices on Monday and the vibe is relaxed and the staff is very calming--not eerily calm like "you're about to get a needle and some unpleasant experience in your face", but more of a "hey, we're going to take care of you" feeling. Dr. Liao didn't make me feel bad for procrastinating in getting this problem tooth out. She suggested I get the remaining wisdom tooth out too, and that it would be an easy, quick procedure. She was very thorough in describing the procedure, evaluating my x-rays and had a very nice demeanor. She didn't make me feel like a crazy whiner, because I'm sure some people had it much worse than I, but I never felt like a problem. I was scheduled for surgery the next day.Having never had my top wisdom teeth out, I always get nervous before surgery. The nurses were great and personable, and I didn't just feel like a number in a bib with an IV. I woke up from surgery groggy but confident that I was ok. I had a nurse, as well as Dr. Wendy call me later on that day to see how I was doing. (Apparently I needed a bit more anesthesia than your average bear, but I'm ok)I ALWAYS get the dreaded dry socket when I have teeth out. This time, I had none. Dr. Liao's job was quick, efficient and had no complications. So much so, that when I went back for my check up a week later, I was told I was healing surprisingly fast and doing great. That never happens. My sinuses are even better!Thanks to Dr. Wendy Liao, I have a few holes in my head, but not in my heart for Bayside Oral Surgery Group.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2010,10/4/2010,241,184,15,11,11>For my birthday, my cousin told me that she had the perfect place to take me, Yume.  She was raving about how it was the freshest sushi she ever had and that it was just phenomenal.  My response of course was "Ok... great!" minus the enthusiasm.  I mean how awesome can sushi be?  I was excited for sushi because I love it, but i wasn't jumping up and down with excitement.  So we arrive and i look inside to find that it seats only 8 people and there were 2 people already in line.  The wait shouldn't be that bad right? Well, 45 minutes later, we finally get a seat at the sushi bar.  I had been forewarned that they are critical of how you eat and how you order and all that other nit picky stuff.  The "We Reserve the Right to NOT Serve Anyone" sign was also very obvious as you walk in the door.  I was not about to get my ass kicked out for doing something stupid.Basically, for the next 2 hours i had the most amazingly fresh sushi that i've ever had.  It's so good that i almost didn't want to share this place with anyone.  Toro, Hamachi, Amaebi, Uni, Ika, Sake, Hotate, Mirugai and a variety of other fish including Sea Bass, Amberjack and Spanish Mackeral were on the menu.   Needless to say, it was a party in my mouth for 2 hours and i was super full.So in the end i guess my suggestion is... don't come here... yeah that's right DON'T come here.  i want to save this place for myself.
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2009,10/3/2010,60,201,12,15,14>Parkway Cleaners has taken care of all my dry cleaning needs for years.  They are prompt and can have your order ready for you the very next day.  They also do a good job with alterations.  I've brought all my pants in to have hemmed and taken in and some even taken out.  The customer service is always so friendly and she is very efficient with having my stuff ready even before I walk in the door.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,10/2/2010,230,57,7,10,12>I have always said, the beans and rice will let you know how authentic and how good Mexican restaurant is. Most places put a lot of lard in the re-fried beans or make the rice too dry with no flavor, and these two things are the keys to most Mexican plates. This place provides a wide selection of great tasting authentic Mexican food with attentive service. The only negative things that I would have to say about this restaurant is the portion size of the rice and beans and a not so good salsa.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2010,10/1/2010,523,699,12,11,9>Usually, I write a review that resulted from a first date almost immediately after, when I'm in the glow of true like and he hasn't figured out that I have daddy issues.  This time I decided to do it differently and wait awhile before entering my prose.  What can I say, one thing that is sure is that  I would definitely come back to eat here.  Suggested because of my love for margaritas and mexican food, neither really disappointed.  Although there were more than enough margaritas to get drunk on (and ultimately beer goggles), we stuck with the half-pitcher of the cactus margarita.  The idea of a half pitcher is GENIUS MARKETING.  You don't want to seem like a lush by getting a big one, you feel that just a glass won't be enough.  Like Goldilocks, you get the half-pitcher, knowing you can always have more.  Also, sharing something on a first date is always romantic.Now onto the food- he had a couple of chimichungas, I had a taco salad.  While they did omit the onions, it seemed that my tomatoes had also taken a vacation.  No matter, as there was plenty of delicious salsa (which was a perfect compliment to the amazing chips) to drizzle on my salad, ultimately turning it into taco soup in a shell.I'm pretty sure the chimighungas went over rather well, as I only got a tiny bite.Our waiter was perfect, and had just the right amount of sarcasm.  I appreciate customer service people who don't think their towels are made from unicorn hair or stop to admire all the bubbles in the dishwasher.Bottom line is I'd go on a date here again, or I think we should make a DYL of it.  Neither will probably happen, however
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2010,9/30/2010,606,219,14,15,15>My boyfriend is very good at sniffing out places with impressive beer lists and rave reviews. The Trappist absolutely has both. We managed to just barely squeeze thru the doors around 10:30pm on Saturday night. We had plenty of time to look around and take in the scenery while we waited to put in our drink order. The first thing that stood out was a huge moose head over one of the tables near the door (see picture). It seems like every bar I go into lately has this same hunting lodge chic feel. I think the intended style was Beligium barroom classy. Hard to tell though because the place was packed like sardines with nothing but skinny pants, bushy beards, and hip hippie chicks. Absolutely only hipsters and the two of us. Trust me I looked ;-) I'm not a fan of the hipster dress code, not enough color and too many patterns. So no eye candy- bummer. Although they are super fun to party with! I really like how the entire bar is shapped like a horse shoe. You can literally walk around in circles. Plus there is a bar at either end of the "shoe".When it was our turn to order (you actually stood in line and ordered from a cashier or host stand instead of having to squeeze into the bar because half of the 100 beers The Trappist sells are behind one bar, the rest behind a second bar far far away) Nate got a Triple Karmeliet- a blond ale, and I ordered a St Bernardus- a brown ale. $8 each and neither beer had more then 10-12 ounces. Although Nate's was the "weaker" of the two at 8% alcohol. I'm not sure I like this knew style of serving stronger ales (beers- but over 5% you aren't supposed to call them beers but ale still sounds pretentious to me). It took another 6 minutes to get our drinks cuz both our beers came from the second bar.We finally found a place at the middle of the horse shoe to sit. Get this- at old fashioned wooden school desks. You know the ones where the desk is actually attached to the chair by an arm rest on one side. Cool. But woulda prefered a couch or table =(My beer was very good. Nate's was better! Way better. Blond belgiums are my new love affair. I'm not used to such strong beer tasting so smooth. Ok because it's an ale not a beer. Blah blah blah.I can't wait to go back and try more of the Ales. But I have no intention of ever doing so again on a weekend night. This seems like a spot you want to go on a Thursday or Sunday night. It would be nice to be able to talk to the bartenders about the beers and maybe do some sampling. I hear there is a taco Tuesday each week that they do as a joint effort with the Mexican spot next door so maybe we'll try that.
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,9/29/2010,133,165,14,15,14>"Ting-A-Ling A Ling, Dancehall It Swing, DJ Dem Stock Up Eena Pure Boom RiddimTing-A-Ling A Ling, Schoolbell A Ring, Knife And Fork I Fight Fi Dumplin.Booyaka Booyaka Fi Shabba Rankin"Is all that came to mind as I thwarted a Gnocchi with Gorgonzola Cream Sauce hijacking attempt, made by none other than my sweet little Italian mother.  The nerve.It takes quite a bit to illicit Dutty Shabba, with dance et al (oh yes, I did The Pepperseed).  From someone raised by real Guinea's (F.O.B. Italians), this is the real deal.  Every plate we ordered was delicious, even their house made Cesar dressing was amazing.  Save room for dessert because their Rum (very rich) and Flourless Chocolate Cake are both earth shattering.The ambiance was fitting of the Laurel District: diverse, friendly and welcoming.  The service was a great accompaniment to that ambiance.Note: my mother spent 15 minutes arguing with the chef over their failure to mention that they serve family style.  She couldn't seem to grasp that they don't actually serve family style, the servings are massive.One star ding:  I wasn't crazy about the Focaccia bread.  I think some warm Ciabatta or Rustic Sourdough would have been great, maybe even some Artisan Olive?
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2009,9/28/2010,1948,4780,20,27,29>American Idiot closes on November 15 and I wanted to see it again with my son before this production headed off to greater national fame. With innovative staging, a thin story line to follow, familiar and catchy music, and at only 90 minutes long, this was a great way to provide another introduction into the Theater for my teenage son.  On that note and in hindsight, I should have also taken him to see the previous Ashland productions of Midsummer's Night Dream and the Music Man.I first saw American Idiot with Gayle during the Previews in September, and in the Balcony.  Sunday's version was seen from the very front row (AA) and was in some ways a different play.  The story and staging seemed tighter and more coherent, while certain scenes, sequences, and music had been altered and improved.  The only thing I didn't like about sitting up front is that it made the music sound a little tinny and less full.  Otherwise, you saw a lot of sweat, spit, and paper (souvenir) flying around and witnessed "up close and personal" how much work these professionals put into their craft.My son really enjoyed the play, although this father was a little squeamish about the drug scenes.  I also concentrated on different aspects of American Idiot than I did the first time.  Again, I couldn't keep my eye off the acting, stage presence, and vocals (best of show) of the St. Jimmy character.  At one point, I thought there was a little Tim Curry/Rocky Horror going on and half expected a little "action" with Johnny to be thrown in.  I also enjoyed the "military" scenes and Tunny's overall performance a lot more, especially Fortunate Son (the best recruitment number since "In the Navy"), Give Me Novocaine, Before the Lobotomy, 21 Guns, and of course the soaring Extraordinary Girl.At the end, the Cast did a neat curtain call, with guitars all in hand.  It was something unpredictable, but in the end is right, I hope we had the time of our lives....Thank You Berkeley Rep.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,9/27/2010,2712,383,20,31,26>At the break of dawn I started my forty five minute drive from home to Emeryville Sport Fishing. When I got there I met up with a long time good friend of mine Al. I also had a chance to meet the rest of the fishing crew including the captain and the deckhand on board the 56' "New Huck Finn". yelp.com/biz_photos/vdkA…Everyone seemed to know each other and obviously this was not their first time out. I was pretty excited to say the least as it was my first time to actually fish on a boat. The last time I've gone was well over ten years ago but only as a spectator. The weather was fair it wasn't as cold as I expected. We left dock at around a quarter to six and headed towards the vicinity of the Farallon Islands for some Rock Cod action. It was roughly a two hour trip... On the way, I've gotten a chance to unwind, relax and eat. At times the waters were unforgiving, rough and rocked the boat like a hammock gone wild but eventually all that came to pass as I took in the breathtaking views and the magnificent beauty that surrounded us. We saw a couple of whales, a seal, a huge jellyfish and a shark with its fin tracing out of the water (OMG - I thought of Jaws) which was pretty cool! When we reached our first fishing spot "Captain" Jay stopped the engines and everyone took up their positions and baited up except for me. I stood starboard in front of my rented fishing pole staring out into the sea like a dummy waiting for something to happen. I guess the term for this newbie syndrome would be known more appropriately as the "Greenhorn". Yup, that was me and I'm not embarrassed to say it. At first I felt a little intimated but I figured nah these guys were greenhorns too at one point I'm sure. Soon enough our deckhand Dave came around and hooked me up with live anchovies bait and I was ready to go fishin'. He gave me some helpful tips on what to do to and what to expect. We were in deep waters roughly about 180 feet so the idea was to let the sinker hit the bottom then crank up on the reel about ten to fifteen notches and wait for a bite. Right off the bat after about 30 seconds I got a bite on both hooks! I reeled in two good sized Rock Cods yay! I caught more fish along the way and some were keepers and others not. The action was pretty cool I think! The next spot we hit I caught a good sized Ling Cod. It weighed in just a shade under 9 lbs. I was so amp'd!  media4.px.yelpcdn.com/ph…Besides Cod, some folks caught Sand Dabs (which was later used for live bait), Halibut and the largest catch of the day was a Striped Bass that came in at 14 lbs. yikes! On the way back I talked to a few regulars and they said they've seen better days out there with the catch. I felt it was a pretty good day for me. I believe everyone got their limit but most of all no one got skunked. The New Huck Finn is one of nine fleets operated under the Emeryville Sport Fishing umbrella. Everything you need to know including rates and what to bring is available on their website: emeryvillesportfishing.c…. After almost a twelve hour gig, I truly had a blast and will definitely be back on board the New Huck Finn to fish another day! Just a few quick tips for future Greenhorns: a. You need a fishing license (for 14 bucks you can get a day pass on-site). b. Wear warm clothes with a hood and waterproof footwear. c. Pack extra clothes, lunch, snacks and water/drinks. d. Bring a cap, shades and sunscreen. e. Bring large zip-lock bags and a good sized cooler packed with ice.f. If you start to feel sea sick ask for help. g. Tip the deckhand. You may wanna bring a pair of binoculars for a closer look at the scenery and a camera to capture all of your fishy moments. I think the one most important obvious tip overlooked by most is to approach your fishing trip like you're about to walk in to a casino. If you win and win big - that's super! If you come out even or empty handed well hopefully you had fun. Remember that there are only two things guaranteed in life and sorry to say fish ain't one of em'! Special thanks to our deckhand "Dave" - I couldn't have reached my limit without his help, patience and skills (he didn't assume everyone aboard was an expert fisherman!) and to captain "Jay" for the hot spots. And last but not least to my buddy Al for turning me on to sport fishing.Got fish?...
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2009,9/26/2010,537,103,8,8,9>My lil bro had been raving about this place for a while.  A couple of Thursdays ago, we finally made it to Le Moose Crepe Cafe. Did it live up to the hype? Well, we went back Friday night and again on Saturday.  The three crepe entrees we tried were the Chicken Pesto, Thai Chicken w/ curry and Buddies (shrimp and lobster).  All three of them rocked!  I'd have to rank the two chicken crepes 1 and 2 (or 1a and 1b) with the Buddies as a close no. 3.The entrees also come with your choice of fruit, green or pasta salad.  Also, if you're in the mood for a smoothie, they'll hook you up with a large fruit smoothie for only $4.95.  BTW, we did try to go back on Sunday but we forgot that they close early (3:30 pm) on Sundays.
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2010,9/24/2010,610,620,13,12,14>We took our 16yr old to dollar day. She is a huge fan.  She follows horse racing, has quite the collection of Breyers and watches every episode of the reality television show. Did you even know there was a reality television show about jockeys?  Me neither. The minute we pulled into the parking lot ($1 parking - so awesome!), she was bouncing around and raring to go.  She practically ran to the gate.  We arrived a bit after 11:00. I had never been to the horse races and I'm not a big gambler. It took us awhile to realize that if we were going to place any type of bet, we really needed to purchase a program.  Again, on dollar day - programs are just a buck!We visited the newcomer's table, which is very informative. We bought some wood tokens and grabbed a couple of dollar beers, dogs and sodas.  When they brought the first field of horses in to the staging area, my daughter was front and center.  She turned to me, pointed to one of the horses and said, "That one." I began to explain the difference of win, place or show and she stopped me short and chirped back quickly, "place."I put $5 and I'll be darned if the horse she chose came in 2nd.  This began a cycle of sorts, she would run down to staging, pick a horse and then we would find a comfortable spot to cheer them on together.Let's just say, the girl has a knack.  7 out of the 8 races we stayed for, she picked a winner. She also pointed out a horse and told me that something was wrong with it. Two minutes prior to post, it scratched.  I had something of a twilight moment there. Seeing the joy on her face, feeling the rush of the adrenaline as they rounded the last turn and the high fives that ensued = priceless. She had a huge grin on her face the whole time. That grin multiplied x10, when the bugler played the Star Wars theme song before one of the races.For under $20, the 3 of us had a wonderful day.  I can't remember the last time the 3 of us did anything for under $20! The restrooms were nice and clean. The only real drag was the amount of people smoking....everywhere.  It was tough to avoid it.  Now that I know the ropes, I would plan to arrive at noon next time.  That's plenty of time to grab some grub, place a bet and settle in for the first race.Now, her biggest question is, "When can we go back?"
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2009,9/23/2010,351,622,13,12,12>A French maid and a dominatrix walk into Sidebar on a Saturday night...A friend and I dined at Sidebar all dressed for Rocky Horror at Grand Lake.  We took off our coats to reveal her French maid costume and my fishnets and riding crop.  No one asked any immediate questions. We split a bottle of bubbly and a few small plates (a cheese panini, a trio of deviled eggs and baked cauliflower).  I drank a late harvest white wine for dessert.  My friend had coffee and something with ice cream.Our bartenders didn't know what to make of us.  They asked to be spanked with my crop.  Two other patrons also made inquiries.  Everyone had a great time, especially the bartenders!  We left a generous tip.Sidebar is a fun place, especially for small groups.  I have had a pleasant solo dining experience too.  Sidecar features an innovative cocktail selection and an elegant wine list.  Prices are steep, but not the worst around.
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2010,9/22/2010,700,420,14,18,15>This place is beautiful!! I was here for a charity event, City of Hope fundraiser and it was held in the Clubhouse at the Castlewood County Club. I sooo wanted to take pictures for the review but my GF was so embarrassed and said, "Dude, I can't take you anywhere without you taking pictures of everything! Put it down, this is a classy place!" LOL, she wins. (Man, I should have sneaked out and took pictures anyways!)The golf course was so beautiful! I felt like I was looking at a postcard or something---Lush landscaping, manicured trees, grass is perfectly cut, picture perfect palm trees, Olympic-Size pool, huge tennis courts, and more...Truly an opulent lifestyle! I could also picture this Country Club as a great wedding venue. If my wedding was held in the East Bay, I would consider this place.Even though I'm a novice in golf, I would love to play at this course. I am impressed with the outdoor setting. I truly can't wait to go back and practice golf here!PS: The road to this place is really narrow and windy and there's barely lighting at night, so be careful especially if you've been drinking--definitely a bad combination. I highly encourage a DD if you're planning on drinking all day when you play golf or go to an event with loads of free alcohol!
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2010,9/21/2010,338,1028,12,16,11>In the word of my good friend Candice, when commenting on the increasing noise volume during our visit..."sorry, my 30 is showing."  We are probably not the target audience for this new Walnut Creek hot spot (i.e. we are 30 and taken) but I did very much enjoy our happy hour time here. Their grand opening specials include $5 signature cocktails and $1 oysters.  I enjoyed the "kentucky's best" and the "jalisco sunset".  Neither my friend nor I are big on sweet drinks so the waitress suggested getting the jalisco sunset with half the honey syrup.  It was perfect!  The bartender brought my friend's drink over since she arrived after my honey and I had already ordered our drinks and he waited until we all took a sip and got our feedback before walking away.  I thought that was nice and I was glad that I could give him a thumbs up on his concoctions.  We ordered two pizzas - the one with goat cheese and tomatoes and the one with prosciutto.  Both were really tasty on super thin, crispy crust.  They offer a drizzle of peppered olive oil on top and, since we are not the type of people to pass up some extra spice, we opted in.  I thought it was a nice touch.  Our waitress was nice and answered our random questions such as "so is the name of this place pronounced re-ducks or re-do?"*  I hope this business fairs better than the many other dance club reincarnates housed at this location.  They have a huge space in the back just itching for some sweet dance moves, some couple and group tables in the front and some two person seating on the patio outside. You probably won't find me here with the post 8 pm crowd but I would definitely return for post-work drinks and snacks with friends.  *Turns out the staff had the same question when they were first preparing to open.  It is pronounced "re-ducks".
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2010,9/20/2010,178,382,21,16,16>One dumpling, two dumplings,three dumplings, four!One second they're there,the next second, no more!Doesn't really matter if you use chopsticks or forks.Just don't waste time devouring this great ball of pork.There's chicken and beef or whatever you please,but I like to stick to traditional Chinese.Six xiao long baos stuffed with heartwarming soup,these little suckers will make you go poop.Taking one wrong bite will result in a big hot mess.If you wanna stay clean, you must chow down with finesse.With homemade chili sauce and vinegar on the side,after one lick of spiciness, I wanted to cry.The food was so damn good, I didn't want to stop.However, if I didn't, my belly would've popped.Thank you House of Dumplings, for making my day!One step through the door and you'll be prepared to stay.2 thumbs up, plus a toe! You totally rock!Get off your fat arse, and come check out this spot.- - - - -Don't hesitate in heading over to this family-owned hole in the wall establishment. It's seriously mouth-watering delicious! The food is cheap, the service is quick, and portions are huge. There's really nothing to complain about. Other honorable mentions: crispy chicken wings (cooked w/ some sort of honey glaze), beef noodle soup, & a dozen pork dumplings w/ Napa cabbage for $6-7 per dish. They're going to know me by name pretty soon.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2010,9/19/2010,575,224,22,24,22>Quien es mas macho? Chef/Owner and Catalan native Daniel Olivella. So when Chef Olivella heard that Oakland is seriously in short supply of great tapas restaurants, he created Barlata a little over a year ago to save us. Barlata is so distinctly Iberian that the moment I set foot inside, I instantly was able to do the tango and began walking backwards towards my seat while staring deep into the eyes of my host, while grabbing the nearest flower from a pot with my teeth.Barlata, Que una dama bonita! With any tapas meal, I always start with the fried potatoes, affectionately known as Patatas Bravas, that come with a dollop of spicy tomato sauce and allioli media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp… . How deliciously simple this is and a wonderful pequeno starter to moisten the appetite.Our party moved on to the 5 hour braised Ox Tail with red wine sauce media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp… . Mi Amor, this dish is so good, if I had my way I would eat it until I died. And not the "Oh My God, if I don't get invited to prom, I'm going to die" kind of die, I mean until I keeled over from a fucking heart attack type of die. Need I say more?After the ox tail, out came the Octopus, or Pulpo, slow cooked with adobo oil media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp… I'm not even sure what adobo oil is, but I wasn't saying "why me" like Nancy Kerrigan as I shoveled this down my gullet like a pelican swallows fish. This is seriously good grub.We then shared the white shrimp with garlic and olive oil, known traditionally as Gambas Ajillo media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp…  . This is typical Spanish fare and every bit as oily and juicy as it looks. The garlic jumps out at your taste buds and you quickly forget any desire to make out afterwards in favor of savoring the flavor now.Our last savory dish was the Arros Negre, a Valencian and Catalonian dish made with squid, rice, squid ink, and shrimp, and served with allioli media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp… If you're a fan of squid ink like myself, you cannot skip this dish. The distinct sour taste of the ink coupled with the tender chewy squid and rice bursting with taste is enough to convert any squeamish newbie to a seafood lover.We ended our meal with a plate of sweets which included almond anise churros, chocolate dipped orange peels, salty peanut bark, espresso cinnamon truffles, and galletas borrachas, which as far as I could Google, seem to be some magically delicious cookie thing that is better at creating happiness than any anti-depressant pill. Eat this media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp…, big pharms. Aye, Mi florecilla del desierto ...  Your tapas has the ability to revert me to Spanish mode faster than Buzz Lightyear in Toy Story 3. I must give you deservedly high marks for your mucho excelente selection. Not only are the tapas portions sensible, the service is wonderful, prices reasonable, and you take me as close to the Iberian Peninsula without having to get on a plane.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2010,9/17/2010,166,140,10,13,8>I think Satomi should just go all the way to one side (the party side) and make this a sake bomb and flaming gimmick roll restaurant.  That was the best part of the night.  A friend ordered the Flaming Dragon which was fun, but the rest of us had to wait quite awhile for our rolls.  I should have gotten the Lucky 7 roll but I just couldn't bring myself to pay $13.95 for one roll.  That's like 14 tacos at Taco Bell.  BF got the Chirashi ($17.95) and he loved it.  I tried some of the sashimi and it was really delicious.  Split 2 bottles large Sapporo with everybody and 4-6 sakes + Carmen roll = $20.  Pricey, but lots of fun for a Wednesday 99 cent sake night :)
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2010,9/16/2010,748,1049,7,13,11>Yesterday, I spent one solid hour in an acupressure-induced bliss, for a grand total of $19!My husband went here last week and came back raving -- so I grilled him:Is it gross? (no)Is it a cover for a whorehouse? (no)Is it clean? (yes) So yesterday he dropped me off there and I just walked in with no appointment and had a very wonderful memorable massage. I got the $19 special, which is some VERY INTENSE reflexology (meaning, it hurts a little bit) and a head and scalp massage, shoulder, arm and back massage.You are in a big, softly lit communal room laying on a big soft massage chair, and they soak your feet in hot water before doing the massage.They did have a TV on, showing Mandarin historical soap operas, and I asked them to turn it off and they did, cheerfully.While I was there a wide variety of clients came in and out, of all races and ages. At one point a couple even brought in their 3-year-old (I thought that was inappropriate only because she was a TALKER and would not shut up while the rest of us were there to mellow out).I mean, I wouldn't bring my 5-year-old here, for the same reason.But you know, actually it says a lot that a massage place is so wholesome and family-oriented in the first place that a 3-year-old and her parents felt perfectly comfortable there!I can't wait to go back. My husband and I will splurge for the $45 one-hour VIP massage, which is in a private room and includes a sauna and shower. By the way, my masseur's name was "Henry" and he is very good, very strong, if you like that kind of massage.
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,9/14/2010,187,301,14,15,11>BEST vegetarian sandwich I've EVER had. Period. First off, they call their sandwiches "sandos." I still call 'em "sammiches" (as in, "Git in that kitchen and make me a sammich, woman!"). But I refuse to order them as such. Sorry, I'm still calling it a sandwich in public.Second, the cafe's décor matches the cutesiness of the word "sando." Super clean and they have free wi-fi. Third, the Grilled Veggie sando is heaven. Grilled eggplant AND portobello mushrooms (they're not sheisty with the primo veggies), roasted red peppers, lettuce, cucumber, tomato, and pepper jack on toasted whole wheat! This is a lumberjack meal for a vegetarian!Fourth, why don't I work within walking distance of this place?!? If I've sold you on the amazingness that is Covent Garden, please take my car-less and, more importantly, hungry butt with you! Thanks!Sidenote: Most of their breakfast items are served with a scoop of ice cream! ICE CREAM. FOR BREAKFAST. IN PUBLIC. Is a new era dawning upon us? A world where a girl does not have to burrow herself away, for fear of public jeers, in her hovel whilst inhaling ice cream and cake for breakfast? Probably not, but this could be a start!
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2010,9/13/2010,576,2303,13,10,13>Simply unbelievable----this Yelp review has escaped me... slipping through my little Asian fingers....and yet, I'm such a genuine fan...and have come dozens and dozens of times, living so close-by (lucky me... and lucky for YOU, East Bay peeps/Yeeps!). Did you know about the 'new' parking lot sorta/kinda behind the donut shop that one can now utilize?! That's the best news yet....QualityA+++++ qualityThis "KEWWWWW" word sums up Japanese philosophy for me. Honestly.And here is where I always come with all inhibitions tossed to the wind about the total bill when I want some great, fresh sashimi for my tums (see, my tums and I... we be tight like that and go back.... waaaay back).I've tried octopus, maguro, meager poundage of other more expensive  seafood...but I've always been so happy to come when I have an inherent guarantee for my culinary aquarian adventures.I also like to, Zen-like, quietly walk up and down the aisles and pretend that I can understand the Kanji and the Katagana (or is it Hira?).... I can recognize some words...  and again, pretend that I know how to use that beguiling product for my Asian kitchen.. sighhH. I've resorted to asking my beautiful Japanese coworker to meet me up here instead, and, snapping me back to reality, deconstruct and demystify it all for me, while I very ungracefully whip out a post-it pad or spiral mini-book to learn, like Jaden did from Jackie.Wake up, silly girl!!! Snap out of it!!! You don't know, OK?... and when you do know (from assist of beautiful Japanese friend)... you will know just how much you don't know!!!!I languish without food.... I think it's time for some tea and sponge cake (last meal was fish taco at 1430; my brain seems to have temporarily short-circuited).PS Oh! Almost forgot about the tip: Christine's Upper Crust pies are sold here, as are Musashi's onigiri and bentos, and so is taro pancake batter (powder)...ahem, DL!!! taro freak.PPS fyi: Tokyo FM: Marukai as tree shrew: elephant as wasabi pea:walnut
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2010,9/12/2010,330,444,14,17,15>I biked the short distance from the Lake Merritt BART station to the wine bar, which has 3 nice racks right out front, and locked up for a little solo-post work unwinding. Super sweet staff. Smallish space. Most of their wine list is New World, so I ordered a Paso Petite Syrah/Syrah. It was pretty simple, tasty, and a generous pour.  I sat and washed down my goat cheese-stuffed prunes with the wine.  Very Nice. I look forward to coming here again over glasses of wine and small plates with vegetarians and meat lovers alike to mull over what the future of Oakland might be. I'm excited about this place, after finishing my drink I rushed home to tell all Vegans I know (one) about the cozy, mod wine bar in Jack London Square!
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/22/2010,9/11/2010,126,1452,29,23,25>I may not be Mexican and neither is my husband.  But this little baby growing inside thinks its Mexican and it wants to eat Mexican food all of the time.Not a specific item but just Mexican food in general.  Beans, rice, salsa, tortillas and most of all Guacamole.I do remember the food being better but maybe I have a more refined pallet now than I did before when I lived at home with my parents in Brentwood. (circa 2003)They started a new thing by putting a bowl of Refried Beans down to eat along with your chips and salsa. If you wanted to know the way to my heart and how to make an unborn baby happy, its put a bowl of homemade refried beans in front of me.My usual go to item is the Wet Burrito.  A very large burrito that I get with chicken.  It also includes rice, beans and a side of Guacamole, Sour Cream, and Fresh Salsa.  With yummy fresh Cilantro pieces.The Chicken was flavorless. While there was a plentiful amount of chicken in the burrito it needs some seasoning.  The wet sauce is surprisingly good.  I honestly cant tell if its canned or not.I could only eat half of the giant thing and took it home for breakfast the next day.  You know baby was happy about that.Service is fast and the restaurant is spacious.  They also have a full bar.  So if you're ever in the area and want some OK Mexican food, call me because I'm hungry and want to go with you.
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2010,9/10/2010,331,587,16,16,10>Summertime colds are truly terrible.You spend a ton at evil walgreens on sudafed, take precious days off from work that should be reserved for summer revelry, and instead sit at home amongst a sea of nasty tissues watching True Blood, go to doctor who can't help but prescribes a nasal spray since you came all the way, then you go the natural route via neti pot and some overpriced sucrose tablet things.You know you really need help when you start blowing your nose on your Burberry bikini.Stop all the madness and order the kimchi jiggae at Pyung Chang.  It is a tonic for all that ails you.  Banchan are fine, but the spiciness of the soup zapped all that nonsense from my sinuses and I was bikini clad within a day (after washing the snot off, of course.)Strange swiss ski lodge decor may remind you of a sanitorium, but you'll be on the mend in no time.
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2010,9/9/2010,513,243,18,25,22>I was pleasantly surprised when my friend Ms. KD offered to take me here for dinner for my birthday! I couldn't refuse! I wasn't expecting to be blown away by the place and was caught off guard when I saw how beautiful the decor was!We ordered a bunch of yakitori skewers, sashimi pieces and nigiri including a monk fish liver which was really tasty! The bartender was on top of things as well and made our dinner more pleasant! Not to mention, she was pretty cute. LOL!Thank you KD! I have the most awesome friends ever!
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2010,9/8/2010,184,198,13,14,14>I can't believe this place has been sitting here, a block from my new work, in an area to which we go all the time for food.  Just happened that I was looking for a place to go with my ex-boss, who is from Latin America.  I suggested it, he'd been wanted to try it too.I'm no expert on Salvadoran cuisine - is it PLATano, or PlaTANo?, and all I'd really had before were a couple of puPUsas and PLANtains.  From my meager experience, I found the puPUSas excellent - I had the CHIcharONes (pork) one, and one with "Salvadoran Vegetable & Cheese".  I think the "vegetable" was YUCca (not to be confused with "yuck!-a". The two puPUSas were part of a lunch special which also featured an AvoCAdo salad, which was fanTAStic!  Great dressing, very fresh greens, and lots of avoCAdo.My dining companion had the TROPical salad, which looked amazing: fat grilled prawns, MANgo, more fresh greens - I was just a bit jealous.  A yummy, only slightly spicy "hot" tomato-y sauce came along with, and a shredded cabbage - my ex-boss showed me that both of those went on the puPUsas.  There were lots of other things I wanted to try..to bad my STOmach just wasn't big enough. Reasonable prices, too.   I'm going back for the PLAtanos..PlaTANos?
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,9/7/2010,1205,283,28,33,33>I never thought in a million years that I could (brace yourself) adore, crave, and put in the top of my list of Mexican spots a Vegan Mexican Food spot. Yes folks I have madly fallen in love with a Vegan Mexican spot that serves anything above amazing Pozole, Taquitos, Soft Tacos, Elotes, Frijoles, and Horchata.  Me and the lady are currently not eating meat and well if you know us you know that there are 3 things we believe one should never have to sacrifice and live without: Mexican Food, Adult Beverages, and beautiful women.  So with the current "No eating meat" we decided lets check out Flacos to see if they can save the Mexican day.Ordered a little of everything, and they where already out of the tamales en hojas de maiz so we didn't try that.  The taquitos had a pimp crunch, a crunch I have missed since my LA days.  No sogginess, and the yellow corn tortillas added extra flavor.  Them taquitos go hard boo, and my lady approved so Flacos is so far running an A game.  Soft Taco filled with plenty potatoes and marinated in a great sauce, and topped with that "WTF this is so good Avocado Salsa" you will want to run and yell about how good Flacos is.  The Elote must have been injected with some Corn God fluids because this Elote had my lady munching non stop and me praying thank you's that Antonio the owner brought us an extra free one.  I'm still not done with all the smack either, Pozole was more than I imagined and the best pozole I have tasted outside of my lady's kitchen.  The pozole tasted like chiles roasted all day, and all sorts of flavors uniting to transport you to a traditional plate straight from its roots.  The Frijoles where moist, tasty, and definitely grabbing some chips for.  Wash it all down with an Horchata because this Horchata is made from scratch and the way its suppose to be made, not all powder milk, and ice.Flacos did things to me most places don't.  They brought game that most places haven't even thought of.  Flacos is gangster in my book, at the top of Mexican spots being the OG in the followers that will emerge.  Flacos Por Vida!!!!!
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,9/6/2010,1020,575,26,24,25>Yesterday, I pretty much had one of my busiest days ever. Woke up at 5am to study for an exam I had later that day. Then after an hour commute coming home from my exam, I had a wedding rehearsal that lasted an hour an a half. Somewhere between the hours of 10am-8pm, I had "forgotten" to eat. Bad habit, I know. But being a busy bee for the entire day, the thought of food was lost on the radar. Lovie wanted to hit up Vic Stewarts for a steak, but they were having a private function going on. So I said, "Let's eat at Digger's across the street. I don't care."At this point, I was seeing stars, getting sleepy, shaky. I call it my zombie self. This has probably have been the lowest my blood sugar levels have dipped. With a concerned look on his face, he asked the waitress on the spot for a large regular Coke. With a few ginormous gulps, I was gaining my normal self again.Ordered a turkey burger on whole wheat  bun with sweet potato fries. Loves ordered a chicken caesar salad, all of which were very good and just what I needed. A good, but fast meal. And a lesson hard learned: pack snacks!
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2010,9/5/2010,1137,482,15,18,16>Today I saw a bumper sticker that made me laugh pretty hard.  In the spirit of all those cheesy NorCal decals out there, I guess people out here in the 925 decided to represent and start making stickers saying "CoCo County" in a very aggressive-style script.  It took me a second, but I realized quickly CoCo stands for Contra Costa...hilarious!  For some reason, visions of George Constanza being dubbed CoCo the gorilla still is the first thing that jumps into my mind.Okay sorry for the digression...but as far as CoCo County dining is concerned, I would have to say that The Peasant and the Pear is definitely a gem of a place.Checked it out for a nice dinner.  Started out with their house cocktail, the Pear-tini...good stuff.  It's like a spiced pear cider with some kick to it.  For appetizers, tried the fondue and the pear quesadilla.  Both were quite tasty.  We particularly found the cheese dip in the fondue nice & smoky in flavor.  For entrees, sampled the wild mushroom stuffed cannelonis and the bleu cheese, pear pizza.  Both of these were rich and tres delish.  I do have to admit that I felt like we might of slightly went overboard with the whole pear theme...but I figured that given the name of the place, why not right?Word of advice though on ordering.  If you get one of their pizzas (especially the pear pizza), you probably should avoid the pear quesadilla as an appetizer...way too similar.As much as I was enticed by the Black Cherry Creme Brulee and the Bananas Foster Bread Pudding, we were totally way too stuffed for that...next time for sure though...that's a personal promise I made to my sweet tooth.
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2010,9/4/2010,261,512,12,18,15>About a month ago, I rescued a knife from my parents knife drawer. It's a beautiful, heavy weight, wood handle 7 inch Shogun Santoku knife that they got for their wedding 28 years ago. Because they don't cook, they don't know how to take care of their knives. It was as dull as a damn butter knife and since I didn't own a stone, I had to take it to Hida to have it sharpened.Hida specializes in Japanese knives and garden tools. They are very helpful and well informed about the products and their uses. They will even show you how to properly use all the equipment.They have a gorgeous selection of knives, water stones and imported Japanese slicers. I don't know much about gardening, but I'm sure their tools are great too. I was able to drop off my knife on Monday and pick it up on Wednesday (and that's only because their sharpener was on vacation)The only problem with Hida is the price. Their knives and stones are quite expensive, but there is no denying the quality of products they offer. They also charge $6 to sharpen a large kitchen knife (which is about twice as much as some places) but this knife now cuts paper thin slices of tomato with ease and goes through carrots like butter.If you have any knives in horrible condition, take them to Hida to get repaired. They'll do a fantastic job.
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2009,9/3/2010,301,336,20,23,22>What is it about a really good sandwich that holds such a special place in the hearts of men?Is it the fact that dear old mom made us some seriously bad-ass peanut butter and jelly or bologna and American cheese sandwiches as a kid?  Is it memories of living on sandwiches in college?  Is it related to that whole 'sandwich after sex' thing?The world may never know.What the world should know, however, is the fact that Bakesale Betty, hands-down, makes what is probably the first-rate, first-class, gilt-edged, five-star, top-notch, great-tasting fried chicken sandwich imaginable.  I know, I know, you're thinking what kind of sandwich can POSSIBLY make Anthony S. use so many hyphenated words?  Well let me tell you.  Soft white Acme torpedo rolls cradling a tangy, mustardy coleslaw punctuated with jalapeno peppers and two crispy, spicy buttermilk fried chicken breasts.  It is quite possibly the world's most perfect food.  Match it with a tart lemon ice and a cookie and you've got a meal that may kill a small horse.  Not that dying after a meal of this caliber would be bad or anything...Spending twenty minutes or so sitting on stools at an ironing board table watching life go by on Telegraph Avenue while inhaling this meal is pretty cool in itself.  Don't stand between a man and his sandwich.
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2010,9/2/2010,424,1322,23,23,21>By pure happenstance, I ended up picking dinner up from here last week after my daughter's orthodontist appointment. Here is the breakdown:super nice ownersgreat pulled porkgood chickendecent ribsnice bbq sauce (mild)daughter loved the spicy sauce called "Oh Hell No"and finally great banana bread (girl kind=no nuts) which reminded me of Maui! -They do not have brisket which is a disappointment but maybe they will in the future. It is not fancy dining-more for a quick lunch or for take out. We liked it better than our recent experience at Phat Matt's and the last few times we have had Bo's it has gone way downhill. Is this the epitome of BBQ-(oh hell no), but it is tasty and good.We will be back and I hope they make it in this location tucked next to Boudin.
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2010,9/1/2010,1429,411,23,32,27>Is it possible that the SF Bay Area is home to the greatest ice cream shops in the world? Between SF and the East Bay, It seems like every few weeks I'm throwing up another 5 stars to an ice cream shop with innovative and delicious flavors and style! Guess what guys- Tara's Organic Ice Cream in Berkeley is a hit.According to Tara's Organic Ice Cream website, "Tara originated as a Hindu goddess, the Mother Creator, representing the eternal life force that fuels all life." If by fuel they mean Ice Cream, then yes- I agree. The ice cream they serve should be enough to keep the 'eternal life force' of thousands of Berkeley students pumping.I mean really- Orange Cashew? Who even does that? Who even THINKS about doing that as a flavor? It's delicious! So Delicious! A hands down 5 star flavor for me!And Turkish Coffee? Another delicious selections that is powerful and full of flavor. Like many 5 star Ice Cream shops- there will be a line and a short wait... Small cones are $3.60, Medium cones are 5.35. They serve other fine items here like smoothies and root beer floats. They also do cakes- and if you're a real fan, you can get it shipped to you across the country by ordering online... (and if you really want some trash talk, Tara's is wayyy better then Ici's up the street! Way way better imo!)Time to go fuel my eternal life force- See you at Tara's!
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2010,8/31/2010,80,175,23,17,19>As a cheap drunk (and let me make it clear--I mean that I get drunk *on* the cheap, not that it's cheap to get me drunk; you should never put me on your open tab), I like a bar that offers cheap drinks.Lucky 13's not really that bar.Ordinarily, $5 pints and $5 wells earn, from me, a couple of disdainful snorts, and a one-to-two-star deduction.Lucky 13's a little different.I don't know the bar's history, but the space is just plain perfect.  It's like a Mr. Potato Head of environments; you've got the long bar with stools (and the coat hooks under the bar, where you'd ordinarily expect fossilized chewing gum) and the brass rail for your shod tootsies; then, across from the bar, you've got the elevated tables you can belly up to on your stools; then, there's the back, with the pool table and the pinball machines; finally, beyond the Black Light gauntlet (hello, my black wool pea coat is apparently afflicted with a pestilence of lint!), there's the expansive outdoor area.Loooong tables with benches, a bar (sans drinks, sadly), heat lamps, and of course, ash trays, if your druthers include sucking down them thar cancer sticks.Just like California wine country, Lucky 13 has microclimates.AND their beer selection, while not as expansive as some, has nothing but the best of the tried & true (New Castle on tap? I give you my ring) and the best of the up & coming (Pliny the Elder? Lost Coast's Great White? Fuck Yeah--Eureka, what what!?!).  It's lovely to visit a non-specialty bar that nonetheless serves up the good shit.$5 for these drinks, tho?  That hurts.Still... I've been here maybe 15 times over the past couple of years.  Early afternoons on the weekend, late evening during the week, and Lucky 13 offers something special--that is, bartenders who josh and gibe with you.They're busy, they don't know who the *fuck* you are, you're ordering your first drink (so they have no idea whether or not you're a good tipper), and every time, I've been treated not with "respect" or "deference," but with casual familiarity.Good people.I'm not happy about the $5 pints/drinks.HOWEVER.It's a great bar.  One of my faves.  Certainly, it's my go-to spot when Allie K and I roll out in Alameda (I almost said "roll 'deep'," but when it's just the two of us, I think it's misleading to call that "deep).I like the place, frankly!
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2010,8/30/2010,587,806,21,21,21>I thought I would never lay taste buds again upon those soft serve ice creams with the creamy syrup swirls....You know the little stand's they have at fairs and places like Santa Cruz that serve the soft serve ice cream with the creamy caramel/starawberry/butterschotch flavor swirls through them? Well my dreams have come true, they have such a place here in Brentwood!So of course after finding that out, I had to haul my butt over like an excited little kid going to the fair to get my fix on.So, with a name like Scrumdillyumptious I was kind of hoping to walk into something similar to a scene out of Willy Wonka and the chocolate factory....nothing close.... just a cute family shop, small, with only a minimal amount of seating with walls adorned with pictures of local kids baseball and soccer teams.A nice young high school girl helped me this day. I had a few samples of the yogurt flavors such as caramel and vanilla which were ok, however, my taste buds were set on the swirly goodness.They had flavors such as strawberry, banana, cotton candy, caramel, chocolate and one other flavor.Sampled the cotton candy and caramel and bam I was sold....sweet, heavenly goodness!!I got a large of half cotton candy and caramel and baby did it make love to my taste buds like no other ice cream does. I could literally swim in a sea of that creamy goodness and never come back...lolThey are a little pricey regarding the 6 bucks they charged me for a large and the shop could use a little touch up, but other than that, I am definitely a fan!
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,8/29/2010,832,283,47,43,44>Faster than a speeding Scion with customized Hello Kitty interior. More powerful than a motorized dim sum cart. Able to leap large tables of hungry Asians in a single bound. Look! Up in the sky! It's a bird. It's a plane. No, it's DIM SUM MAN! Yes, it's DIM SUM MAN--strange visitor from another planet who came to Earth with powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men. DIM SUM MAN--who can change the course of mighty rivers, bend steel with his bare hands, and who, disguised as Tsada K.'s stepfather, fights the never ending battle for Truth, Justice and the Chinese American way. Now outta the way, Granny Liu, before he beats your geriatric ass down for that last plate of scallop dumpling. Your walker with tennis-ball feet is not, I repeat, NOT a deterrent. Reason #248903 Why I Love My Stepfather: He is always willing to take me to dim sum even though my pescatarian diet means I only eat about 25% of the dishes. Reason #248904 Why I Love My Stepfather: He is always willing to cut a bitch to get me that 25%. I love dim sum. I love har gau. I love shrimp cheong fun. I love seafood and chive dumplings. I love custard tarts. Problem is, so does everyone else. That's why I only go to dim sum with my stepfather, who can decipher the sweet cry of a dim sum maiden from miles away. Regardless of our position in the dining room, at the very hint of a melodic "Har che-ong!", my stepfather tosses aside his glasses and Chinese newspaper, rips off his sport jacket and tie, revealing the large DS emblazoned on his tight spandex unitard! Faster than you can say "char siu bau", he has soared across the room, panicked cries of "Ay ya!" heard from all around, small, frightened Asian children desperately clutching their mango pudding spoons in his wake.  Blink not, for within seconds he has negotiated with the maiden and is headed back to the safety of our table, the precious shrimp-filled "intestinal" noodles nestled safely in his grasp, like a rapt and tender Lois Lane. That is, if Lois Lane were a big fat rice noodle stuffed with arthropod meat. Okay, maybe no spandex unitard, but the rest is totally true. For my stepfather, or rather, for DIM SUM MAN, dim sum is a contact sport. Fortunately for everyone involved, at Asian Pearl, the dim sum comes out of the kitchen frequently and with great variety. The room is relatively small--bad for the weekend wait but good for the dining room experience. It means fast turnover of hot and fresh items, so even those not fortunate enough to enjoy the aid of DIM SUM MAN can sit far from the kitchen and still eat well. The cheong fun is fresh and just sticky enough without being squishy. The har gau is flavorful and succulent, although the wrapper was a tad oversteamed the last time I had it. The clams in black bean sauce are sweet and perfectly seasoned. The mango pudding, usually too gelatinous for my taste, is creamy and sublime.  Oh, and the cold marinated bitter melon is to die for, although sometimes its spicy goodness contains shreds of meat, making me horribly despondent. Regardless, Asian Pearl is some of the best dim sum I've had in the East Bay thus far. Care for some kryptonite to go with your lou mai gai, Granny Liu?
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2009,8/28/2010,723,405,28,30,29>I'm ashamed to say that in the 2.5 years that I've lived in Oakland... it was just last night that I finally ate at Luka's. I could bore you with the 10 star service I got from Hostess Lauren, and the hot redhead with the gorgeous ink whose name eludes me at the moment. I tipped based on the gorgeous food and the gorgeous people who delivered it unto me... Sally K. is right: everyone in this joint is the epitome of hawtness - across the board: all colors, ages and creeds. I did read the FAQ at lukasoakland.com and smirked because of my unmitigated disdain for vegetarians - Luka's does "strive to be inclusive" and I guess that's a good thing. But I digress... I could extol the virtues of their respectable cheese plate with a bounty of accompaniments - quince paste, crushed walnuts, sexy, thin sliced apples that linger on the lips, like stolen kisses. I could balk a bit about the lack rather mediocre nonalcoholic beverage selection and the mango spritzer that I drank solely to stay hydrated, but I won't bitch about it. The vibe and the crowd are definitely hip, food savvy and happening; the back room with vintage full-sized video games and a pool tables, destined to be reserved for a future UYE. Clean bathrooms, which me and my remaining right kidney always appreciate, so yay for that. The chicory salad was fresh but just the same old incarnation of nothing new. I also did not love the boneless short ribs, but I desperately wanted to. Didn't finish them; yes - that's right... I actually dismissed MEAT from my table. But I happily consoled myself with 9 oysters... the mignonette was too acidic and whomever minced the shallots was very heavy handed and while I enjoyed the slurping, the uniform but too-large shallot component was distracting. I don't like distractions when it comes to downing oysters. My final Yelp of 2009 - I'll give 10 stars to Evil Genius Chef Jake Alioto (Hi. I love you!) for inspiring my New Year's Resolution: To gain 30 pounds. Why? I'll tell you why - are you sitting down? Do you have a brown paper bag handy in case you begin to hyperventilate? Bacon. Creme. Brulee. With. Candied. Bacon. Check out the pic: it's not like it's a "professional" photo or anything, but it is perfection in imperfect times. Have I died and gone happily to Hell in a Hand basket? I have never experienced such inexplicable bliss: PERFECT mouth feel... the bacon flavor was smoky, sexy and absolutely irresistible... and I just had to *breathe* and marvel at the experience, between nibbles of candied bacon. Porkgasm. Perhaps the best I've ever had - and intend to have again. While my first visit to Luka's was very late in the year, I miss it already. I will be sure that I find my way back. And soon! Happy New Year - may your 2010 be filled with decadence, detours and pork products!
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,8/27/2010,378,165,39,66,45>This is another one of those places where I think- maybe I should keep this to myself.Sandwich lovers, this place is going to knock your socks off. These sandwiches are made with their own cured meats. It DOES make a difference. They also have this really cool way of putting the sandwich together. You don't notice it until your eating it. But you do notice that the sandwich is cut at an extreme angel. It makes for easy eating. But most importantly,  THIS IS THE BEST TASTING SANDWICH in the bay area.  Here is a sample menu,                     The Classic Ham, salami, hot coppa, provolone, lettuce, onion, tomato, red wine vinegar, olive oil, spices, and a touch of mayonnaise                      Raging Bull Turkey, pepper salami, provolone, olive spread, arugula, sun dried tomatoes, balsamic vinegar, and olive oil                      Brian Allen Turkey, cheddar, hot coppa, arugula, tomato and chipotle mayo                       Michael Henry Roast beef, provolone, roasted peppers, arugula, balsamic vinegar, extra virgin olive oil, black pepper, and a touch of mayonnaise                    Fat Albert Roast beef, cheddar, chipotle mayo, tomato, and red onion                   Goodfella Genoa salami, hot coppa, fresh mozzarella, arugula, sun dried tomatoes, balsamic vinegar, olive oil, and a touch of mayo                   Petit Sara Portobello mushrooms, eggplant, roasted peppers, fresh mozzarella, sun dried tomatoes, arugula, balsamic vinegar, and olive oil                    My cousin Vinny Ham, fresh mozzarella, bruschetta, balsamic vinegar, and olive oil                    Godfather Salami, hot coppa, prosciutto, provolone, arugula, roasted peppers, olive oil, and black pepper                     Soprano Bruschetta, fresh mozzarella, arugula, balsamic vinegar, and olive oil                     Tuna Tuna salad, provolone, arugula, tomatoes, and olive oil Breads delivered daily by La FarineI had the classic, served on a baguette.  Star meats is located in the back of Star Grocery on Claremont. Do yourself a favor and visit this deli, It will not disappoint.Visit some of the other businesses in this little, "secret town" that you've probably past a million times, and didn't notice.  It's such a sweet place to be. FREE PARKINGDog Friendly
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2009,8/26/2010,483,161,12,13,13>Slap me with that noodle please!Its rare to find a hand pulled noodle shop nowadays.  When you order any noodle dishes, make sure you request the hand pulled stuff.  You will see a guy in the back behind a large window, kneeding, pulling, and slapping a slab of dough.  He does this a few times with each piece until it magically somehow seperates into fettucine size strips.  This guy must have Popeye arms.  Long noodles = long life.  Pretty cool.Had the chefs special - peking ribs with honey sauce, shrimp with lobster and chicken chow mein (of course hand pulled noodles).  Portions on the smaller side, but the 2 of us left very full.Park in the new parking structure around the block.  Be patient if its busy, cuz service will be slow, but friendly.  Bathroom smells like old mop water and be patient with the electronic towel dispenser too, it shoots out 3 inch sections at a time (short towels=wet hands, confusious say).  With teas and waters we got outa there for $35 including tip.  We will be back for some more good noodle slappin times!
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2010,8/25/2010,102,109,11,9,13>Somar, I have a confession to make..I FLOVE you.So diverse & so chill. Never pretentious. The music you listen to, the eclectic crowd that you attract, the conversations we have, I can vibe with you all night. We're uptown, let me take you to the Fox across the way, or grab a bite to eat? Then we can head back to my place just a block away. You down?
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2009,8/24/2010,399,264,12,17,11>I wish I could say I got pierced by Sin, but I'd be lying to you.  I just bought jewelry, but even that experience was refreshing.  After a wild night, I discovered that my jewelry was gone and I didn't want to drive all the way to Oakland for my regular piercing needs.  I remember seeing Inkies' booth at the Art and Wine Festival, so I checked them out and I'm glad I did!  Unlike other piercing shops, Sin actually put the jewelry in (free of charge) after doing the proper measurements and sterilizations and cleaned my other piercings.Don't fret about the big window in the middle of the shop, because he has classy curtains for privacy, unlike plastic hospital curtains like other places.REMINDER: cash only!
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2010,8/23/2010,311,112,21,20,23>I'm rarely in Berkeley and when I do go, I tend to go by myself, meet friends and more often than not get sloshed....last night was no exception.Between the outdoor patio, free parking, drink specials, drunk girls getting their 80s on, and some serious good eats, I was a happy camper. The whole vibe made out for an awesome evening with some of the best people I know. On top of that, the grilled foods (bacon covered sausage, grilled cheese, and links) had no chance against my appetite. I tried not to be so obnoxious and take my time with my food, however the grub was gone in seconds. I only came up for air to chug down my Downtown Brown or share a bite with the sexy ass chicas next to me. Next time I'm coming in early to get that pulled pork, dammit!
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2010,8/22/2010,342,397,31,22,25>I've been dating Lafayette R.  for 4-5 years. She is gorgeous, with curves, a lot to offer, and always leaves me tired after we hang out. Today though, I went out with Redwood R.P. She hella coo. Some dudes, and even some ladies told me about her, but I didn't know what to expect. " You make me wanna be a new trail, start a new relationship, ooooh." You know? Straight simp status. This place reminds me of Discovery Park in the Magnolia neighborgood of Seattle, WA. Such an escape, views for days, and enough shade and hills to keep you challenged for an intense morning run. A place I'm sure to visit twice a month now. Haters of Oakland, drop by here before you think you know what's up. I thought I had to drive all the way to Muir Woods for peace of wind, tall trees, and beautiful nature. No longer. Lastly, for the runners, watch your step, parts of these trails are hella gnar.
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2010,8/21/2010,294,247,22,24,28>Its a Saturday night and we've burned out bridges locally. Not exactly, but we need someplace new and different to go So, where shall it be?Can't go to Fat Apples as its too late into the evening. Don't feel like hitting Fonda as the food is elfin-sized and we are hungry from a day of plowing the north forty. Okay...so I exaggerate, Casa Canine's turf is actually 7,700 square feet, but with a hand lawn mower it can make you feel like a true Kansas sodbuster. Aches, pains, and my wouldn't a nice glass of beer feel good about now.Enter Jupiter. (Himself the Frugal One suggested it.) Walking distance from the house on a normal evening, but this is a Hard-Days-Night so we drove over. Parked in City of Berkeley parking lot just after 10 PM, therefore it was free. Good start.Arrived at Jupiter when it was "relatively quiet." Asking to be seated inside as the SF fog was just moving in and it was a trifle chilly. Seated upstairs. Cool decor, nice homey atmosphere. Diverse crowd (things have changed since your review last year, my friend Daniel L).I am quite sure that we were the oldest folks upstairs. But nobody bats an eye.Not to worry....Sarah the waitress served us promptly, good naturedly, and with a genuine smile.Our drinks arrived at our table in two shakes of a lamb's whisker. The order of a 15" Galileo pizza followed shortly. It was perfect, with a thin crust, warm artichoke hearts, beautifully chopped tomatoes and melted cheeseThe Jupiter red ale is magnificent although I only have a glass as I am driving home. (My friend Terry, the Berkeley cop does *not* need to have the embarassing experience of pulling over her favorite elderly librarian...this much I know. )All in all, a perfect night. Sarah-the-waitress kept in casual eye contact with us the whole time we were dining. Her unobtrusive attentiveness and positive personality was much appreciated.So........all this for thirty bucks. Jupiter, you have just become our favorite neighborhood wateringhole. Next time we'll walk over as we need the exercise. And there's always BART nearby should we decide not to walk home. A fun evening with the student crowd. Kinda makes you want to take a few college extension courses  just to keep up with the younger set. Stay tuned.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2009,8/20/2010,506,510,11,18,14>Tossed my baseball cap on, brushed my teeth, pulled my sweats on told and the gf I was ready for breakfast. Two minutes to get ready, 11/2 minutes to brush the teefers and thirty seconds to put on the sweats. Looking good on Sunday morning. Proceeded to go to the Wagon Wheel, second try at this but they are closed on Sundays (dang should of look at Yelp to find the hours). They must go to church. Ended up going to Peltons because I did not know of anywhere to go in San Leeeeandro.  Homey and cozy, defintetly where the locals go. Ordered two eggs with linguica ($6.45), the linguica feeled my senses the moment it landed on the table.  An order of country fried potatoes, sour dough bread and I was good to go on this Sunday morning. Very tasty, filling and priced very reasonabe. Very good service.
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2009,8/19/2010,212,286,9,12,11>I came here to the "Eat Real Festival" not knowing any details about the event only with noticing the word "Eat" in the title so i had to check it out. I came super deep like usual about 15 to 20 of us, and everyone was starving. Right when we walked into the fest i seen the Yelp booth and guess who was there? the lovely Ligaya. We all went to say whatsup and took a couple of pictures and she recommended a few spots for us to try out. So here is a list of stuff i ate.Brisket slider with a Pom julep from the St. Vicente de Paul cart. The brisket was real tasty and tender but the bread for the slider was terrible, real stale and nasty tasting. But the Pom julep drink was the best drink there. Very refreshing.Zucchini & Mushroom pie from the Pie Cart, sorry i forgot the name of the truck. But it was delicious, i have to say it was the best thing there. The crust was so flaky and the filling was out of this world.Creme Brulee from the Creme Brulee cart guy. I have to say it was pretty good, having wanted to try it like a million times before but it was always sold out. I finally got lucky and got a lavender flavor one, and it tasted great. Clam chowder from Sam's chowder truck, i have to say that was the worst tasting chowder i have ever had. It wasn't just the chowder that was bad the guy selling it and the guy serving it were straight rude. With the word Chowder in the title of your restaurant i would think the chowder would at least taste decent, but this was all bad. Lets just say i rather have clam chowder out of the can rather then eat at Sam's.Sweet sausage from the BBQ cart, i forgot the name but they said they had 24 locations in Alabama or something. The sausage was good, kind of sweet for my taste but they were real nice people.And last was the Seoul on wheels Korean BBQ taco truck, we came by the first time but the lady said they ran out of tortillas so we came back later. The line was pretty long but that was the main thing we wanted to try. I got the Korean BBQ rib eye steak taco and the spicy pork taco. Both of the meats were delicious very tasty flavorful and tender. But the only down side was the tortilla, it was raw and cold. I like my tortilla cooked, fried or at least warmed up. But i seen how busy she was so i let it go, next time i go to her truck in Emeryville the tortilla better be warm. Besides that the meat was excellent!Overall i had a great experience here at the Eat Real fest, good food good people great atmosphere. We need more of this in the Town. Cant wait until next year!
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2009,8/18/2010,202,470,19,13,14>Wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I must say the talk and buzz between all my friends these days are all about Bikini waxes!!!  Being a Bikini wax virgin I never pay them any mind because I can't even get my eyebrows and lip waxed without shedding a tear and I've been doing them for years!!!I finally decided Sandra...time to be a WOMAN and get with the times and loose the razor.  Mind you...I love Veet and used it down there and left it on for like 5 minutes and I kid you not, it burned the crap out of me.  I had a layer of flesh missing when I removed the Veet.  I decided ohhh no, no more Veet.  I never get the feel I want w/the razor and I always tend to get more bumps w/the razor.So I finally with the help of my friends talked myself into getting a Bikini wax.  After much research I found Simply Gorgeous and it appeared my Yelp family loved Svetlana and the blue wax.  So of course being that Yelp is the new God I figured I was in good hands.Friday night at 6pm was my appointment.  I got to the place about 15mins late due to sooooo much traffic and of course me getting lost.  OMG...was this place hard to find in the dark.Svetlana was a doll!!!! She talked me through the whole ordeal.  Gave me some breathing techniques and was soooo professional.  Being that that was my first time I was soooo nervous.  I have never been in such compromising positions w/a female that close EVER in my life.  Not even my GYN has ever seen me that close to me.OMG...that was the worst pain I had ever experienced my entire life.  Pride wouldn't let me run outta there naked or fart.  LOL.  Between the ripping off of the hair and the heat of the wax I thought I was going to die.  After it was all said and done I realized the pain was not that bad and the outcome was Simply Gorgeous!!!!!Svetlana gave me an appointment for a month later for maintenance.Total damage: $60.00 w/o tip.I'm a fan!!! Thanks girls and thanks Svetlana :)
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2010,8/17/2010,224,231,17,16,14>*NEWSFLASH* Masse's apparently now has BACON MACARONS. via a friend's twitter. I should call and make sure so I don't spread any false messages, false hope to all you die-hard bacon anything fans.Time to get fat(ter).*UPDATE* I called to make sure - yep, Maple Bacon Macarons!!! The lady on the phone assured me that they are very, very good. I don't doubt it one bit.
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2010,8/16/2010,251,652,9,15,11>I knew it had to be good, because word had crossed the bay to San Francisco and eventually a friend of mine that it was worth a visit - and it's an elite handful of restaurants, brunch or otherwise, with the dubious distinction of exciting the urge to travel the reverse commute.We loved it, me the Oaklandite from a mile up the road and my SF persnickety friend (with southern blood at that).  I'm not going to lie, what made our visit special was an unlikely conversation with the owner, Jack, who made a special dish for us, one we were sad they had taken off the menu.  Can you believe such hospitality at a rush hour brunch?  I was impressed.OK, I'll just let it the cat out of the bag.  It was hush puppies.  Jack said he'd be open to bringing them back* if there was demand...so if you go there and they aren't serving hush puppies, it bears mentioning - they might put 'em back on the menu.As for main meals...There are some flavor-combinations to get used to - for example gravy over eggs over potato pancakes with a side of collard greens ("bubble and squeak") or the sour and spicy Shrimp in gravy over a grit-batter waffle.  They pulled the unusual Southern dishes off expertly.  The result: creative comfort food that makes you want to lick your plate clean, calories be damned!I should mention they're popular (line at the door), and I'm sure it starts with a hip-looking storefront and the general ambiance ingredients for brunch that scores crowds in the Bay Area.  The casual open dining room is a comforting moss color, with exposed beams and big front windows.  There's a sheltered porch out front as well.  *To brunch that is.  They are closed for dinner, when they used to serve 'em, but hopefully that's temporary.
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2010,8/15/2010,389,574,8,16,13>The carnivores I live with are big fans of the ball tip and ribeye sandwiches.  The meat is flavorful, although I'd like to see a little more of it on that big bread roll, particularly in the case of the ball tip.  The bbq sauce is good too.  Three sandwiches and a 1/2 pint of potato salad (red or traditional) sets us back $30, so not a bargain meal.  Growing kiddo can polish off his own large sandwich, whereas his father and I clock in at about 3/4 of a sandwich each.  I've also ordered tri-tip from Kinder's as a supplement to our Thanksgiving feast when we're serving a huge group.  It was a big hit and made life easier for us as hosts.  Props to Kinder's too for participating in fundraisers for local schools.
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2010,8/14/2010,1211,478,21,23,19>Another sleepless night.One filled with thoughts of apple fritters and donut holes.I decided to search up if there was a decent donut shop near my house, and behold!  Vasy's.5 star rating too, I knew I had to go check it out.Went into the donut shop..a little excited, and asked the sweet lady where the apple fritters were located.  She showed me and I commented on how big those things are and how they must be quite heavy.$1.25/Apple Fritter.And I find it a little embarrassing that I have so many check-ins here.
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2010,8/13/2010,298,445,12,15,15>Hands down my favorite late night study spot! Having been in school since preschool I often find myself looking for a good place to study away from home. Being that I can be a Grade A (pun intended) procrastinator I need a place that is open late which Caffe La Scala is (open til midnight weekdays and 1am weekends). Did I mention they serve coffee, tea, beer, wine, food, and desserts? How cool is that Free Wi-Fi and Wine, what a fabulous combo. Oh and they have lots of plugs. This is great because there is nothing worst then being limited in the seating you can choose based on plug location. Only downside is that it is always crowded and tables get picked up super quickly so be sure to get your table first and then your drink.
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2009,8/12/2010,198,153,8,15,12>My insurance company suggested Uptown Auto Body after thieves had smashed my passenger side window and attempted to steal my stereo. I talked to Mike, whom I found to be very soft-spoken and courteous. He advised me to bring the car in immediately for an estimate. Upon arrival, I was completely and totally impressed with their shop. It was unlike any mechanic's garage that I've ever seen. A huge, immaculate space with exposed brick, and artsy black and white photos of the staff members. It really does look like a gallery. Mike offered coffee or tea, and I was surprised to note that there was an espresso machine, and a lovely (and large) selection of tea made by the Republic of Tea. Classy. The waiting room had a huge collection of inspirational/motivational/metaphysical books, and thumbing through some of the titles instantly improved my mood. But what really astonished me is that, within minutes, Mike fixed the minor damage to my dashboard himself, as well as an issue I'd been having previously with my driver's side visor. After providing me an estimate to repair the broken glass, Mike told me about a mobile glass specialist who would do the job for less. This type of dedication to customer satisfaction is absolutely unparalleled. I wound up taking Mike's recommendation, so I didn't actually use their services for glass repair, but if ever I need body work, I would unhesitatingly do so.
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2010,8/11/2010,414,294,10,13,10>O... Shalimar... O Shalimar... How I love thee! Still determine for some Shalimar, my bf and I came here yesterday night. This place got to be one our favorites place to eat. It's funny how I how I used to requested to come here and my bf who doesn't like indian/middle eastern food at that time will make any excuses he can to get away from here and now he is the one making the request to come here. Shalimar a  local favorites? It's like all the Indian, Pakistani, and all the other middle eastern people have gather all in one place. And living in Fremont all these years, you can't help to find familiar faces here and there at Shalimar. (This also tell you how authentic their food are) The way you order is pretty interest... 1st you would pick a table (esp during their busy time, it might even be hard to find a table) 2nd you will grab their newspaper-like menu and decided what will you like to have. 3rd order your food and pay and go back to your table and wait for your food. and depend if they are busy or not... something you might have just got grab a pitcher of water yourself or they will bring it to you. The very first time I went to Shalimar, I was definitely not use to seeing a bucket slice a raw onions and slice jalapenos... at the time I was wonder to myself "how the heck do you eat that?" and now i can proudly said I am one of them.Now I love the complementary slice onions and slice jalapenos. lol~ My favorite there got to be the lamb curries. I love it even more since I love lamb. After so many try of their chicken tikka masala I can officially say I am not too crazy about it anymore. All the beef curries are good too. For a buck, you give you a huge naan! Yummy.... and I will skip the garlic naan, it's bit too greasy for me. tandoori chicken is order by the piece.... something to try if you are first timer. it's usually very suitable for people who is afraid of curry dishes. Anyway.... overall the food are fairly cheap. It's usually less than 10 bucks per person. How affordable is that!!! Ok... the only down side the Shalimar is that all their food are FREAKEN greasy. So you weigh it out yourself! Greasy yummy food!!! lol
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2010,8/10/2010,853,724,11,14,12>I can see why people love this place...I can now say that it was worth waking my poor daughter and holding a crying baby in line, just to get some cookies!!The cookies are moist, chewy, and not too sweet, which for me dangerously means I want more than one.There are so many types to choose from that I recommend getting at least a dozen for 9 bucks until you figure out what you like.That's all folks.
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2010,8/9/2010,306,817,19,12,10>For some, it's Earth Day; for me, it's the opening of Betty II.  I didn't want to miss it -- figured I'd get to see the Mayor throw out the ceremonial first piece of chicken.  I was disappointed in that regard, but I did get a good lunch.  The place is basically a clone of the original on Telegraph.  The only difference is that the line moved a tad more slowly because some of the customers were unfamiliar with the Betty's lineup.  (I actually heard a guy outside describing the fried chicken sandwich into his cell phone: "It's a piece of fried chicken between two pieces of bread"!)  The people working here are mostly veterans from the Telegraph place, so there were no glitches.I arrived at 12:55PM and waited for about 10 minutes to get served.  When I left the area, about a half-hour later, there was almost no line.  I got a free cookie while I was waiting.You can sit in Franklin Square with your lunch.  It's pretty much OK.  I saw some cigarette butts next to me but no hypodermic needles.  Something I learned: the Franklin Square Wine Bar is now closed.On the way out, I gave a big thumbs up to Betty, who was carrying a big bouquet of flowers as well as her child.  Someone in line speculated that they'll soon have to open up a third place.  How about the Southwest terminal in OAK?  Now wouldn't that be fun?
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2010,8/8/2010,437,895,10,12,12>When my favorite local Indian restaurant vanishes, and gets replaced by something else, it took me a while to put one and one together.  What was replaced was Ms. Wally Cafe, wife of guru local chef Wally.   What I then figured is who was it that feeds Wally?  Well.. its his wife and I can tell, she is a very picky cook. Most important issues: I love this location, and no matter what time of the day, you can easily find parking.  We ordered Ms. Wally's own Lebanese Platter which then was coursed with a bowl of spicy warm lentil soup, then the main dish for two, and then followed by her all so famous crepe dessert with a very nice semi sweet Turkish coffee.   The accompany pita bread was heated to perfection.  The main dish had a very nice assortment of Hummus, Tibuli, Babaganous, dolma, of which some were dotted with the loveliest of greek olives. We got a tangy dish of cucumber yogurt which is perfect to offset the oils and heavier garbanzo flavors..  Scooping away, it was all so pleasant.     I must make a note on the crepe dessert.  My mom used to make this dish for me when I was little, smeared with a tiny bit of cream cheese and even a smaller dash of Knott's Berry Farms jam.  Ms. Wally's crepe was exactly like my Mom, who would need to be pretty picky.   I too know how to make this same crepe, and its perfect in both softness, chewy and the hint of flavorings inside. One last thing.. I was very confused to see the steam tables... are they still using them?  Maybe for lunch?!?!?  Btw.. come by on sunny days and take advantage of their patio.  :))I still miss my favorite Indian Restaurant vanished at that location, but as things go... we must look forward...This is a must go and I'll certainly be back.
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2010,8/7/2010,72,663,16,15,15>HAPPY NATIONAL FRENCH FRY DAY!My co-workers (Claudia O., Victor S. and Peter A.) and I decided to postpone "Brownbag Tuesdays" to celebrate such a sacred holiday after my boss recommended this place.  It was a couple of blocks away from work and I was happy to discover that it has 4 stars with almost 200 reviews on Yelp especially for this place being fairly new.I got the Cheesy Trueburger and shared a side of cheese fries with Claudia, while Peter and Victor ordered the Bacon Cheesy Burger.  It was unanimous that this place is the best burger place in the area.  I even like it better than Belly Roll's.  Although, it is slightly more expensive, I thought it was worth it.  The cheese was thick, gooey and melted over the burger and fries.  Not to mention, the beef patty was succulently thick and super juicy.  Also, according to the boys, the bacon was thick and it's "real" bacon.Peter ordered a Vanilla Milkshake so it made me crave to get a Chocolate Milkshake.  He said it was good and both he and Victor egged me to get one "in order to give a true review."  I hate you @$$-holes for coercing me to getting one...*sip, sip* "Hey, this is pretty good."  So, maybe I don't hate those guys =P.  But Peter was definitely right on.  The milkshake was a perfect blend of milk and ice cream; it wasn't too sweet, not syrupy and it wasn't so thick that it's a hassle to drink.  You can taste the milk and chocolate ice cream.  My entire meal was about $15.  Like I said, it may be a bit more expensive but it's surely a good lunch.  To top it off, I didn't get the bloated, stuffed feeling afterwards; I felt satisfied.  'Twas a great way to celebrate National French Fry Day.  =)[TIP]  $5 minimum on Visa or Mastercard.  Plus, either come in early, late or to-go because the place is small and can easily get crowded.
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2010,8/6/2010,341,458,15,20,19>This little shop is adorable!  Outside and inside.We were drawn in by the salt water taffy in the window.  Once inside, there were delightful sweet surprises at every turn.  Pixie sticks in a drawer, old fashioned candy sticks around the corner, a great variety of old school soda pops, jelly bellies, and much, much more.  With a $1 loan each against their allowance, the girls had a difficult but wonderful time deciding what to choose.  The giant 79 cent pixie stick?  Three 33 cent laffy taffies?  Four 25 cent candy sticks?  I don't even have much of a sweet tooth.  But I will come back here any time I'm in the neighborhood.
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2010,8/5/2010,833,1145,10,15,12>PHILZ IS OPEN! PHILZ IS OPEN!I credit this news to Mr. Vincent (vincenty.yelp.com)Thank goodness for a coffee shop that opens early. While they are only set to open at 6AM on weekdays, they have yet to set their closing time. I speculate it'll be until 10PM latest, but this is my plea for a 24 hour cafe in Berkeley! Please?so go get all the things you ever wanted in one place:good coffeefree wireless internetpersonal sized tablesget it get it get itMr. V also adds that "Philz is certainly unique compared to other coffee shops around Berks. They make it then let you try it to make sure you like it!"
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2010,8/4/2010,217,1121,8,11,11>At almost 8-months pregnant my back was killing me even in my running shoes.  After 2-years I was way overdue for a new pair so I headed down to be measured.  My experience was just as great as the first.  The staff is always so helpful and there's no judgment as to whether you're an athlete or someone who likes to walk and hike (like me).  My back and feet are much happier.  I will definitely be back once this pair wears-out :)
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2010,8/3/2010,883,311,26,27,25>I like when people touch me. Wait, let me rephrase. Ok, I like when people touch me. I got a Groupon for the chocolate therapy pedicure plus manicure for my birthday (!!!) and finally got to come in and redeem it. I called in and made an appointment (as was recommended by the wonderful people at Groupon) and found the place easily (across from Currylicious on College). The interior is small, almost a hole in the wall. The decor is absolutely adorable. Lush couches without being too lounge-y and clean without being too museum-y. Relaxing music without giving off the oh-too-cool vibe. I like so far. There were two women working who had bare skin in front of them, so they invited me to sit down while they finished up (I was a bit early, I was excited and came quickly. Damn straight.). I flipped through some girly magazines as is the standard and picked out a color for my toesies (OPI's Tropical Punch). My fingers are like fries, I like them best when they're French. Now, as a preface, I have NEVER gotten a pedicure. I actually have very sensitive feet, and am ticklish, and occasionally freak out when people touch them. I've seen pedicures done, but have never participated. This was my first time, and I was hoping they would be gentle with me. Once it was my turn, I got into the luxurious spa chair and got my feet dipped in a basin of hot water that had little flower petals and lemon slices in it (a nice touch). While I soaked, I was offered water (an even nicer touch). I played on my blackberry while the other two patrons who were there before me finished up. Ok, and now to the good stuff. SPOILER ALERT- If you are going to get a chocolate therapy pedicure, I am going to gush about it, and if you like that air of mystery concerning chocolate and your skin, just skip to the part where you send me a compliment or something. So after the soaking, I got my toesies buffed, cut, shaped, and in top position to be painted and pampered. Here's the fun part. A nutella-esque base was brought out. It had the consistency of a yogurt almost, and it was then massaged onto my feet. OH YES. That is real. It smelled delicious. So after a nice foot massage, the chocolate was wiped off. What happened next will shock and awe. I got a SECOND COAT of chocolate massage, except this time, it was a different chocolate substance (but smelled amazing all the same). It almost had a minty smell to it, like those Andes candies. Anyways, so this one was rubbed in and here's what goes down: They bring out little plastic bags, and wrap your feet in them. Then your feet are wrapped in hot towels. So, just so you understand, your feet are marinating in chocolate. AWESOME.While my feet marinated in chocolate, my hands started getting done. I got little french tips and some tiny stars on them (I felt a little flashy that day).  The woman doing my nails had dark polish on her toes and tiny silver stars and I freaked out over how adorable they looked and got the same stars on my hands and on my big toes.  Adorable.  She explained that they're all the rage in Japan (which made me feel way too trendy) and applied them with care. She took a lot of time on my hands, so my feet ended up in chocolate for about an hour.  After my hands were done, my feet got washed off and polished (pink with little silver stars, oh yes, I'm so girly).  There was so much care and attention to detail with both my mani and pedi that my nails were looking damn flawless. So awesome.They only accept cash for tip, but I tipped fat for the care, service, and the fact that my feet smelled like chocolate for the rest of the day (My boyfriend confirmed this after I made him admire my nails)The atmosphere was excellent, the service was excellent, and my feet were massaged with chocolate. You literally cannot do better than that.Once I'm crazy rich, I'll be getting regular chocolate therapy pedicures.
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2010,8/2/2010,628,530,15,19,17>Since my "Quest for the Best Sushi in The Bay" began, I have to say I need to upgrade this place.  So the decor is nothing fancy.So they have some odd American food items on the menu.But the BEST deal for chirashi award goes to--HAYWARD JAPAN!  Presentation is simple and the fish is fresh.  You get HUGE slices of all the best fish, from salmon to mackerel.  You get hefty slices of perfectly sweet tamago, all on top of rice that has nothing to complain about.  All at a typical $14 price tag. Also for their sushi combo deals in include 4 full sized rolls and 20 (yeah I said 20) nigiri for under $60.  SAY WHAT!  Amazing deals for quality sushi.  I challenge anyone to find a better deal in The Bay.-1 star for the fact that the service can sorta drag.  I suggest just going up to the counter and paying when you are done.
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2009,8/1/2010,382,382,10,12,12>Thanks in advance to Katy Perry for the butchering I'm about to do to her song Hot and Cold...Camp Shrimp's hot, drinks are coldCheesecake: yes, steak rare: noHappy hour: I'm in not outAppetite's up and not downbaked potato's salted--that's rightfilled w/ sour cream-whiteThis is the place to "steak" upCalories saved you make upDare I sing it?  But I "heart" Tahoe Joe's.  Here's why:***$7.50 Grey Goose Martini: Enough said and if you go at Happy hour, it's $6.50...when I saw the bill I had to check the date on my phone to ensure I didn't time travel to before Y2k when the price of decent vodka at a restaurant wasn't 10/11 bucks a martini***The cheesecake......Where did this rich, fluffy perfection atop a thick graham cracker crust come from?  Was it delivered to me by angels?  I fancy myself a bit of a cheesecake enthusiast and I swear I don't know how a steakhouse produced such a lovely slice of goodness***Goodness gracious, great choices of sides: I'm less interested in the meat and more interested in all the good stuff that comes with it.  Love the green beans that are interspersed with bacon.  Love the 1 lb. baked potatoes rolled in salt, roasted and then brought to the table for the server to dress to your taste w/ butter, sourcream, chives and bacon.  Love the mixed vegetables served a touch crunchy but fresh and flavorful.There are a few things of course that could stand improvement.  I don't think I've ever seen them do a steak "rare" the first time around.  If you ask for a bloody, "moo'ing" portion, it doesn't seem to make it to the table even pink--but they are always more than happy to try it again.  And if you read my reviews you know how "me-no-likey-the-upcharge".  Well subbing a baked potato for mountain mashers is $1.50 and last night was the first time they told me that outright...So this place isn't exactly Ruth Chris or Fleming's but it has great prices for everything you get.  It has awesome appetizers (please try the camp shrimp--while it's true if you fried a shoe I'd try a bite, these tempura battered shrimp served with a tangy soy ginger sauce are awesome), And the BEST BEST BEST cheesecake.
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2009,7/31/2010,289,458,24,18,16>Talk About Sausage Fest. This place is packing like a Horse!!!How could you go wrong with Sausages that are made fresh daily??I went, picked up a wide varity and then proceeded to grill them that day. All I gotta say is "dayum"; notice the Y?Not only does this place serve up fresh goodies but the staff is straight up cool. I went back for a second serving and they even hooked me up with a few boudin blanc sausages. We were chatting and he said that it was one of their more "favored" sausages. So off I went with 10 pound of sausage ranging from Boudin Blanc, Linguica, Longanissa, Hot Breakfast Sausage, and the list seriously stretches a block.... all of it super fresh and ready for the grill.So what is the outcome of this place? Simply put, you will probably never look at buying store packaged sausages again; period! Not just saying that to say it, this place is packing rich flavor combined with fresh daily mixtures..Join the Sausage Fest.... You'll love it and gain so much weight...The only one who probably will ever hate this place is him... " Dude Jason, Why !!!?? Thats my brotha maaan!!"            (\_______/)                   /  @ __ @   \              (       (oo)        )             `-...   ~~   . ..-'               /'                   \          @  /          .           \     (_ /   /-------------\   \          W                    W and even then if he tasted his brotha, he'd join the cult too!
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2009,7/30/2010,243,116,8,13,13>Yogurt Pizazz is yet another Fro-yo place to add to the recent demand for do-it-yourself frozen yogurt. In comparing it to other fro-yo places, this one is your standard make-it-yourself fro-yo...where you get your cup, dispense your own yogurt, and add your desired toppings. The price is determined by weight and prices are fairly reasonable here.My only gripe with this place, and with the layout of other make-it-yourself fro-yo places, is that when the place gets crowded, it can become a bit uncomfortable when your trying to make a new frozen yogurt creation...as other people are standing either right next to you or behind you, waiting for you to finish placing toppings on your dessert. I've only been here once, but it got pretty busy after I arrived, and I didn't have the additional time I would have liked to create a dessert to solve world hunger, as other Brentwoodies were clammoring to get their fro-yo fixins as well.Overall, the selections are your standard fare...offering variety and the classics. We'll no doubt be going here again to satisfy our fro-yo cravings!
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,7/29/2010,264,294,11,13,10>I came to Farmer Joe's armed with a surly attitude and closed-toed shoes, pushing my hand-basket/shopping cart duo that is tradition at Berkeley Bowl. Since lazily giving up on my food blog to work on getting into medical school and Yelp Elite events, the only family member who has been able to find my Yelp alter-ego is also one of my top five favorite relatives. She has been raving about the produce at Farmer Joe's for a year or so now, and I thought I'd give it a shot; and at worst, get a savory morning bun across the street for my efforts. I hope she doesn't disown me as a niece for still missing Berkeley Bowl (the original! not West!), but despite being in a different zip code, I still feel like quite the shamed adulteress.That's not to say I didn't like Farmer Joe's. The meat selection was quite spectacular, and the Organic Produce section was pretty awe-inspiring. In fact, some of the produce I picked out was quite a bit fresher than what I get a Berkeley Bowl, and for a much cheaper price with MUCH better quality than Whole Foods or Trader Joe's. They really have a great thing going at Farmer Joe's, but my adversity to change and desire for a larger selection of cheaper produce and bulk goods made me increasingly surly towards the...*not* crowded aisles that I love to hate at the Bowl.They do have a really good selection for the size of the store, but were missing a few key staples that I have grown to depend on, including fresh gluten-free bread. I also missed having my surliness equaled by the somewhat unfriendly but very knowledgeable staff at Berkeley Bowl. My checkers at the Bowl never have to consult their cheat sheets from knowing the product so well.Clearly if you actually read this review, you'll realize that my issue with Farmer Joe is more of a personal problem. It's a great store in a great neighborhood and if I lived closer to it rather than equidistant to the Bowl, I'd probably shop at Farmer Joe's instead.Oh, and the savory morning bun from La Farine across the street = freaking amazing.
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,7/28/2010,533,570,12,14,14>I love being greeted when you enter a business. Even if your not going to spend alot of $ there it still make a big difference.... My daughter Sara 12yr has been doing really great in school and this is where she likes to Celebrate. Recently she took a state math exam and was almost perfect. She got 51 out of 52 right... Only being a 7th grader but she has 4 A's and 1 B at the moment. She has a tutor that keeps her motivated and going strong in school and when she is craving fro-yo, this is were we go more often..... The place is clean and the big screen TV is always on showing cartoon movies or fun kids movies. You can never hear the television bcz the music is blasting. The little lady was serving herself Mango and it was almost melted when it came out, I told the cashier and she said " It's OK, you don't have to take that one, we'll throw it away and pick another flavor. " They promptly when to replace the mango and my wife picked another flavor. I had the Coconut w/ Coconut sprinkles and strawberries which is simple but still filling. 5 stars for making my daughter happy!!!!!
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2010,7/27/2010,300,251,15,15,17>This is my favorite place to take babies. There is tons of room for all your baby stuff, especially when it isn't crowded. The colorful flag things on the ceiling induce long periods of baby staring and calmness. There is a changing table in the bathroom, and it is loud enough in there that Saul's screams are delightfully muffled.I want to marry the chicken mole enchiladas. They make me want to be a tender shred of chicken wrapped in their saucy embrace. Wash it down with their tequila and Squirt cocktail, and my soul melts.
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2010,7/26/2010,543,699,22,19,19>Biochemistry lesson: When blood volume falls, kidneys produces the enzyme renin, converting angiotensinogen to angiotensin I to angiotensin II to secrete andosterone from the adrenal cortex. This increases Na+ reabsorption which then increase in H2O absorption. Recite this next time you are waiting for the one and only restroom here. Stars for the freshly made Greyhound and 1/6 slice of grapefruit that comes with it! Just don't take pillz with that. Might have adverse effect.
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2010,7/24/2010,230,57,7,12,10>Yo! this place is the real deal like Evander Holyfield. No point in visiting Philadelphia anymore because the best Cheesesteaks  are now in Alameda.                                                                                                        Quality meat, great tasting bread, and cheeze whiz sets this place apart from every cheesesteak place in the Bay Area.                                                       I would recommend the Rocky Balboa or the Rocky Jr. and after the first bite you will be instantly addicted.                                                                                 So come on down and try this great place and I promise you will leave satisfied.
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2010,7/23/2010,301,844,9,11,13>A group of us rolled in here at nearly 10pm after an event down the street, and despite being dressed in a range of costumes from hillbilly to ninja to geisha, we got hardly a wayward glance. The staff were impeccably polite and helpful once we were seated at the communal table near the door. (It couldn't hurt that one of our group knows the owner.) We just barely squeezed in our food order before the kitchen closed, and the white bean-and-truffle dip and pork belly we ordered were excellent. John, the general manager, informed us that pork is the head chef's specialty, and it showed. The flavors were robust without being overwhelming and portions were fair for the price. I was especially impressed with the bartender's skills. I don't normaly care much for Manhattans or for anything involving ginger beer; however, the Bulleit Manhattan I tasted and the virgin Dark-and-Stormy I ordered were both mixed with such perfect balance of ingredients that I wished I wasn't the DD!Layout and decor were both classy, airy, and fun. This kind of atmosphere would fit perfectly anywhere in downtown San Francisco, so finding it out in Walnut Creek was a pleasant surprise. VeSu is definitely on my Bookmarked list of places to return for a full meal!
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2010,7/22/2010,327,957,15,24,20>My long time friend and I checked out this great place for Friday lunch. We parked down the street, and around the corner, which is what we expected.  We arrived at 11:30...and there was a 30 minute wait, not too bad!! We were seated at the end of the counter....which we really liked, very retro.We were able to order and receive our food quickly.  We shared:Chicken and Waffles:  The chicken was moist, the breading had a kick (cayenne, I think)...it melted in your mouth.  We just could not stop eating it, even though they were not pieces I would normally choose.  The waffle was light and fluffy, with the interesting grit provided by the cornmeal....very nice.  I agree with Toni M., the syrup was too sweet for me, but the heads up allowed me to use a very small quantity.Mac and Cheese:  again, warm cayenne came through a melt in your mouth bechamelle with just the right cheese...nice bread crumb topping...outstanding!!  We ate every bite.I took home, to share with hubby (heated in oven):Sticky Bun:  Nice yeast bun with just the right amount of cinnamon...but where was the *sticky*??  Dry, dry, dry.Raspberry/Rhubarb Crisp:  Great fruit flavor, nice and juicy ...but the crisp was not at all crispy, and in very small quantity.  Maybe it would have been better heated in a salamander...which of course, we don't have.Service at the end was very slow, we waited awhile for the check. But overall we had a wonderful lunch, and I would go back in a heartbeat!!
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2010,7/21/2010,237,521,13,13,13>Screeech.....grrrrr....screeech...eeeeeee. Ah, the sound of the guy who is dragging his trailer hitch down the peaks and valleys of the drive-in parking lot. REPEAT! Behind him, comes the white mustang, doing the same thing to his front and back bumper. The entertainment isn't just on the big screen, you can just look around and enjoy your neighbors. But seriously, we really enjoyed ourselves. We arrived about one hour before show time. There are 2 screens, #1 was playing Toy Store, double feature not listed and our choice was #2, Karate Kid and Shrek 3. $14.75 for 3 adults. My daughter cooked up a wonderful beef stew and brought it with us. We set up our chairs and table, whipped out bowls and silverware and served up piping hot stew. We sat and watched everyones parking attempts and found it very amusing. If you don't want to be the center of attention, go down to the end of the aisle, take the road "for crying out loud" and then ease into a spot, backwards or forwards. We didn't even end up using our own sound system, everyone had theirs turned way up and their windows opened, so we just ear hustled. The bathroom was very big and clean, Just like Linda M. mentioned in their review. So clean in fact, that the doors are super shiney, like a new car.  It can be disconcerting to look up and see your reflection staring back at you as you, "handle your bizness."The snack bar was interesting and we only went because we were curious. Unless you don't have time to stop and pick up goodies at the dollar store, or have your daughter fix dinner for dining under the stars, then you can pick up a hotdog, burger, nachos, etc. The prices weren't too bad, but I was less than enamoured when my $3 regular horchata was sour (gross!). When my husband took it back, the girl asked him for a receipt, which she never gave us and when he confronted her and made her sniff my drink, she back peddled, said that no matter how they clean the machine, the stuff get's like that. Hmmm, here's a thought.... quit selling it? So pack up your goodies, read the list from Leah E. and head out for some good family fun. I will definitely come back. I'm not a big movie buff, but this was fun. And INEXPENSIVE.
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2010,7/20/2010,435,149,21,25,27>To me going to A Cote is like opening Christmas presents with a lover.  It is also like listening to Etta James'  My Funny Valentine on a quiet cozy evening.  A glass of wine in hand, sharing simple food well executed, and sitting knee-to-knee close with that special someone.  I crave the experience of it when I am farthest from it, and I start missing it the minute I step out their door into the late night.
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2009,7/19/2010,711,1293,17,29,27>My hair is fried.It may have been the brushing while wet, or the fact that it ends 3 feet from my head. But it's fried. And the only thing that seems to make a difference is dousing it in virgin olive oil.So I dropped by We Olive, a nifty new shop which has taken over what used to be Belinda M on Main street.Price wise they're a couple dollars over what I'd consider necessary, however they have a profusion of different kinds of oils. They're an oil store, it's what they do... and it's all from California, so if you're trying to buy local, this is your place.They also have "fill-your-own-jar" oil dispensers which give you any amount you'd like were you not agreeable to buying a full bottle and a wall of lotion and body butter for those who enjoy pampering.The service was friendly and warmly helpful and the layout was welcoming and bright.I'd come back.
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2009,7/18/2010,380,441,20,21,21>i am not a breakfast eater. i usually eat pizza, chicken, etc for breakfast. the breakfast here was too good to pass up and i enjoyed every bite. i ordered the meal that came with 2 eggs, chicken-apple sausages, home fries, and toast. the home fries were some of the best i've ever had. totally flavor-packed. the sausages were delicious and the eggs were cooked to perfection. they don't skimp on the bread either. if you get the upgrade for a dollar or so more, you get a whole baguette loaf. seriously...i tried some of the pear pancake. i'm not big on pancakes, but this was pretty darn good. i liked the beer i had here as well. it was a french white-ale. the coffee was also delecious. the service was good and the prices were more than decent. the outdoor seating was fantastic, even though it was overcast. absolutely a must-try.
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2010,7/17/2010,2712,383,14,17,15>This is my wife's favorite Korean restaurant. She used to work for EBMUD and would frequent this place for lunch. So naturally she turned me on to this joint.Situated in Oakland's Chinatown, this corner restaurant looked like a total dive on the outside but surprisingly nice and comfy on the inside.The minute we arrived we were greeted and seated. Shortly, we were served complimentary hot tea followed by their house soup.Both were just perfect. The tea was just right and the soup was good!As I snapped pictures, I didn't really bother to look at the menu as the better half already knew what to order. We did run into a little snag and pulled our server aside to ask for her recommendations on what to get for our girls. She made a suggestion and two thumbs up.Here's our line up:Banchan - Eleven complimentary traditional sized serving. Kal Bi - BBQ Short Ribs marinated in house special sauce.Jap Chae - Noodles w/beef and vegetables.Bul Go Ki- Korean barbecued beef.Our girls, who don't really eat much, killed their house soup! A half a bowl of rice in concert with some Kal Bi and Jap Chae kept their mouths full and wanted more.I was shocked to see that they actually focused on eating instead of running around the place!(static1.px.yelpcdn.com/p…)(static3.px.yelpcdn.com/p…)Of course, I tore up the Kal Bi like nobody's business and the rest of the evening was history...I'm a fan now baby!Good food, good portions and great service!Melon flavored chewing gum to go was such a pleasant surprise...
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2009,7/15/2010,610,620,16,19,16>As I read through the menu options, I held back a gag reflex on the turkey cranberry.  Turkey, cranberry sauce, cream cheese AND avocado AND mayo?  Ew.I ordered the Veggie sandwich to go and verbally scoffed the other sandwich concept.The veggie sandwich was sofreakinggood, I felt ashamed.  Ashamed, that is, to have doubted anything on their menu.  In order to atone for my sins, I vow to soon return and try that turkey cranberry sandwich. Amen.I don't know how or what they do...the sour French roll is mouth watering.  The cheese is of superb quality, it's as thin as paper but packs incredible flavor and texture.  Sprouts, thinly shredded pepperoncinis, crisp-peeled-sliced cucumber, the freshest of avocado, cream cheese and a hint of ranch.I've been to a couple of delis that charge outrageously for quality like this.  This sandwich was worth every single cent of the $5.59 that they charge. I devoured it.
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2010,7/14/2010,1948,4780,22,30,34>Gayle and I were married at the Civic Park Gazebo on 4/17/2010, starting at 1 PM. We were surrounded by family and a few close friends. The Officiant was one of Gayle's best friends from work and we were also witnessed (and apparently filmed) by one of Walnut Creek's homeless regulars.Back in March 2005, I met Gayle for the first time in the Lobby of Walnut Creek City Hall as her Match.com Bachelor #2. And on our wedding day, I stood at the same place and proudly anticipated those same elevator doors opening again. And as they did, Gayle looked stunning in here wedding dress, as she was being escorted by her darling 4 year-old granddaughter (the Wedding Girl).Jen K. sent me a "Best Wishes" note a few days before and mentioned that "funnily enough, it is the things that went 'wrong' that I almost remember with the most fondness".  How true. Our story was the 2 ladies who wandered into City Hall just before the elevator opened, and asked me how to contact the police. Apparently, my initial advice of using the nearby red phone wasn't good enough, as they insisted that I take a more active role. The conversation continued even after Gayle came off the elevator, and only ended after my bride led them again to the red phone, and her sister more forcefully explained that there was a wedding going on. The 3 of us then walked outside, through the Veteran's Memorial Plaza, across the street (via the crosswalk), and over to Civic Park, where all were standing and watching us approach. It was a touching ceremony and I must say that both the bride and groom were radiant.  The double ring ceremony included our own vows and the playing of 2 songs that meant the most to us during this celebration: Simple by K.D. Lang and "Maybe I'm Amazed" by Paul McCartney.After the ceremony, Gayle, her sister, and her best friend from college honored me with a dancing serenade of "What I Like About You". We also signed the paperwork, took photos and just hung out a bit to savor this moment.
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2010,7/13/2010,200,241,23,17,18>If I were rich, I would go here at least once a week. The black and white with pops of color is totally my color scheme. So I am like a chameleon when I walk in here. The drinks are awesome and originalThe food is delectable (and melts in your mouth as cliche as that sounds)And the service is amazingPerfect for a fancy date, a birthday party, or a night out on pay day. The Chef really knows what he is doing and it shows.Please do not eat here without trying the pork belly. I am not a huge fan of pork, but I might just kill a cute animal to eat this...
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2010,7/12/2010,456,631,14,23,20>I really enjoyed my dinner here. Gather certainly IS the place to gather, seeing as it was packed to the brim on an early Tuesday night. I really like the rotating menu, highlighting both seasonal and local goodness.The staff was very sweet, attentive and knowledgeable. There is definitely something for everyone on this menu, from meat eaters to vegans, folks who seek gluten free fare or plain old vegetarians. We started with the polenta encrusted mushrooms with "ranch" sauce, not bad! A little chewy, but anything fried really can't be that bad ;-)Next up was the vegan "charcuterie" plate -- which is quickly becoming their signature dish -- so I had to try it. We had an array of shaved beets, a wonderful smoked portobella mushroom crostini and a range of other veggies cooked in new and exciting ways (at least to me) that my date and I enjoyed sharing. It was a little party in our mouths, complete with dipping sauces.For my meal, I had the mushroom pizza, nothing to rave about, but it was tasty. Thin crust, the chef is big on the burnt bubbles though, which wasn't a favorite of mine. Good wine menu, small bar to sit in while you wait and nice local beers to test out. Their cocktail menu looks interesting too, as I spied a few I wouldn't mind testing out.Having just come from a road trip up the east coast from Florida,  I joked with the boy how we'd never find any cuisine like this where we just were driving through. It's "California cuisine" that fits the stereotype well, and I would bring any visitors here to try out the "locavore" scene. I'll definitely come back anyway to sit outside during warmer weather and for the change of menu in the seasons :)
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2010,7/10/2010,412,187,27,21,28>Grassroots. Eat Local. Going Green. Community Organizing. Support your local entrepreneurs. Yadadamean. Words to live and eat by especially when you're East Bay but they're all just liberal buzz words unless you eat at Sinaloa.-  It's not only a place for a bomb ass tripas taco or literally a cup full of plump shrimp ceviche for $3 but it's a place that has a feel of Oakland, not the bootsie "uptown" Oakland. -  It's a place where you will meet crackheads but end up talking about how they use to work as cooks at Berkeley (and then they try to sell you brand new socks). -  They take "Going Green" to a whole new level: It's a Taco TRUCK that DOES NOT MOVE. You can't save anymore gas than that.-  It's where you can meet some new folks or even a significant other (apparently I look like a young lady who really needs "a thug in her life".)-  It's where you can see a mosaic of stereotypes (toothless hobos, vato locos, CAL Asians, yuppie foodies, hoot rats, cops, families and occasionally a very frightened tourist) all breaking bread (or tortillas) under the same orange canopy. Oh my lord, Dr. King's 'Dream" is a reality. -  It's where you can support your local entrepreneurs: The guy in the van selling excellent mangoes and strawberries. This is Oakland. This is the East Bay. A little grimy but delicious. Yadadamean?
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2009,7/9/2010,792,96,20,22,22>For years the band jammed on, they've played since their youth and never stopped for one moment to see their aging grace....In the midst of uptown and stray cats and fog emulation from rustic manhole covers. Stood a theater cross sectioned by streets stained with trodden-over gum marks fashioning its  work of art, step by every step.The Golden Fox; meticulous ingenuity erected from the thoughts of mans imagination. A golden illuminated hall dedicated for currency flow and rock stars that still got the edge even after being faded from decades past. Which draw the random to come out and play. They come to listen to the crackling of the grunge guitar. They come to witness the coruscating shrapnel of verbal hypnosis. An intangible favor received, a long held desire fulfilled. With seating that leaves much to be desired, I immediately realized that standing up was a necessary solution. I couldn't help but stand. Perhaps when the star power is in motion, and the hues of spectrum splendor are glowing Sonic Youth, sitting just doesn't seem to fit in the equation. I remember the early 90's when google was a number and MTV was "music television" and the "real world" was real. I remember when Kurt and Courtney disassembled doll parts and placed them in a heart shaped box. I remember when pumpkins were so much more then Halloween, when a stone temple pilot could fly into the black holed sun led by a crow that inspired a Goth nation...I was amongst those who were encapsulated by ultra cadence and justified by true alternative. Thus beginning to realize that something's are still worth holding onto... I'd like to think Kim Gordon was singing to me tonight...I'd like to think I was singing back.Be it concerts of melancholy inspiration, or a radio resonating from the head. The melodious unison of those who rock together will always set the standard for those yet to come, the day dream nation.In a palace of foxes we truly were presented with legend tonight.
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2010,7/8/2010,700,420,15,18,16>Up one STAR :)I'm pretty much here once or twice a week. I just bought a lacy black and white bra and panty set for $12.99.  My BF noticed one night and said, "Did you buy another bra? Didn't you buy that bombshell one last week?" Yes, I've been on this underwear frenzy lately. But seriously, everything here is VERY affordable and has a lot of great selections for women all sizes! They have sizes for PLUS size women, short and petite like me, and those leggy girls that need those extra length! I also buy my work out pants here, too! (I've bought 5 work out pants so far....)PS, they do have a children's section, too!
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2010,7/6/2010,216,128,19,22,22>This place is clean, bright, cozy and airy.The staff here are friendly, attentive and happy!The Viet Iced Coffee is PERFECT!!The Banh Mi = da bomb!!The Bun Bo Hue warms my belly and I was happy!The Combo Broken rice dish is beyond great value. Parking is easy and we will be regulars for sure!C A S H  O N L Y!!  They open from 7am to 6pm or 630pm.  So head over early if you wanna grab some for dinner!Come with friends but not a huge group since the place is not that big.
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2010,7/5/2010,333,39,22,21,24>Another hidden gem in Oakland (well, not so hidden if you live in the neighborhood, but i digress.) A great value, everything on the menu is less than $20. And the executive chef is on site, cooking, not just creating recipes and menus to be left to lesser chefs to execute, or in some cases, execute. (That's probably not as witty as i think it is, is it.)The house baked focaccia they serve complimentary is spectacular, and we ended up asking for seconds, thirds, and fourths of it. This worked out especially well because i ended up with half of my gnocchi order as leftovers to enjoy the next day. (OK i lied, i ate it later that night. Irresistably good with the cream sauce, even re-heated.)I'm eager to go back and try other things on the menu- seriously, this restaurant is one of the best values in town, folks. Cheggit out!
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2010,7/4/2010,281,619,9,15,13>I've been pot obsessed lately. This being Berkeley, let me clarify.  I mean plant pots. This place carries large and colorful pottery as well as fountains, stone benches, zen statues, and the like in backyard decor.  Maybe they're just clearing inventory, but the pots have been on sale for as much as 20-40% off the past few months.  I've bought a number of ginormous pots from them already to jazz up my rather mundane looking plants (this is how I, as a faux Martha Stewart or HGTV couch potato, remodel or decorate - just buy a pot!).  They've got a parking lot out back and I've found their service nothing but friendly and helpful the times I've been there.
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2010,7/3/2010,109,682,10,21,13>I've always been curious about the fondue concept so my wish came true when I was taken to Simply Fondue for dinner.Walking into the restaurant didn't start off too well.  We unknowingly arrived 45-minutes early for our reservation so the host who seemed like he had a stick up his, you know, said to just walk around the downtown area because there's no room in the bar for us and to just check back in before our reservation time.  Dude, what the eff?  I was not feeling too excited anymore but, I just blew it off, made the best of it and walked around...outside...freezing.Came back 15-minutes before our reservation time and there was another hostess, she was really friendly.  She found seats for us in the bar and offered us the cocktail menu.  (Now THAT'S a hostess!)  I was in heaven when I saw their Martini menu.  They must've had at least 100 different Martinis!!  I ended up with the Pumpkin Pie Martini, which was definitely worth it's weight in flavor and in alcohol!Our table was finally ready and in anticipation to eating here, I've studied their online menu for days prior so, I had an idea as to what to get.  The Med. cheese fondue was spectacular!  I never knew you could dip so many different things into cheese yet taste so good!  We choose the Proprietor's Dinner, which came with array of meat, seafood and veggies and the Traditional cooking method (soybean oil).  Another discovery, I didn't realize frying meat, seafood and veggies would be so edible and delicious!  For dessert, we had the Tiramisu chocolate fondue...and that was amazing!  There was a plate full of fruit, baked goods, cream cheese bites, marshmallows and rice crispy squares.  The chocolate was smooth and silky; a complete delight!Our server, Adam, was extraordinary!!!  He knew we were fondue virgins so he took really good care of us.  He conveyed such sincere friendliness, a quality rarely experienced from a restaurant server.  I observed the other servers in our section, who seemed a little rushed and didn't offer the same TLC so, we were truly  fortunate to have Adam!Just a few tips:-Reservations. Reservations.  Reservations.-Come in with an open mind and a big wallet.  Yes, you will have to shell out a few more dollars than your average restaurant but, you knew that before you decided to come here.-Your clothing will smell, mostly because of all that food cooking in front of you.-Enjoy the food, the company, the conversation and most of all, the experience.Overall, my first fondue experience was abso-awesome!  Learned a lot of things about fondue, fondue ettiquette, flavors, etc.  I look forward to coming back!
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2009,7/2/2010,178,382,8,14,14>By our 3rd stop, I was in dire need of some REAL FOOD, so I was a bit agitated knowing Bakesale Betty's fried chicken sandwich was only a few blocks away, but our entire crawl had come to a halt because Adeline forgot to prep their cupcakes in time. Sigh. I suppose not everything always goes as planned.Luckily, there were many other yummy treats this cute, spacious lil bakery had to offer. Looking down at my sticky note of "things to try on the cupcake crawl", it told me to get a pecan praline cookie...so I did. Was it good? Sure. Would I get it again? Probably not, unless they can warm it up in a toaster oven really quick. Super sticky and super nutty, but not exactly super fresh. Tasting a bit old and lacking in quality, I wasn't too fond of this selection. I almost gave up on Sweet Adeline...until..."Hey everyone! There's about 20 cupcakes ready for you now...so coooommme and get 'em!"Like a race to the finish line, the first wave of cupcake lovers made a mad dash through the door wondering what Sweet Adeline had cooked up."What's that one?" ... "Chocolate pumpkin" - ooooooo!"What about that one?" ... "Banana walnut" - hrrmmmm..."And this one?" ... "Chocolate Guinness" - SAY WHA?!!?Cleaning out the first batch of the day, we wasted no time in devouring our sweet bites. With everyone in the sharing mood, I was able to taste a sample of all flavors, except for the double whipped red velvet (oh Ligaya, you looked SO happy when you ran out with that, exalting it high above your head like a prized possession!).I must say, the Guinness cupcake was an interesting flavor. Yeasty, yet sweet. Beer lovers would truly appreciate such a treat. Winner of the day goes to the pumpkin w/ chocolate and pomegranate topping! Definitely a type of melt-in-your-mouth goodness that should be shared with the world. Thanks Sweet Adeline for all the creative flavors, gorgeous presentation and frosting decorations, and filling us up with a feast of such deliciously mushy sweets!
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2010,7/1/2010,126,1452,31,26,22>Pink Velvet, Red Velvet, hell I don't care if they call it Baby Poop Green Velvet.  This is one of the best "Velvet" cupcakes I have had.The frosting is just so, its just so...Marvelous!!I am a person who does not like frosting.  If I eat cake I usually leave the frosting and only eat the cake part.  I want to rub this frosting all over my face like some type of disgusting night cream.  Then wake up and try to lick it off my own face.The "Pink Velvet" as they call it, was really scrum-didaly-umptious too.  I don't know why they call it "Pink" Velvet.  Its fairly Red to me.  Maybe they are trying to be different from the crowd?I have not smoked weed since I was 15 years old and to say that after eating this cupcake I sat back on my couch in a bizarre brain haze wouldn't be the best way to describe it.  It was a very enjoyable after effect though.I love Brussels Sprouts to, but they never made me feel like this cupcake did.Thankfully I don't go to Lafayette that often so my butt will be happy with me.  Because I would come by here once a week if I could.
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2010,6/30/2010,24,273,7,10,9>This small cozy sushi restaurant has is a great place for sushi dinner.  It is extremely small with just a few tables, which are close together and a small sushi bar.  However, the quality of the food has is great.  I guess they have focused on the quality of the food and not the quantity.Once we came into the restaurant, we were immediately greeted with, which I guess, a Japanese greeting for welcome.  Just after being seated, we were bought cups of green tea and bowls of miso soup - a great things on a chilly evening.After my son order some sushi rolls with the names of Orange Blossom (tuna and avocado covered with salmon), Satomi roll (deep fried California roll) and Spicy Rainbow (snow crab and avacado covered with different sashimi), we waited for a little while drinking the tea and soup.  It came to us in a reason amount of time, and it was freshly made.  I really could taste the freshness of the ingredients, and it made a difference. The sushi was presented to us in a nice long platter, which had great "Eye Appeal!"  Tasting the sushi was the amazing part, the fried ones were tasty, and the others had a great fresh taste and texture.  The quantity, which was served to us, was great, I was expecting a few small pieces but was surprised that the rolls were huge.  Now, I knew why the waitress asked my son not to order too many - it took a lot of us to consume all of it.What caught my attention was when the waitress yelled: "Fire, Fire, " and when I looked, at the waitress, I saw a roll of sushi set aflame, and presented to the table across from us.  I was laughing when the patron was warming his hands on the open flame.  Great entertainment.  The roll was called a "Flaming Dragon."  I was also amazed with the service.  It seemed they never let the cup of tea go empty and they checked on us ofter.  Even after the meal, they presented us with a decorated orange filled with chunks of sliced orange for dessert - really nice work and attention to detail (too bad I could not save it for a decoration). I really will return and would have given 6 stars but am limited to 5.  I would recommend this restaurant compared to any of Asian buffets in the area for a peaceful and homey meal.  Too bad that I had to drive because I wanted to try the warm sake - luckily, there is next time.
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2010,6/29/2010,931,153,21,23,21>After driving by this place 800 times and never stopping (or understanding why they edited the "e" out of Euphoria), I impulsively went in with my mother today after seeing a sign saying "self-serve." At 30 cents an ounce, how can you really go wrong? Even if the yogurt is mediocre, if you show any self-control, you should be able to make off with a tasty treat at a reasonable price. Plus, as far as my peasant's palate is concerned, it's pretty hard to screw up frozen yogurt. Eating here, however, was a screw up on my part, since yogurt with mini Reese's pieces and Butterfinger chunks on top is decidedly NOT on my diet.More self-flagellation later...I was pretty surprised by the interior. It's sparse and the actual yogurt machines are nothing to write home about, but there are mosaic tables (of the generic variety, lest someone visit and feel the need to take me down a notch for appreciating anything less than fine art), nice red chairs, and a semi-separate seating area arranged somewhat like a living room, with chairs, a sofa, an electric fireplace and a flat panel TV. Fancy.I would have liked to have seen more flavor options, but perhaps it's good there weren't more, since, because I am a slut, I had to try all of them. Into my (ridiculously large) cup were placed the following: vanilla and chocolate (can't remember the fancy names they had), original tart, tart kiwi, Reese's peanut butter cup, pistachio, and strawberry banana. I think that's it. After toppings (I wanted mochi, but they were out, which is a super boo; on the bright side, the fruit offerings looked fresh and yummy), my yogurt, which was larger than I wanted, rang up at $2.22. Definitely a reasonable price. The Reese's and original tart were standouts, and the chocolate was pretty tasty as well. The tart kiwi was a little confusing to me, but I think I liked it. I didn't really taste any pistachio in the pistachio flavor, or banana in the strawberry banana, but they were both sweet and tasty. Additionally, in contrast to the people who have had bad customer service experiences here, the girl who helped us was actually really nice. Not bubbly or anything, but solidly nice, which is really all I expect of customer service employees. I'm not a connoisseur of frozen yogurt, and I'm okay with that (foodies get on my nerves, but that's a whole diff'rent topic, son); what I had here was flavorful and good. The Reese's flavor was more robust than the Nutter Butter flavor at Yogurtland (my only point of comparison in the self-serve froyo universe), and the original tart lacked the icy quality that can make it less appealing. So yay Uphoria Yogurt. Try to not go out of business.
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2010,6/28/2010,513,243,17,27,27>Bravo A.W.! Your restaurant is grade A!I was super lucky to be able to book a reservation online the night before taking my girl to here for her birthday. I heard that Sometimes it's hard to book a reservation a week or two in advance. I thought to myself, score! Of course the surprised GF was jumping for joy when she found out that we pulled up to the restaurant. The pre-fixed menu was amazing! No thinking involved, just high quality food arriving to our table! The suggested wine was a 2008 La Torraza Erbaluce di Caluso which was perfect with our food! I highly recommend getting that white wine with a seafood or chicken course! It is one of my favorites of all time! The menu consisted of:Warm goat cheese with herb salad and baby radishes.Wild salmon with creme fresh and mustard blossoms.Fire roasted chicken with morel mushrooms and spring veggies.Strawberry tartlet a la norvegienne.Every single dish blew my mind! Service was excellent!
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2010,6/27/2010,184,198,14,17,19>Since they're so close to Barney's in menu, it's almost impossible not to compare them. In fact the similarities are just a little off-putting to an old teacher who hates plagiarism. Both feature good sized high quality burgers,  have curly fries, oreo shakes, similar displayed condiments.  So why go to one, or the other?Honestly, for the burger, go to Flame.  For those who are still willing to eat cow, this is some high quality bovine.  A beautiful burger, flavorful, good texture, and perfect at medium-rare.  The mixed greens had an exceptionally tasty house dressing, too.But if it's the curly fries you're looking for,  Barney's wins hands-down. The ones at Flame are a little lackluster. If I had some shears and a soldering gun I'd be in business, cuz I could combine the best aspects of both.  Guess it's all going to boil down to which side of town I'm on.
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2009,6/26/2010,150,46,6,10,8>I saw a fun band called Mystic Knights of the Cobra (myspace.com/mysticknight…) play here Saturday night and this place is awesome. Sure, the floors were sticky, sure the crowd was tattooed and ruckus, but It's spacious and the bartenders are really nice.  They even let me go buy a hotdog from the hotdog vendor outside and eat it inside. BUT OMG the drinks are EXPENSIVE! They make them REALLY STRONG, but $8.50 for a Vodka Redbull?!? Really? Really? Briefly stated: Yes, really.
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2009,6/25/2010,244,1164,13,15,12>Finally checked out Flavors of India Bistro today.  I'd been to the restaurant in Rockridge and was expecting a good experience.  I wasn't disappointed.We ordered and split the spicy seek kebab wrap.  When she asked for level of heat, I told her to make it spicy!  Well, goddammit, it sure was!  My lips are still burning a couple of hours later.  The wrap was so tasty - it was filled to bursting with cukes, tomatoes, onions and large pieces of meat.  The naan that it was wrapped in was pillowy soft and absolutely delicious.  Kind of pricey for a wrap ($9.31 with tax), but the ingredients were top notch, and it's in Montclair to boot.We will be back for more, but next time I'm taking it easy on the spiciness.
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2010,6/24/2010,1020,575,20,22,22>This place has an awesome Happy Hour, period.Lovie and I met up with one of his buddies, which happens to be his cousin's bf. Super cool dude...I've met him before. We watched the AFC and NFC championships here. We were seated in this nice cozy booth with TVs on each of the sides. It's about as comfy as you can get away from the living room couch!Friend and I ordered Newcastle, love ordered his usual Heff with lemon. Lovie was knocking Newcastle, and I jokingly said, "I don't even know you anymore!" Newcastle is hands down my favorite beer, and haters can hate all you want!Happy Hour menu is bomb. We feasted on a bunch of plates. The calamari was nice and crispy...the mango cilantro aioli was kickin. The firewood grilled chicken quesadilla was my pick....creamy yet spicy. Then friend picked chicken tenerloins which were awesome...crispy and the honey mustard dressing added a nice touch!We had a wonderful time....prices were crazy reasonable....we'll definitely be back again.
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2009,6/23/2010,206,197,16,24,17>FINALLY! A Filipino Supermarket in CoCo County!!! I've been waiting for this joint to open up. This saves me the hassle of going all the way back to Daly City just to get some decent filipino food. I'd say this is a smaller version of Seafood City in Vallejo, but decently stocked (so far) I was able to refill my pantry with the Calamansi Sinigang & Adobo mixes. Yay!! They've added a ready-to-eat section, which offers, Crispy Pata, Chicken Inasal, Fried Tilapia, Filipino BBQ, Rot Chicken etc etc. They announce what's available over the PA System!!  I just wish they had cooked rice too. . Is this company owned by Sharon Cuneta? Coz she's all over... I'm sure to write a deeper update later, but for now, I'm off toeating my Crispy Pata!!
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2010,6/22/2010,577,823,13,15,16>Sorry hipsters in the Mission, this is the best burrito I have ever had. Consistently great service, no attitude, clean, street parking all around the neighborhood and there's a bar next door if you feel like grabbing a drink after your tamale or burrito. Enjoy!
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/23/2010,6/21/2010,275,321,11,11,11>This truck is generally parked on 3rd street, across from Myrtle in Oakland. It's a tough spot to get to, as there are loads of trucks and crazy drivers pulling U's to grab some chow.I know I'm a pansy in this regard, but generally, I'm not a fan of eating out of trucks. Call me crazy, but I just have wayyyy too many images of a vat of loose meat sitting in a driveway overnight & being reheated the next day. That being said, I will almost always order a quesadilla & never really get to experience the full boat of offerings.This truck dishes up:- Quesadillas- Buritos the size of a small warm puppy- Some dangerous hot sauce- Breakfast buritos that seem bite back the eaterWhile you're waiting for your food, enjoy the signs. There are typos on most every item, which are pretty funny!
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2009,6/20/2010,301,336,13,15,14>"We owe a lot to Indians, who taught us how to count, without which no worthwhile scientific discovery could have been made."~ Albert EinsteinWe also owe a lot to India for providing some of the most amazing food on the planet.  In my continuing quest to mack down on good Indian food in the Bay Area, I tried Rice N Spice and I have to say that it's pretty good. The lunch specials are huge and filling.  For $5.00 to $6.00 you can get your fill of Indian food plus a cup of bottomless chai.  Now I'm not talking about that crap that the 'place-that-shall-remain-nameless-but-starts-with-­an-S-and-ends-with-a-tarbucks' serves which isn't chai at all.  Chai my friend, is strong black tea, a lot of milk and the addition of spicy tea masala or cardamom powder.  Anything else is crap.  So after replacing about 60% of my blood supply with caffeine and shaking violently, I dug into the lunch special (which I ordered 'Indian Spicy') and was pleased with the toor dal, basmati rice pulao, mixed vegetable curry and fresh roti.  Everything tasted really fresh.My only issue is with the music.  In the front of the house they play both traditional and modern Indian music which is great.  The thing that is not great, however, is that the Indian music is in constant competition with the Tejano music coming from the kitchen.  Please guys, save the Tejano for a Mexican restaurant- I don't want to hear mariachi music while eating chicken curry...it just doesn't work!Music aside, Rice N Spice is NICE...I've been waiting all review to say that!  Head on in for some good, inexpensive Indian food.  Oh, and don't forget the chai!  CHALO![The Curry Hunter™ Seal of Approval]
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,6/19/2010,1429,411,33,29,27>Back in high school I used to help run a student store. Every morning I'd have to wake up extra early so I could get to school around 6:30 A.M. The first thing I'd do was start baking cookies. For most high school kids this would be considered insanity, but I received satisfaction from this job because I was allowed to eat those cookies for free! Still insane you think? Going to school early for free cookies? Wait, wait... Did I mention that these were Otis Spunkmeyer cookies! Uh huh... yeah... not so insane now, am I? The Otis Spunkmeyer Factory Store is small, remote, hole-in-the-factory location that cries to me in my dreams on a regular basis. "Greg, where have you been? I miss you. Come eat my delicious cookies!" Wholesale boxes of chocolate chip, oatmeal, double chocolate, peanut buetter- you name it and Otis Spunkmeyer will deliver. I recently had a nice conversation with one of the workers here. She filled us in on her secret recipe for making snickerdoodle cookies using their butter sugar cookie. Such a sweet lady and very helpful. They sell all Otis Spunkmeyer products here, including muffins, cupcakes, other baked pastries and milk! They also have daily specials, and give you deeper discounts if you call in orders! I'm such a fan of the Otis Spunkmeyer factory store!
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,6/18/2010,563,337,21,26,26>Holy moly, have you seen the fried chicken sandwich at Bakesale Betty's?!   This thing is HUGE and stuffed with savory fried chicken and overflowing with chopped up lettuce, bell peppers, onions, etc...And the strawberry shortcake.... Mmm mmm good!  It is a little pricey @ $7.50 per sandwich and $5.00 for a strawberry shortcake but definitely worth the experience.  The lines may be long but they're pretty quick getting the line through the door.  There were 20+ people in front of me and I was inside within 5 minutes.I also recommend grabbing a stool and eating on their ironing boards set up as tables.  The sandwich is so stuffed that if it sits in the bag too long, it will get soggy and messy!
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2010,6/17/2010,261,512,14,14,12>Last week, I officially graduated from UC Berkeley (walked across the stage, all the ceremony stuff) and I went out with my family to the Chez Panisse Cafe for lunch to celebrate.We arrived early from the Greek Theatre since the ceremony was mercifully short, and we were seated within a few minutes. The servers were friendly and prompt and overall. it was a pleasant experience. However, I found a few problems with our meal.First, they only serve beer and wine. My father is a martini drinker and I desperately wanted a Sidecar that afternoon after a short squabble with mother and the tense event that was graduation. However, we did order a bottle of Pinot Noir off their lunch menu list that was very delicious and extremely affordable ($54, compared to the wine prices in their book) so that was a huge plus. However, bread came to the table without bread plates (a minus).For starters, my parents had the asparagus soup, the avocado grapefruit salad and I my friend Jena C and I split the salmon carpaccio. My mother loved the grapefruit salad and the salmon carpaccio was perfectly seasoned with a cucumber tomato relish. For entrees, I ordered the duck confit with polenta and olive tapenade. Other entrees on the table were the moroccan chicken, the lamb chops and the pesto past, on the server's recommendation.The duck fat was rendered perfectly and the polenta was extremely rich and creamy. I also found the portions were actually larger than expected for this kind of restaurant and the prices for lunch were quite affordable for our party of 4. We didn't end with any of the desserts, just a round of Blue Bottle Coffee (though in the idea world of a restaurant with a full liquor license, I know my father would have ended with a sambuca)Although I enjoyed Chez Panisse, it still doesn't get 5 stars. I've heard about it for so long that I guess it didn't live up to expectations. Although the food was great, the lackluster asparagus soup, the lack of bread plates and the lack of full liquor license kind of ruined it for me. I think any restaurant of this caliber should have a full bar and I should be able to get a Sidecar or a Tanqueray Gimlet without issue.
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2010,6/16/2010,80,175,20,20,20>Best pho in the Bay Area.I ain't no expert, mind you, but I've had pho in maybe five or six different joints in the past couple of years, and each time I've been actively seeking GOOD PHO, not wandering into some restaurant thinking "oh, what should I get, huh, maybe I'll get that Vietnamese soup, what's that shit called, oh right, 'pho'" no, I've been like "okay, I really feel like Pho Anh Dao has the best pho, but I don't think I've had enough of the stuff from other places to make that call, yet."Well, tonight I went somewhere else to have their pho, and yep, Pho Anh Dao rocks it.Really, it's the broth.  Rice vermicelli, bean sprouts, thinly sliced cheap beef... that stuff's the same the world over.  For ramen, it's broth AND noodles, but for pho, it's broth all the way.Pho Anh Dao has the most complex and nuanced broth I've ever had.  It's got a very slightly sweet flavor, but that's all background, it's rich and savory, slightly dense, but not gross, and just oily enough for... well, it's gotta have some oil in it.  Good, saltiness level--enough so that I don't feel like I need to add salt (yeah, you should read that line twice), but not so salty that my sodium-eschewing friends pinch their mouths shut like they're licking alum.Damn, they have good broth.I went there just about a week and a half ago, and theirs was my first meal after having some kind of nasty stomach flu that made me gag and retch for two days.  After a day of Pepto Bismol and club soda, I felt like it was time for real food (before I died, you know?).I took it slow, and I savored every last bit of a large beef round bowl of deeeelicious pho.  And I kept every tangy, savory bit down, and glowed bright, red, and warm for the rest of that night.Recommended.Fuck YEAH, it's recommended.  Get down there, bitches.NOTE:  we're talking about the pho, here.  The best Vietnamese food in general is over at Pho 84.
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,6/15/2010,587,806,15,19,21>I have been waiting forever to try this place and it certainly met up to my expectations!The decor of the interior of this place is beautiful- rich sultry colors, dimmed candle lit lighting, it has a rustic, rich, French country facade that runs throughout, the bar is a classic 1800s parlor style bar with deep rich wood- marble top with antique engravings and the high pub barstools - I felt right at home ahhh...I had already pondered over there menu a few times online, so I new before hand what I would have..lol. I definitely started off my meal with the much anticipated, delicious Sliced Pear Tini and being I was not starving, but really wanted to order so many things, I had there Bishop Ranch salad- which is Organic baby greens, roasted pears, candied walnuts & Point Reyes Blue Cheese with a creamy balsamic vinaigrette and grilled chicken-my friend ordered there basic Cobb SaladMy spiced pear tini was superb - Sweet, refreshing, complimented with some settle warm spices- along with a thick slice of a succulent roasted pear inside.My salad was truly divine and sang beautiful tunes of fresh flavor Rich dark salad greens, with thick, sweet candied pecans dancing around , a thick, juicy succulent breast of grilled chicken, sprinkled with goat cheese all endowed with some amazing rich, creamy semi sweet and spicy dressing - Oh and did I mention the size of my salad was huge! My friend was extremely impressed with even his basic Cobb Salad.I was again extremely impressed with the service. Our waitress was super accommodating, as well as upbeat and cheerful!I really look forward to trying there pear flat bread pizza and there desserts Yum!!
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2010,6/14/2010,723,405,49,45,45>This location quite literally SAVED MY ASS. * Six months ago, I donated a kidney to a friend of the family. * Three weeks ago, I slipped on the stairs, fell down the entire flight (backwards) and have been to the MD several times for exams, x-rays, follow ups and prescriptions. I'd been hobbling around after my fall and not very mobile - I had a stack of mail that included my insurance premium, but hadn't sent it out as per my regular schedule, due to my broken bum. March 3rd was the deadline for my premium to be postmarked, which I had taken care of already and met the 6pm "last call" for pick ups. Yay! I did some errands, and got back home around 7:00pm. I needed to make a copy of a document, and to my utter dismay, and subsequent panic, noticed that the actual CHECK for my insurance premium was still face down... in the printer. I had mailed an EMPTY envelope to my insurance company!!!! I cursed. I panicked. I considered moving to Canada. And then... I got my shizz together, and Yelped a Post Office that was open late. Behold! I read Poppy H.'s review, grabbed an envelope and stamps and was on my way to redemption! OPEN UNTIL 8:00PM. Thank you, Yelp thank you, Post Office, and thank you Poppy H. from preventing my relocation to Canada - let me buy you a drink, eh?
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2010,6/13/2010,1205,283,25,30,27>Mexican Food Heaven Alert!!!The essentials for a Mexican food dive are here, and they are perfected.  Between me, my lady, and the roommate we are some picky cats for Mexican food.  This place blew our mind, and surprised us all together.  Lets start off with the chips, salsa, and warm fresh bean dip oozing with cheese.  Chubby glass filled with Horchata goodness, where talking made from scratch the kind my lady's mom makes back in Mexico.  All together we ordered the Huarache with Pastor yelp.com/biz_photos/7QV-…, 2 pupusas one cheese and the other chicharron yelp.com/biz_photos/7QV-…, sample of menudo yelp.com/biz_photos/7QV-…, chile quiles plate yelp.com/biz_photos/7QV-…, and a pastor quesadillahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7QV-BC83­b1zn_i4ysPUhow?select=tkt3V1jzzw3_YhovX8uZKA.  Let me be honest my heart was stolen from first bite.  The table soundtrack included more "mmmm's" than a Vivid Porn Flick!  This was home made hand tossed masa and fresh to order.  The Huarache was thick and hot melt in your mouth status.  The pastor must have marinated over night because this little piggy meat was damn good and tender as slow roasted piggy can get.  Oh and let me tell you about my new lover the pupusa de chicharron, I mean serious I might just sign up for a lifetime supply.  These could be a very valuable excuse in why to stay fat or get fat.  Everything deserves 5 stars here, we scraped the plate without any questions.  You need Santo Coyote in your life, in your routine, and on your Mexican joints list.  You haven't had the gem of East Oakland 'till you stroll into here.I have encountered good, perfect, great, and wonderful Mexican food but now the competition has just got a new winner.  This is by far the most slept on Mexican food place in the Bay Area and by far one of the BEST!
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,6/12/2010,424,1322,22,25,25>I have a black thumb and no, I am not trying to be rude here. The fact is, I can hardly keep fresh flowers alive for more than a day and they come with a food packet and sometimes in pre-arranged vases!This being said, we have a plant shelf in our house that I have long wanted a plant for. I have been looking for a plant and a planter that I liked enough to purchase for some time and in the 2.5 years of me living in this house had yet to find one. The nursery is on my route to and from school, our synagogue and to see my Bubbie. I have passed it more times than I can count and it wasn't until last week that I had ever noticed it. Why I noticed it was because they are having a pottery sale and everything is 30% off until the end of the month. I walked in, I was greeted by the lovely Delores and not only did I find the perfect planter and plant, I found another planter for a cheapy plant I bought elsewhere. She has a great eye and even helped me fit the plant I didn't buy there into my new pot. She explained how to care for my 2 new plants and hopefully they will last longer than any previous attempts!This is a great nursery and I am happy to have it in my neighborhood. *I might not be good with plants but I am great with humans and animals*
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2010,6/11/2010,378,165,33,47,42>Mezze is my new favorite placeThe Gentleman that greeted us at the door was friendly and dropped a bit of humor on us. So of course we enter the restaurant with big smiles on our face. We had a choice of seats, and since I like watching kitchen action I chose one closest to it. The décor at Mezze has a very calming effect to it. I surrenderedWe ordered the drink special of the night. Vodka  fruity martini thing.  Seriously dangerous. . We ordered wine, but I can't remember the name of it. (probably because of the "Vodka  fruity martini thing")  It was red and it was good.Shortly after our Martini's were gone, a demitasse cup of soup was brought to our table. A rich and flavorful soup that made me moan with pleasure.  It was a gift from the chef. Who, by the way, I'm hoping will be my next husband.   Just kidding. Mr. H. I ordered all appetizers Baby Mixed Greens salad. Lightly dressed glistening little greens, Dungeness Crab and shrimp Croquettes, Jalapenos Parsley, Cilantro, Lemon Zest & Mascarpone with Avacado Mousseline. They were perfectly crunchy on the outside, and soft and creamy inside.  This is when I started to plan my next visit. I want this again, and soon.Housemade Gnocchi Pulled Duck Confit. Wild Mushroom & Baby root Vegetables in Port Jus. Rich deep flavor.    OrgasmicMr. H ordered the Turkish Lamb Sirloin Shish Kebobs That were marinated with peppers and herbs and served over Saffron Couscous, Leeks, chickpeas, roasted pepper, preserved citrus, toasted pinenuts & mint Jus.   He loved it. The bread was freshly made and just came out of the oven. And house made Foccacia was also served. .Over all this was a pleasurable meal with great service. Our server was efficient with out being intrusive. A fabulous Restaurant just minutes from home.FYI, Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday are corkage free nights.  Parking is difficult, but you can do a little window-shopping while walking to Mezze.
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2009,6/10/2010,286,390,11,10,6>This review is for the lovely and fabulous Dr. Laura Landgraf.If you are in need of chiropractic care, run, don't walk, to see Dr Lara. Dr Laura is the perfect mix of what a health professional should be: compassionate, available, prompt and knowledgeable to a fault. As an added bonus, Dr Laura is quite versed in Naturopathic medicine and was able to suggest two herbal medications to me which have been working wonderfully. She's also gone above and beyond the call of duty and given me some exercises to strengthen my core. While she enjoys helping all people from all walks of life, her special interest is in helping expectant mamas. I refer all my mamas in need of chiropractic care to her as she is knowledgeable about pregnancy as well as passionate about pregnancy.And for the left brain people in the house, sessions are quite reasonable ($60 per session), insurance is accepted and parking is easy.
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2010,6/9/2010,219,246,6,12,9>First Michelin star ever in Oakland earned after being open for only a few months. $59 prix fixe. - Pork jowl with 63 degree egg, to die for. - Kale chowder, heavenly. - Pork tenderloin and belly, swoon. The chefs work together in complete quiet unison like highly trained ninjas. Best meal ever. Thanks to James Syhabout and Zack Freitas for making a wonderful dinner.
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,6/8/2010,342,397,21,18,19>A local business that I am proud to support. Yesterday I decided that Subway for breakfast was just too out of the way, so I popped in before the long drive to San Jose. ( Monday Meetings, ugh)A Englishman greeted me as I stomped in to an empty but enormous building equal parts coffeshop, train station ( not literally), and Connecticut style living room. " Ay, you got any egg dishes?" I asked. " No", he replied. I ordered coffee and figured a sesame bagel with cream cheese and a fuji apple would suffice. $4.95 for all 3. I thanked him and I was on my way. I was jonesing for another cup of coffee this morning, excited that I could walk 2 blocks from my house rather than support the Peets and Starbucks megachain, coffee monopoly. Kind English bloke was no longer in the house, but a kind woman who offered to wash my apple was. I sat down, reading the March/April issue of Alameda magazine. 2 soccer moms and 1 fellow were discussing some sort of fundraiser. 2 dudes who look like they party a lot were getting their coffee, disheveled, groggy. I was reading about this odd little town, while enjoying my dark french roast and noticing the sports memorabilia and appreciating the flyers and announcements towards the entrance that bring together this tight little community. For continental breakfast you will find me here. They also serve salads and sandwiches for lunch. Try High Street Station sometime, it's takes me away to another era...  like a " hot tub time machine."
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2009,6/7/2010,147,273,19,9,18>C oach SushiO h Coach SushiA lone or with C ompanyH appy meS ake, endless sakeU nagi S ome more Toro and H amachiI stumble home with no sobriety
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2010,6/6/2010,523,699,23,17,18>It may seem like an oxymoron, but I'm an impulsive planner.  And vain.  And about to celebrate my 3....29th birthday.  For the past 3 years, my skin has been doing some weird things.  Thankfully, it's not a flesh-eating bacteria or anything, but enough to drive me crazy when I think about it.  Of course, I have a job where I can sit in a cube and hide from the real world all day, so I don't have to worry about it often.  Or when I'm going on a date...so not often.  Recently, I've looked in the mirror and saw that my skin just looked old.  Not Crypt Keeper/Nancy Pelosi/Al Davis old, but it could be fresher.  BAM, I made the decision to get a facial.  I haven't had one since I was in my early 20's, so I am probably due.  For whatever reason, since I've moved to the Bay Area, I have always considered SF to be the place to be to get beauty treatments.  Of course, this also means SF prices, SF parking, and SF attitudes.  Since I've been a homebody lately (trying to save money and my liver), when I searched for "facial,"  I made sure my "near" was Oakland.  BOOM, up comes Skin and Tonic with 5 stars, reviewed by one friend.  Since it was right next door to the yoga studio that I've been going to, I figured I'd give it a shot. I clicked on their website, and they have ONLINE BOOKING.  I love online booking more than anything else in the world.  No snooty receptionist, no having to talk to a live person, no annoying hold music.  I made an appointment for a half hour mini-facial on Wednesday for Friday afternoon.  2 days until I would be beautiful again!  Oh wait, I've never been beautiful.  Never mind.Anyway, I came in, and was greeted by Jeska.  She asked what I was there for, and did a cursory glance of my skin.  Although I was a half-hour early (because obviously I don't pay attention to time), she saw me a little early after the appointment before me.  She then ushered me into the room, where I disrobed (rawr) and lay down for my treatment.  She looked over my skin a little more closely, and asked some questions.  Did I do anything different when my skin started doing this?  Am I allergic to any food?  What products do I use?  All really good questions, although I don't think my answers helped (moved cross country, not that I've noticed recently, and Clinique and Shu).  Anyway, the facial was amazing.  She used some great products (mmm, pumpkin!), did the little zapper thing, and gave me an amazing neck and shoulder massage.  I was in heaven.  I didn't want to look at my skin afterwards because I was afraid, but this morning, I can see a difference, and my skin is as soft as a baby's bottom.  If it's possible to be addicted to facials, I'm in need of Dr. Drew.  The blue decor was very soothing, and I loved the cute bubble mirror things they had in the lobby (like tonic).Needless to say, I'll be back.  Probably more than I should.  They also do waxing, which is a plus.  Definitely for an hour facial before my 3...29th birthday.
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,6/5/2010,218,202,17,24,19>I'm rather quite happy that most of those people standing in the half-block long line at Ici DON'T come here. That means I won't have to wait like those suckers to get one of the best conveyances of calcium, minerals, and fat. Mmmmm, never has frozen milkfat been married to flavors such as these in such a wonderful union!They have too many unique flavors to fixate as a favorite, so I'll just list a handful of my favorites. For the non-adventurous types, any of the sorbets are a safe yet icy cool way to get introduced to Tara's. Agave syrup or nectar is made from the agave plant, so the glycemic index (for you that care) is great for diabetics and folks that are sensitive to sugar spikes. It has no lingering aftertaste like Splenda or the artificial sweeteners so INDULGE! Mango, raspberry, all the singular flavor sorbets are nice, safe flavors as is the sweet cream ice cream, which has a wonderful creamy milk flavor. If you're a bit adventurous, try going off the beaten path- peanut butter ice cream you say? Hellz yeah! Chocolate cherry fudge, with REAL cherries, not those formaldehyde-soaked scary bright red things that dye your intestines an unnatural color, or try walnut, or molasses. OK, now that you're less inhibited, trust me, I won't let you down. If you are not averse to trying something fun, check out the white pepper chocolate chip. it's a chocolate chip ice cream, with a little step of white pepper that zings you AFTER it goes down! Most people don't get the zing until it's past their tongue. Very unique and delicious! Also in this vein is the adzuki sesame. Adzuki is traditionally a Japanese dessert bean, used in mochi fillings and other confections, but it has created a huge following here as the sesame melds the flavors together in a delicious combo- the nuttiness of the sesame really takes this ice cream to the top. Get a double scoop of this in Tara's sesame cone and you will wonder where it's been all your life.Lemon blueberry has got to be another one of our all time favorite flavs, you really do taste each flavor separately, and none of that artificial flavor comes with it. OK, time to take the training wheels off. I'm talking about herbs, spices, and flavor combos you've never imagined in ice cream, but are pleasantly surprisingly tasty. Aren't you glad someone else thought to do this? CORN ice cream you say? just get a sample- it's free, and if you don't like it move on to the next sample! Yerba Santa (or herb saint) is another herby flavor where her ice cream base kicks this herb to a whole new taste level. it's usually used in Mexican cooking but I never would have thought to try it in an ice cream! Her Santa Fe roots really come shining through with these two flavor choices!Pandan is a mild herb used in southeast Asian cuisines, most often the Phillippines for desserts and cakes, and goes well with Tara's ice cream base. it's herbal but in a mild way, like chamomile, and simply wonderful.OK, now that I've begun to introduce you to some of the flavors here, you owe it to yourself to get over to Tara's to try some of them. Healthier than all the other ice cream available (they have info on their website), you deserve a healthy yet *tastes like full blown evil* treat!
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,6/4/2010,213,365,29,24,19>I tried to weed out the stuff I didn't want BEFORE I moved.  But it didn't quite work out that way.  I had several bags of clothes and some kitchen items to donate.  Enter St. Vincent De Paul.  Not the actual saint, but the charitable organization.  Although, it would be cool if the for-reals St. Vincent was at the drop-off spot to take my stuff.  That would be a great story to tell the ladies at the coffee klatch after mass!Make sure your stuff for donation is in good condition and clean!  This is not the dumps, people.  Remember, if you wouldn't want to buy the stuff you are donating, then they probably don't want your raggedy shit!  Ooops.  I mean, call Waste Management to make an extra pick-up for those items unsuitable for donation.
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2010,6/3/2010,506,510,10,16,12>I thought reaching 100 reviews was the pinnacle of my Yelp Eliteness, but here I am at 200 reviews and I'm still seeking new adventures. I am surrounded by many great reviewers and keeping up with them is quite a task.Tonite's adventure for a party of four was the Vietnamese cuisine restaurant Dragon Rouge in Alameda, not far from my 2 bedroom flat. The Dragon Rouge is a first for Alameda, an upscale restuarant that offers many authentic dishes. The pho restaurants don't count because of the variety of dishes not offered. Sorry...I'm the critic here.I'm a big fan of appetizers and the Dragon Rouge offers many.  First offering was the Crispy Garlic Wings ($7.00) these were wings seasoned with a garlic sauce and a punch that I have never tasted in wings. Sorry Hooters, you have been beat on this one. Second offering was the Garlic Battered Scallops ($9.00) I must admit scallops rate high on my list and these scallops were moist and flavorful are just hard to be beat. I thought the Grilled Lemongrass Chicken rolls ($7.00) were ordinary. The flavor did not jump out and I'm glad they had a sweet and sour sauce to add some extra zing.  The Mango salad ($9.00) with fresh greens, fresh mango and a light dressing was very refreshing. I'm a  big fan of mangos.The Mekong Skewer Platter (22.00) is the main headliner among the entrees. Chicken, shrimp, steak and pork skewers grilled to perfection. Yumm, that marinade was so flavorful with a hint of garlic. I think next time I will just order platters of the skewers and skip everything else. Served in iceberg lettuce wraps with a light sauce. The Dragon Rouge has an extensive menu, they have a full bar and  offer a large variety of Vietnamese beers. Another Hanoi lager for me please.  Parking is a little tight but you might get lucky. Onward to 300 reviews.
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,6/2/2010,212,286,12,16,14>So im finally sick of everything, now i have to venture into new territory. This was my first time having Afghan food and i have to say im a fan. It took quite awhile for me to give this place a try. I been coming to the Emeryville Public Market ever since i was a kid and i always went either to Thai food or Korean BBQ. But after passing this spot up for many years it was time to give it a shot. Every time i pass by this spot they are handing out samples of their chicken and i always decline to taste it. Then i finally gave in and tried it out and wow i was surprised i liked it. So i got me a plate, i was eating with my eyes. Anything that looked good i went for it. I got a 3 plate combo the ground beef curry, lamb curry, and chicken spinach over saffron rice. Everything tasted great, real flavorful and for $10 my plate was over flowing. It even came with a drink, what a deal. Now im officially a fan of Afghan food, only challenge now is to get all my friends to try it out. static.px.yelp.com/bphot… Overall if your @ the Emeryville Public Market and cant make up your mind on what to eat give Pamir Afghan a try you might be surprised.4 Stars for Pamir Afghan Cuisine in Emerville
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2010,6/1/2010,224,231,10,16,15>The Goorin Brothers have been serious about hats since 1895. Which means they know what goes into making their quality goods with classic and creative touches that are a cut above the rest of the competition out there. From cabbies to fedoras, casual to formal, the Goorin Bros have you covered (literally).So all you Berkeley and Oakland ladies and gents are in luck. They recently opened up a new store right on College in lovely Elmwood. And just like their other stores goorin.com/hat-shops, this one is another work of art that naturally exudes a swanky, badass vibe. Trust me, trying on hats here feels like a whole 'nother experience - you just feel good, look good.While I'm not a huge hat person, I do own a Goorin cap myself. Hats run from $20 to as high as $100. So shelling out $100 on a fedora can be a bit much but damn, if I saw a Don Draper lookalike with this crowning his head goorin.com/hats/fedora/m…, I'd jump his bones. Don Draper down to a T by the way!
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2010,5/31/2010,294,247,27,29,29>IT'S NEVER TOO LATE TO HAVE A HAPPY CHILDHOOD!I wanted to buy a gift for a friend's (almost) two year old child. And as any old librarian will tell you, even though I didn't have the answer, I knew where to start looking. It was right in my backyard, of course. "FIve Little Monkeys" is just around the corner from the Albany Preschool.And although over sixty years have passed, I still think of Albany Preschool  as "my" school .Returning to the old 'hood was rather like having a go at a second childhood. MIss Curran would have been proud. This time round I wasn't going to spill the little pitcher of milk as I poured it into my cup.At least metaphorically.  The store has a great selection of high quality stuff,  selected with an eye to durability, "fair trade" and child interest. I knew that I'd find just the gift I was looking for, but I had no idea *what* it would be. So I browsed around. Train set? I'd love one, but probably Emma Lynn wasn't quite ready for it. Book? You know I love books, but I wasn't sure which ones she already had. And although one can never have enough books, no kid needs a lot of copies of the *same* book. (Librarians do...but we are mark-it-and-part-it people.)A puzzle? I love puzzles, but I thought she might be young enough to swallow a piece. And a piece of puzzle just isn't as digestible as a piece of pie...So...I found the ideal little crocheted Princess Puppet. And, for good measure, I also picked up the perfect little Froggy puppet. Of course, it might have been a toad...but then, Frog and Toad Are Friends. You never know whether a kid is a frog-lovin' type or a fairy-princess lovin' type. But either way I had it covered. And, as every little girl knows, you have to kiss a lot of frogs before you find your prince...so...I had both of them gift wrapped together...with a fancy curly bow. I knew Miss Emma Lynn would enjoy opening her present almost as much as the adults would enjoy watching her open it. Left the store whistling "The More We Get Together". Felt so fine that I actually paid one full dollar to two little girls selling lemonade on the corner. They poured the stuff from the pitcher into the cup beautifully, so I didn't even have to embarass Miss Curran with my sloppiness or lack of manners. Swallowed the lemonade in a single swig and no, ladies...but thanks for asking. It wasn't too sour. Headed back up to my trusted Caravan which was parked right infront of the aforementioned Albany Nursery School. Which is, by the way, right next door to the Albany Senior Center. Wonder if *those* folks can pour their milk from tiny pitchers into their cups without spilling???And yes, Emma Lynn liked her present. The curly bow and the paper were a great success. The princess and the frog, less so. But her parents enjoyed playing with them...and so did I.
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2009,5/30/2010,294,86,12,14,14>With its street corner location and brick red exterior, 900 Grayson catches your eye as you're driving down 7th street in Berkeley.  The cozy interior is even more unforgettable with its modern, comfortable, and welcoming vibe.   The menu is comprised of fun and uniquely named salads, sandwiches, and hearty entree selections, ranging from "Panini of the Day" to the "TV dinner" (changes daily, always a starch and a veggie).  Some highlights include the famous grayson burger and the savory demon lover.  As a new patron, I knew I had to try these fabled dishes.  As I waited for my mouthwatering lunch, I started with the virgin libation they call the Rickey - a refreshing pomegranate and lime sparkling delight.The grayson burger arrived medium rare, just as I requested, covered in perfectly crispy bacon, white cheddar cheese, and crispy shoestring onions, married between two soft, flaky buns.  The burger was a generous portion of creekstone natural beef and was perfectly cooked, but I found myself looking for that special something to bring it all together - it was missing that "je ne sais quoi".  The herb french fries were crispy and tasty, a nice addition to the grayson.  The demon lover was my first real encounter with chicken and waffles, and it definitely won't be my last.  There's something deliciously sinful about a nicely seasoned piece of chicken nestled atop a waffle, drenched in savory gravy.  The amount of gravy was a bit on the heavy side for my taste, so I would definitely ask for it on the side next time.       Service was friendly and attentive even when the lunch crowd and large parties spilled through the doors.  Seating is intimate, making this a nice locale for lunch with friends or family.  Great food, friendly service and a warm atmosphere made my first visit a memorable dining experience. For new foodies and regulars alike, 900 Grayson turns out food that will have you licking your lips and counting down the days till your next visit.
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,5/29/2010,198,153,10,15,14>"If you don't love life you can't enjoy an oyster; there is a shock of freshness to it and intimations of the ages of man, some piercing intuition of the sea and all its weeds and breezes. [They] shiver you for a split second."-Eleanor Clark Happy Hour at Sea Salt is perfection. The space is inviting and service is unfailingly gracious. Initially, I'd planned on sharing a dozen of those deliciously briny bivalves with a friend, but after several glasses of prosecco, one happy hour turned into a long, lovely lunch. Highly recommend a visit for the $1 oysters and drink specials, but don't pass up the BLT (Bacon, Lettuce and Trout) sandwich.
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2009,5/28/2010,564,188,33,27,20>When I came to Port Costa to patronize one of the town's like, three business establishments this past weekend, I really didn't think I'd be spending the night, much less in this flea pit.  But oh, how very, very wrong I was.  After a few too many drinks at the Warehouse Cafe across the street, I somehow woke up in this brothel-turned-hotel, or as other Yelpers have put it, the whore-tel.  Instead of having numbered rooms, every room is named after a working girl.  So more specifically, I actually woke up inside of Ethyl.  That's right, not Ethyl as in I Love Lucy Ethel, but Ethyl as in Ethyl Alcohol kind of Ethyl, and boy, is Ethyl ever a filthy girl.When I woke up, the first thoughts that popped into my head were, "Where am I?" and "How did I get here?", but those thoughts quickly subsided when I became infatuated with the many mysterious stains on the ceiling.  One stain in particular looked spider-shaped, possibly a crack, but at second glance, it turns out that it was actually a spider, and just a few minutes later, that spider started fighting with two other spiders, possibly over a turf/stain.Other things that I noticed: My headboard was partially burnt and had transparent, sticky, red goo on it.  The dresser was disgusting, but it matched the headboard.  There was a rusted, vintage Haas & Sons truffle tin on it.  My blanket was covered in stains and had what looked like dried salad on it.  There were air fresheners all over the place, as if they would help.  The window sill was covered in cobwebs.  There were no amenities whatsoever -- no soap, no toothbrushes, no towels, no trashcans and definitely no TV or fridge.  I was surprised that there was even toilet paper.And the strangest part?  My probably 200 square feet bedroom, including the bathroom, had six doors in it.  Three doors in the bathroom, two of which were locked, and three in the main room.  One was to get out to the hallway, one was for a closet, and the third had a table in it and could connect to the other room.  I'm really curious about the other two doors in the bathroom.The hallways were covered in blindingly disgusting, yet awesome, mismatched, velvet flocked wallpaper, and contain weird, old decor.  There was a magazine with Teddy Kennedy in his heyday on the cover sitting on one of the tables.  On the walls were creepy paintings of children from probably the 1800's.  Why there are pictures of children on the walls of a former brothel we'll never know.If you choose to stay here, sober, and at your own will, well, then you're... special, but more power to you.  People probably only stay here if they plan on getting hammered at the Warehouse, or in my case, after accidentally getting hammered.I know that I've probably made this place sound really unsavory, but I can't help but give it five stars because of the Burlington's *awesome* factor.  This is seriously one of the coolest, and most trippiest places that I've ever been.  I can't say that I'd jump at a second chance to stay here, but I'd love to visit it again as a museum and take pictures because it's oh-so-fascinating.  That, or I accidentally get hammered at the Warehouse.  Again.By the way, if you're curious about the history of the Burlington, this is a really, really interesting article: sfgate.com/cgi-bin/artic…
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2010,5/27/2010,1211,478,23,27,25>Cheap, janky, Chinese food with good service!I know..unbelievable huh?The lady even apologized that it took her a while to get me my water.3 dishes for $17.99Salt and pepper spare ribs, fried flounder, and seafood clay pots for an unbeatable price.Impressive.I'm a fan.
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2010,5/26/2010,102,109,12,12,12>Initially, I was looking at various wineries & vineyards in Livermore to hold a quiet, outdoor casual company meeting, but after checking the 10 day forecast, the rain didn't show much sign of letting up.. so Campo di Bocce was the best in-door alternative.I called a couple days in advance to reserve a table for 10 & when we got there, they had the water & menus all ready for us. Awesome! Fortunately, it turned out blue skies & light winds, so we ended up asking for an outdoor table, which our server, Gerald, was more than happy to immediately rectify for us. By the time we all showed up shortly thereafter, he had us relocated with the quickness & even was happy enough to turn on their heaters to keep us comfortable.As we settled into our casual meeting outing just in time for Happy Hour, the half off appetizers & wine came out very swiftly. If it weren't for the company event, I would've stuffed my mouth with no shame whatsoever. Everything was so damn scrumptious. We ordered the Lamb Lollipops, the bruschetta, calamari, meatballs & parmesan, & the supreme veggie pizza. The lamb lollipops were absolutely mouth watering & the bruschetta was stacked with extra roma tomatoes with fresh mozzarella, just the way I like it! The meatballs were no Buca di Beppo meatballs, but were definitely decent sized which I could've eaten all day. Their calamari was the only thing that slightly lacked my expectations, being a bit more rubbery than I like, but edible non the less. The pizza had a nice crisp to it & was definitely a keeper. For the wine. After looking over the menu, Gerald, being very knowledgeable & insightful on the aromas & distinct tastes of some of their specific wines, he recommended Boa Ventura of Livermore, which had a smooth, sweet berry finish which left a big impression in my mouth & my mind. Also tried the 2006 St. M Riesling which was more  medium-dry, crisp & refreshing which paired perfectly with the meal.Customer service was impeccable! Always kept our table clear of finished dishes, water to the brim, non intrusive, professional, knowledgeable, quick & responsive. Never had us waiting for just a moment. What more can you ask for? Great great customer service by Gerald.The bill came out to just below budget which couldn't have been more perfect. Only regret is that we didn't get a game of Bocce Ball in. $10 for an hour & a half of play, maybe next time.
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2009,5/25/2010,341,458,14,20,19>Great things about the Broken Rack:1) Well maintained, good equipment.2) Clean, well-lighted room, with plenty of space to move around.3) Full bar.4) Cold Moose Drool Ale on tap.5) They sponsor a stop on the Western Women's Regional 9-ball Tour every year.6) Decent food.7) Proximity to a great variety of eats at the Marketplace.8) Wednesday Ladies' Night.9) Diverse and pleasant clientele.10) Caters to both recreational and competitive players.My only complaint is that the service is hit or miss.  To the Broken Rack: If you had not sponsored the WWR Tour for years, I probably never would have had a reason set foot in your pool room.  Now, it's my first recommendation when meeting up to play with my East Bay or SF friends.  Thanks for your continued support of women's billiards!
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2009,5/24/2010,833,1145,16,17,14>BEST DIM SUM SPOT IN OAKLAND CHINATOWN (but no further)5/5 cart frequency5/5 cheapness3/5 cleanliness4/5 service (not bad for crowded weekends)3/5 noise (the louder the better)2/5 decor (but what do you expect?!)The line can get long, but it's just as long wherever else you decide to go. This can only mean that it's good! It has all the standard dim sum fare and my favorite dishes. If you don't see what you want, ask them to know whether they will be bringing it out soon or not! That way, you don't have to wait forever and arguing whether to grab the check or not.Also notable service to a diverse group of 4 consisting of 1 black dude who knows one sentence in chinese, 1 white chick who forgot all the chinese she learned in the three years she studied it, 1 asian guy who forgot all the chinese he learned in his life, and 1 asian girl who just hasn't spoken chinese in a long ass time. Really. They were so nice and patient with us, thanking us this way and that. I usually just order for us all because it's easier and faster, but the servers actually took the time to explain to everyone at our table what they had in their cart.Today: $22.95 for 4 satisfied people (2 guys, 2 girls)On Sunday, there is no small/medium/large differentiation between dishes. So we had 11 dishes listed on our bill, though we actually ate 12 because one lady had forgotten to mark our bill. We also had tea, so if you think about it, it was only $2 per dish.HELLA CHEAP, i TELL YOU!parking meter right out front is $1.50 for 1 hour
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,5/23/2010,217,1121,9,16,14>Truly a local gem!  I remember going as a kid and now I get to share the fun with my daughter.  We enjoy going for their "Toddler Time" program on select Tuesdays (check the East Bay Regional Park website for schedule).   There is a short circle time with a story and then the kids do a farm chore and get to meet/feed the animal of the day.  Today we ground corn for the goats and fed them.  Definitely bring a picnic so you can stay and enjoy all the animals the farm has to offer:  chickens, pigs, sheep, rabbits, turkeys, peacocks, doves and goats!You absolutely cannot beat the price...$2 for adults, kids under 4 are free and there's no parking fee.
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2010,5/22/2010,883,311,26,18,23>Oh la la! Gregoire, I have a fatty crush on you, you sexy sexy man. And by man, I mean menu. So this tiny spot has been taunting me for a while, but my friend had succumbed to the taunting and decided I needed to be induced as well.  Well, first of all, it's off on Cedar, kind of hidden and has two tiny picnic tables and about three barstools inside as far as seating. But in a place this tiny and cute, that's ok. It's actually quite endearing. What it lacks in size, it makes up for in technique.(Note, above statement does not apply to everything, but does in this context)The menu changes monthy (which is way too cool) but the OMGIHAVETOTRYTHIS item (according to my accompanyment) is the potato puffs.  We got an order of that and the pesto potatoes (What? I'm hella Irish).The potato puffs are insanely good, perfectly excecuted, and just freaking cute.  Similar to hush puppies, but much better designed and perfectly battered and salted, and came with a really good dipping sauce.  The pesto was much better than I anticipated! It wasn't doused in pesto like I had envisioned (I love pesto!) but it had a nice undertone and was really well cooked.  It almost smelled like pizza, but that may have been a draft coming from Cheeseboard.Gregoire, I like you. If you want to go to the dance with me, please check Yes. If not, check No and give it to my friend at recess.[ ] Yes[ ] No
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,5/21/2010,628,530,27,18,21>(To the tune of Keisha's Tik Tok-not that I think that song is catchy or anything...)I wake up in the mornin'Feeling like some milk tea,Got my wallet,I'm out the door,I'm gonna get that milk tea,Before I leave grab my coupon,I got from going so much, 'Cause when I get there who knowsWhat I'll get there at lunch.I'm talkin' 'bout menu novels long, longCrisp waffles n' jelly bowls, bowlsnothing I've had tastes wrong, wrong(egg puffin')playing all Asian CD'sComin' right after parties,Nothing that will get you tipsy.Please stop, for clay pot,Waiter fill my free tea up,Tonight imma bite till we see the sunlight,Take a walk round the block'Cause you've eaten so much nowwhoa - oh oh ohwhoa - oh oh ohPlease stop, for clay pot,Waiter fill my free tea up,Tonight imma bite till we see the sunlight,Take a walk round the block'Cause you've eaten so much nowwhoa - oh oh ohwhoa - oh oh ohOk I seriously have too much time...and I now come here obsessively.  I want to try everything. No joke.  I have brought any number of diverse people here and there something for every person, mood, and craving.Always affordable, huge portions, great service, open late, freshly made.    Though if you come on a Friday or Saturday late night be prepared to wait a bit because everyone else had the same fantastic idea as you and the staff never rush anyone out.  Be prepared to have people sitting at tables having paid their bill slowly sipping their tea with a line out the door.  It's ok because once you have a table you can settle in for a night of delicious socializing.
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,5/20/2010,338,1028,12,20,18>Jac C and I had our wedding reception here earlier this month.  I enjoyed every minute of it.  We wanted a reception site that was unique, classy, romantic, fun and memorable and that is exactly what we got at the Blackhawk Museum.The Blackhawk Museum and Scott's Catering (their on site event coordinator) provided the best space and service I could have asked for.  The museum is spacious, yet warm, and provided the perfect environment for our friends and family to gather for a fabulous evening of the ideal wedding reception trifecta of drinks, dinner and dancing.  During the "cocktail hour" our guests enjoyed beverages, appetizers, the third floor showroom and the second floor mezzanine.  We had a band playing jazz standards and such on the mezzanine and it seems that fun was had by all.  They keep the main showroom closed until guests enter for dinner.  I don't think some of our guests believed me that they would be eating their meal and dancing the night away surrounded by classic cars.  It is a bit surreal.  The black marble is not only beautiful but also a great dance floor!Unique, classy, romantic, fun and memorable?  Yes!
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2009,5/19/2010,137,325,13,15,13>Spotted this little gem from way down the street as we headed to Hayward to shop for tile.Pulled in and was immediately greeted by the sweetest Korean bartender named "Goo" (pronounced G' You) now goes by Jinifer.Her long islands were strong, she told the most vulgar jokes with a sweet innocent Asian smile on her face, offered us complimentary popcorn AND....guess answers with us as we watched Family Fued on TV.  She also shared secret herbal remedies, secrets of Asian culture and tradition with us - she was darling!I'm not in Hayward often but will always make a pit stop at Curly's every time I am!
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2009,5/17/2010,726,863,21,21,18>Size of drink menu: a full 8 x 10 sheet that's double-sidedSize of food menu: a skinny bookmarkMy kind of place.The setting is dark but comfortable. I loved all the chandeleirs. There's a patio, a bar, tables, and those ottoman/coffee table things that I'm seeing a lot of on Grand Ave. these days. The staff is very personable and really eager to please. The bartender managed to successfully woo me from my standby Maker's Mark to try one of their house coctails. If you are apprehensive about any alcoholic ingredients that you've never heard of, the bartender's totally willing to let you taste some of it. The ingredients are local. (Acme bread!) I got the beef sandwich and my meat came out nice and red like I like it! My only complaint was that, for the price, the dinner portions were kinda small. Their "social bites" sounded really good and I think I'll just get a few of those next time.But seriously, this is an undervisited and underappreciated part of Grand Ave. Everyone always stays by the lake and fails to explore life on the other side of the 580 overpass. If you can stumble to The Alley, you can stumble a little further to here. It's great for an awkward first date, catching up with your friends, or sitting at the bar by yourself. (Don't judge; just because no man's taking me out these days doesn't mean I can't have a nice meal every now and then!)Also, if you're around on Sunday afternoon, stop by for their wine tasting fundraiser for Children's Hospital. Come on Yelpers, drink for the kids!
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2009,5/16/2010,414,294,13,14,14>for it's heavenly good taste... 5 stars.. for what it can do to u body... 1 star.... end result 4 stars! seriously who doesn't like fried stuff? if u dun.. stop reading right here. lol~ for something so close to home and so unique.. I just have to drop by n give this highly yelp recommended place a try! omg... seriously? wut the freak.. they fired anything here... have u ever hear of deep fried PB&J? I dun think so.. at least not me! anyway.... this was my first time in my whole entire life to tried fried twinkies and  fried oreos... o boy..I must admit.I LIKE IT! I lIKE IT A LOT!  they are heavenly!! personally I love love love oreo! but I couldn't believe it tasted even better fried. You would think the oreo will still be hard. But think again.. after being fried it was actually soft... it was sooooooo good. fried twinkies? hmm... not bad.. I think the fried oreos was a lot better! I did noticed it actually tasted better when it's cool down. Which totally remind me of a funnel cake... y? because it taste like funnel cake. haha~ totally worth the experience... cheap and unique. but definitely not something u want to have often... u mite as well wheel urself into Washington hospital after this. o yes... it's that unhealthy for u! I can feel my arteries clogging up. opps~check it urself.. here is some picz yelp.com/biz_photos/E6U2… yelp.com/biz_photos/E6U2… yelp.com/biz_photos/E6U2… yelp.com/biz_photos/E6U2… o... on the side note. dun hand money to the person who takes ur order... u actually pay at the gas station cashier.. dun be stupid like me!
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2010,5/15/2010,264,294,12,13,14>What other bar would explicitly say on their website that their mission is to have cheap drinks with no cover?Hey, Yelp stalkers (that are dwindling in numbers every day)! Want to stalk for reals? I'm here every Friday without fail because this bar is so freaking awesome. Though it's not on the ridiculously cheap Happy Hour special list ($3 drafts and well drinks), their Dirty Martinis are some of the best I've ever had (still at a super cheap price!).Do yourself a favor and get there early to snag a seat on the outdoor patio under the lemon tree. The Heart and Dagger has friendly service (I need not mention their predecessors), friendly patrons, and an all together relaxed and fun vibe. Cash only, and watch out. I'll probably steal your seat on the patio.
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/17/2009,5/14/2010,301,844,12,20,16>Amazing concept and fairly well-executed. They aren't kidding - it really is free books. Anyone can walk in empty-handed and walk out with up to 50 books for no cost. All you're required to do is give the friendly staffer your name. Of course, they'd love to have you drop off books you don't want anymore, and I did just that, making my roommate happy by clearing two large boxes of books out of the closet.Be aware that many shelves are admittedly Unsorted, and even the "sorted" ones aren't terribly well organized. If you're looking for Harlequin romances (and equivalents), you're in luck - they appeared to have as many of those as everything else combined!This "store" is definitely an ideal place to stop by before heading to the airport!
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2010,5/13/2010,327,957,16,20,20>Had lunch with an old friend today...and Uncle Yu's gets it's fifth star...outstanding!!The staff was spot on...warm greeting, great table, perfect service. The Hostess/Owner went way beyond, recognizing us as past patrons, and providing nice mango sorbet with candles for dessert...as we were both celebrating birthdays!!I had the Crispy Spicy Prawns, and Vegetable Chow Mien.  This was served with a great hot and sour soup, colorful cauliflower and broccoli.  The sauce was light, spicy, and slightly sweet...yum!!We happened on Kalin wine...and tasted the 1998 Semillon and 1974 Cuvee W.....OMG!!!  See my review of Kalin winery!!  Thank you Uncle Yu's to introducing me to my new favorite wine!!!Now that I am hooked on the wine, you know I will be back soon!!
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2009,5/12/2010,270,66,16,28,24>One evening we discovered that our bathtub seemed to be backed up, and when we flushed our toilet, the still water in our bathtub would rise.  This was a major red flag because out of the 10+ years living here, that has never happen.  So my first instinct was to immediately get Roto Rooter here asap! BUT when I called and asked how much they charged, they quoted me $240 PER HOUR and that wasn't including any parts!  Immediately I hung up the phone and searched on yelp for any good plumbers in the area. Luckily I found Bonafide Plumbing!  When I called around 8PM I was crossing my fingers that someone would answer, and they surprisingly did!  Thank goodness for that!  Within 30mins I had the plumber at my door.  The plumber was Ed, and he was a very friendly and approachable guy.  He wasn't able to fix the problem right away since he needed to purchase parts and the hardware stores were closed at that point.   So he showed up first thing in the morning and worked on it! All in all he charged me $300 for more than 3+ hours of working on our plumbing and including the parts.  He also fixed little niches we needed fixed around the bathroom which is a huge plus!  And most importantly he told us that if we ever had any more back up problems with our plumbing the charge will only be $50 flat! So in the future, if anyone needs a plumber, don't immediately go to the commercialized Roto Rooter, go to Bonafide Plumbing!
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2010,5/11/2010,435,149,10,16,15>I signed up for their introductory pass which is a great deal ($20 for 3 classes, you have to use it up within three weeks) and an intro to shimmy pop.  They also offer classes for belly dance, but I was more interested in "workout" type classes so I tried both shimmy pop and shimmy pop club remix classes.  They were both kick-ass cardio workout, which was exactly what I was going for.Their website allows you to sign up online for individual classes with a 12-hour cancellation policy.  The evening classes fill up pretty quickly so plan ahead.I liked the fact that it was all women's classes, the mood was fun and supportive.  The club remix class had additional "fun" factor such as revolving lights and the disco ball in a darkened studio.  The music was not traditional middle eastern music but it did not bother me, the routines definitely included some belly dancing-esque abs/hip workout moves.  The instructors I had, Christina and Samar, were both awesome.You can check out the regular rates on their website: $16 per pass for a drop-in class, or $220 for 20 passes (expires in 6 months).  For me, this is a bit steep, especially given the "expiration date" imposed on the packages but you never know, I might drop in for some fun workout from time to time.
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,5/10/2010,237,521,13,16,14>For those of us that have been traveling across the bay to see wonderful entertainment and performing arts at a very reasonable price, welcome to the Marsh in Berkeley.This facility is located in the heart of downtown Berkeley.  Within 1 block of the Berkeley Bart Station (yeah, the round one with no parking) and tons of local eats!  There is parking on the street (free after 6pm) and parking garages nearby.My personal dinner choice is Angelines yelp.com/biz/angelines-l… which is just 1 block away.  Again, walking distance.  There are alot of other choices, and in many different price ranges.I was really excited to find out that Don Reed was going to launch the Marsh's opening on the East Side of the bay.  yelp.com/biz/don-reed-oa…So take a moment and check out some discounted tickets goldstar.com/join?p=F706… with a free membership at Goldstar and then look up the Marsh Theater for their current events goldstar.com/venues/san-…  With tickets as low as $10 and snacks at $1 (cookies, juice, tea, coffee), you can't go wrong!Most important?  Get out, have fun and support the arts!
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2010,5/9/2010,304,243,17,19,21>Marita's has once again come through wonderfully! Full sheet red velvet cake was PERFECT for my baby niece's Red Egg & Ginger Party (1mth welcoming after birth) with color & most of all taste! yelp.com/biz_photos/fevD…$49 Half Sheet Red Velvet (feeds 30-40+ ppl)$77 Full Sheet Red Velvet (feeds 60-80+ ppl)$7 for msg....24hr notice typically, but pick up on special holidays or special wkends, 1-week notice req'dThank goodness there were 3 firemen stoppin' in for some sweets when I went to go pick up cake this past Sunday 2/7/10...ok, they didn't have to be firemen, but ladies it sure was nice they were ;-) ...anywho, the kind gents helped carry the cake to my truck. I drove carefully & the cake made its destination w/o any bumps on the sides *WOO-HOO*!We had a whoooole lotta cake left over, but all that meant was plenty of "take home" for everyone ^_^ yelp.com/biz_photos/fevD…
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2009,5/7/2010,483,161,10,13,12>The 15 year search is now over.This is the first official authentic Philly Cheesesteak in NorCal.  Ever since Ive bin in Cali, there hasnt been any better.  Ive visited every cheesesteak place out here - theres been many dissappointments..  Theres lots of great cheesesteaks, but none are true Philly.  I ate one every day after school for many years back in grade school, so this makes me an expert on authentiicity.True to taste.  Depending on what part of the east coast you lived on, you had the choice of American White or Cheez Wiz.  Thats it, nothing else.  Dont try to fake me out with yellow american or swiss... wtf.Tom imports his products from the east, so everything is true to taste.  Get the Rocky, if you dont like it hot, get it w\o peppers.. you wuss.  Dont forget the Butterscotch Krimpets for dessert.  11 bux will get you a soda, dessert and chips.DAMN thats some good cheesesteak.. you wont be dissappointed!
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,5/6/2010,423,725,27,35,31>It's extremely rare to have a great experience at a doctor's office, but that's what I had today at East Bay Family Practice.  I usually pick my own physician with my PPO plan, so I don't have a family doctor or general practicioner - until now.  My health plan's provider lookup is absolutely USELESS, so I turned to Yelp first and cross-referenced it with my in-plan network after.  It took a bit of work but it paid off this time.I'm getting ahead of myself, though - I went in today for bad flu symptoms, and was able to get a new-patient, same-day appointment with Dr. Lowenthal within a couple of hours of calling.  Routine physical, some good advice, and a blood test just to see if there was anything more serious.  What really put my last-minute, first visit over the top, though, was that Dr. Lowenthal called me later (at about 7pm!) about some concerns I had and about my request to get a Tamiflu prescription to shorten the duration of my flu since I have a work trip coming up.  She said it was hard to get Tamiflu prescriptions currently, even for confirmed H1N1 cases, and to call back tomorrow if my symptoms took a turn for the worse for the prescription.In the meantime, I took some advice from their website for seasonal flu, and got some Sambucol - elderberry extract that has some of the same effects as Tamiflu.  Should help things a bit . . . Highly recommended - good doctors can be tough to find!
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2009,5/5/2010,711,1293,13,27,19>Jason Roche came out to inspect our currently in escrow new home today and I can only give him 5 stars.Really, the bar only lets me go up to five.Showing up early, even before us, he was straightforward, thorough and vocal about the problems and pluses of the home we will soon own.With his friendly and knowledgeable demeanor he tested everything, going above and beyond to find any problems that would hamper us in future days after purchase.Because I took notes, my family left satisfied, knowing what would need to be fixed and what we had lucked out in finding. I would recommend him to anyone needing a home inspector.
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2009,5/4/2010,610,620,14,21,19>If the recommendation is that you get your hair trimmed/cut every 4 weeks, I was about 25x over due.  The last time I took my daughter to get her hair cut, I took her to one of those tres chic places.  It took over an hour, the lady wouldn't shut up and it cost me close to a C-note.  It left such a bad taste in my mouth; I put off getting my own locks cut for another half a year after that.However, 35 began to loom ominously and I knew it was time to face the music.  My daughter was also ready for a change and asked if she could tag along.  I woke up feeling lucky and spontaneously drove us to Hair Masters.  It's right next door to the grocery store that I frequent nearly every day.  I know it's one of "those places" and it's a cheap cut but I decided to roll the dice.  We showed up armed to wait.  Magazines, Ipods, etc. We didn't have reservations so I figured it would be at least an hour before we would see a chair, plus there were two of us in need of a cut.As if royalty, we walked in, were welcomed and escorted to our thrones.  I'm not kidding.  Absolutely no wait.  There was a younger gal with a stylish cut herself and Trish (who cut my hair) ready with scissors in hand.  I sent my daughter over to the younger gal. We had each brought a photo of what we were hoping to achieve.My daughter got the exact cut she was hoping for. She was afraid whoever cut her hair would chop off too much.  The stylist stuck to exactly what she asked for, an updated version of her long locks. It's cute, punky and fun.  My stylist (Trish) took a minute to asses my hair's natural attributes and suggested a cut above my chin.  I was so sick of seeing pictures of the back of my hair looking akin to a sick corpse; I was ready for a monumental change. I gave her the thumbs up.I love it.  I think it is the best haircut I have ever had in my life.We were in and out with a flash.  Even including their tips, I spent less than $50 for both of us to get awesome cuts.  So will I be back?  You bet!
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2010,5/3/2010,380,441,26,30,30>this place is sick. im kinda upset that it took me a couple years to try it out, but im glad i did. thalassa is huge. they have pool tables in the front, a huge bar inside, tons of comfy seating, an outdoor patio with a pool table, and a giant pool hall to round it out(30 or so tables).i loved the decor as well. you feel like you are on a ship. the bar is neon colored, with fish-tanks everywhere. super cool. drinks are pretty cheap($4-$5 for beer) and they have some nice specials. the bartenders were awesome and very nice.pool is $5 an hour during happy hour. and you don't have to play the full hour, they will pro-rate it. great price.this place was pretty tame at around 8 or so. but after an hour of pool, and heading back to the bar area, it was incredibly packed with 21+ year old college peeps. definitely took me back to my college days. great scene for sure.my only complaint was this one dumbass that pushed girls left and right to get to the front of the bar. i talked(screamed) ish to him for 5 minutes, but left it at that. he was the scurred type that only talks back while walking away. a couple years ago, i woulda spent the night in jail. but i didn't wanna get 86'd from this place!!!
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2010,5/2/2010,108,1734,23,30,32>I didn't buy new tires Friday, but that's only because Don said I didn't need them yet.  Alan bought tires for his car here late last year and was pleased, so we stopped in w/ my car to have mine checked.  Don looks to be in his 70s, but is still agile enough to get down on his haunches to take a good look at tires close up.  He's the kind of guy I like, quick w/ a gruff joke and a twinkle.  He gave my rear tires a clean bill of health and said I had about 5,000 miles left on my front ones.  As much as I'm driving these days, that's close to a year.  He called my car a muscle car.  Cool.  When it's time to buy you can be sure I'll come back here.
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2009,5/1/2010,351,295,5,6,6>We had an adventure and a half at this place...Me n wifey are a fan of the food but we loved this place most because of the open kitchen.. We pulled up two seats right at the open kitchen counter.. Damn..You ever watch traffic accidents happen and say oh damn....... Well it was one hour of watchin the cooks masterfully negotiate ordered chaos.. It was the craziest scene I have ever seen.. I guess I never sat front row center of a busy kitchen (who does?haha), but that was some crazee sheyt... I thought nursing was crazee.. Anyway, the highlights for me were 16 oz "Bife de Chorizo" Steak--New York strip steak with chimichurri, and the Warm Chocolate Bread Pudding-- Mexican chocolate ice cream Mexican chocolate ice cream.. Orgasm in my mouth...Quite an experience... Server was great and he was spot on with his recommendations.. Dinner for 2, kitchen seats pls!!!
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2009,4/30/2010,412,187,21,19,22>Excuse me for a moment as I channel Ms. Midler"Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.It must have been cold there in my shadow,to never have sunlight on your face.You were content to let me shine, that's your way.You always walked a step behind."My heart goes out to the overshadowed, the overlooked, the ignored. So talented but so unloved. Robin got the gay jokes while Batman wore a frikkin sick belt.Beyonce got an empire while Michelle Williams got to throw in some "ohhh ohhh"sBob Marley turned into a legend while The Wailers got second hand high. P. Diddy got to be a mogul and a total douche while I Ma$e got caught creepin with a trannySF gets all the glory while The East Bay turns to suburban slumminEverything else on the menu gets picked over plain Jane pot piesWell good sirs and madams, Pot Pie Paradise is  doin it big for the little guy! It's DELICIOUS and in the East Bay. Two for two baby. I've been here a few times for lunch and every pie I get is MMM MMM MMM good. The menu options are amazing.... how did she think to put that in a pie?? And she'll even custom make your favorite food into a pie with a little notice. I've been trying to think of a dream pot pie to request but just can't get it right.Guyere cheese, salmon, balsamic glaze, french green bean?Cous Cous, spiced lamb, raisin, potato in a spicy tomato sauce but with a mint/cilantro yogurt on the side?Marshmallow, prozac, cream cheese?? THE POSSIBILITIES ARE ENDLESS
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2010,4/29/2010,133,165,30,22,19>Things you should know before coming here:*  Do not bring anyone here on a weekend night that wears a hearing aid or should wear a hearing aid.  The acoustics are bananas and while it didn't bother me, my mother complained about the noise level literally every five minutes throughout the meal, very annoying.*  The portions are generally on the smaller side.  We LOVED the rice pudding, wish we had been given more than a tablespoon.*  The fries are great, the polenta has a weird taste, the fried cardoons were bland and somewhat soggy and the polenta encrusted mushrooms would have tasted better if they were not cold.*  It's a great place for grouchy toddlers because the staff likes them, the crowd doesn't care either way and its so loud that if by chance the kid let's out a blood curdling scream nobody will hear him...awesomeness*  If you love fish, specifically seared cod order it here.  They cook it to the perfect consistency and the accompanying sauce and veggies are delish.*  Militant Vegans should not be taken here.  My brother was less than pleased by the number of meat entrees versus Vegan/Vegetarian.  My husband, stepdaughter and I were thrilled, but he was not...which made for a tense dinner.  Note: if you do by accident end up here with a militant vegan, don't point out each meal option for them...they don't like that and may snap at you and possibly your mother loudly.*  If you are roasted chicken fan but are often disappointed by the poor consistency and flavor offered in most establishments, order the chicken under a brick here.  Its moist, juicy and flavorful but not too salty.  The accompanying sauce and grains are sort of weird though.*  It's easy to spend a lot of money here with small portion sizes, no bread unless requested and an ample beverage, appetizer and dessert list.  If you are broke go to Amanda's down the street.*  Order the vegan Chocolate Cake, even if you are a heartless carnivore you will love this!!!
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2009,4/28/2010,1948,4780,17,33,31>If you're driving north on I-680 towards the Benicia Bridge, and look beyond the Refineries, there are beautiful wetlands areas on either side of the road (especially the right). On a given morning or afternoon, there are all sorts of birding opportunities out there to view and enjoy. If you have a few extra minutes, take the Marina Vista exit, turn right at Waterfront Road (and towards the Refinery formally known as Tosco) and follow the signs to the Waterbird Regional Preserve.  And just in case you're hungry in the morning or at lunch, there's usually a taco truck parked at your turnoff (watch for the Acme Landfill/Martinez Gun Club signs).Waterbird Regional Preserve is a 198-acre area comprised of a wetland and the associated uplands to the east. The focal point of the Preserve is the rich and diverse Al McNabney Marsh, of which the East Bay Regional Park District owns 46 acres in the southern end and Mountain View Sanitary District owns 69 acres in the northern and deeper end. These areas are along the Pacific Flyway for migratory birds and provide habitat for a variety of waterfowl and shorebirds. Site amenities include a covered picnic area, restrooms, benches, peaceful surroundings, and great views. Bring your binoculars and/or camera! You can also take the trail out of the parking area to reach the Meadowlark Ridge Loop for good views of the marsh. Walk to the northern end of the park towards the pepperwood and eucalyptus trees to see signs of the old chemical worker housing site dating from the early 1900s when the Peyton Chemical Company and Mountain Copper Company were in operation near the present Rhodia site. The pepperwoods line an old road made of "clinker" stones, produced through smelting operations. In the future, the trail system in Waterbird Regional Preserve is expected to connect to the proposed Point Edith-to-Martinez Shoreline Regional Trail, which will connect the Preserve to trails in the nearby Peyton Hills Marsh operated by the State Lands Commission.
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2010,4/27/2010,700,420,21,25,23>I'm a pizza snob. My second job was a pizza maker, so I'm very particular with my pizza. I remember when I was 16 years old, putting the ingredients meticulously and methodically, spreading the sauce first all over the dough in a circular motion, topped it generously with cheese, garnish it with meat, and of course evenly spreading out the vegetables. Obviously, not all of the pizzas I've made are the same. Some people's requests were so strange... "Combo pizza with no cheese!" (WTF?). "Extra cheese on our pizza but hold the sauce!" (Umm, ok). "Hawaiian Pizza with anchovies!" (What a gross combination). "Can you combine the marinara and pesto sauce?" Uh, sure, it's your pizza and your palate! "I've heard good things about this place, but honestly, I've deterred for one dumb reason: The name. Why would you name your pizza place Gay Nineties? I need to figure out the logistics to the name of this establishment.With my surprise, I was highly impressed! My group ordered 3 large pizzas, one was Vegetarian which was filled with a lot of veggie goodies especially artichokes (MMMMM!!!), sausage, pepperoni, and olives, which wasn't too salty for my taste, and finally a combination pizza. I love their crust and I prefer a thick crust over thin ones. It was crispy on the outside, but soft and hot on the inside.  Yum. I can't wait to go back here. The only drawback, totally not their fault, is since I gave up ranch for Lent, I wasn't able to enjoy dipping my pizza and crust with the ranch. 40 days without ranch....Am I going to SURVIVE?! I'll come back here when Lent is over so I can REALLY enjoy my pizza: By smothering it with Ranch! :-)
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,4/26/2010,533,570,12,16,13>I cannot believe that nobody has reviewed this location. For the last 3 years My wife and I have been taking our kids to this location because they offered after school homework programs for different age levels for the kids. The tutors that they have are Awesome!!! Sara my 12 yr old was shy at first and didn't want to participate but Loanne Hill who is totally awesome.... She has helped my daughters so much with their programs they offer. Sara was also enrolled in a reading program... For starters it helped Sara open up with other kids her age and be more social and open up. Sofia as well took advantage of this option and the reading programs for 2nd 5  graders were awesome. It's great to see kids read and have that motivation to learn. They are straight A students at the moment and have great reading skills and we cannot thank nobody else but this location for that. The tutors are great!!! Or were great because  the city cut the program due to city financial problems and had to cut programs. The Staff there is awesome and very respectful and professional. The make sure that kids there also respect the rules and don't let the kids get too loud and makes sure there is no goofing around. This is a small branch compared to the main library but we love it there. It's smaller and very intimate and quiet too. Since we don't live in the City of San Leandro we have to pay a $50.00 nonresident fee to have access to that library. If you saw the San Lorenzo Public library you would do the same. If you are in the area this is a cool place to take your kids to read and use the computers. They are next door to Porky's Pizza and after a long day of reading you have the right place to eat when you are done.( unfortunately, they no longer offer the after school program due to budget cuts )
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2010,4/23/2010,281,619,13,17,17>Dumplings are my crack.  I never know when to stop.  When they're good, I usually just inhale them in practically one bite.  Their smooth, amorphous texture makes it easy to glide down the throat to the tummy.  These dumplings (three flavor & pork w/celery) fit the bill - smallish, tasty, with chewy dumpling skin.  Crispy lotus root was like a cold, pickled salad, strongly garlicky & gingery.  The house chow mein had chewy homemade noodles with sparse bits of beef, shrimp, chicken, green onion, whatnot.  The green onion pancakes were on the thicker side, but good.  The latter two were bordering the greasy zone, but sometimes that's what makes Chinese food good.  Most dishes were $5.95.  As with anything good that you don't want others to know about, it's in an obscure location, nondescript in a little mini mall in the outskirts of Union City.  Closed on Tuesdays.  Clean and bright decor, with pictures of their food plastered on the walls. They've got a nice to-go section in case you want to have your crack at home.  Who's in for pig ears or black fungers next time?
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,4/22/2010,698,693,8,4,5>The olive bread is crippling.The fresh pasta is addictive and dangerously delicious. The pastries and suaces are to die for. Ask for a sample - they're the friendliest people around...Watch out - this pastificio will kick your taste buds into the next centruy... and there's NO LOOKING BACK.
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2010,4/21/2010,178,382,15,22,18>Oiiishiiiiii...oishii! oishii! oishii! oishii! oishii! oishii!I cannot say it enough. Hands down THE BEST sushi I've ever had in my life!I didn't want to hype this place up too much, especially after trying some of the freshest cuts of sushi in Tokyo at the Tsukiji fish market, but this meal seriously blew my mind and exceeded expectations. Hideki-san, you are my hero.After putting up with the dreadful hour wait with tummies grumbling and knees shaking from excitement, we were finally able to grab a seat at the itty bitty 8-person sushi bar for an intimate dinner with Hideki & Hideko-san. We knew better than to order from the regular menu and asked for the omakase (chef's choice). Highly recommended every single time you go here! I kid you not.Chef's selections for the evening:1) Aji (jack mackerel)2) Hamachi (yellow tail)3) Mutsu (seared butterfish)4) Kanpachi (amber jack)5) Hashira (marinated scallop w/ kelp)6) Suzuki (sea bass w/ mint leaves)7) Ika uni roll (squid & sea urchin)8) Hamachi belly9) Kobu sake (marinated salmon w/ kelp)10) Miru-gai (geoduck clam)11) Ama-ebi (raw sweet shrimp) + deep fried shrimp head12) Toro (fatty tuna) OMFG I HEART TORO!!!13) Anago (sea eel)14) Seared salmon bellySoooo apparently we weren't aware that we needed to inform the sushi chef when we wanted to stop until about 12 pieces of nigiri in. Everything was just so damn good, we totally lost track of how much we had actually eaten and just decided to keep going. Whoops! Everything was super spectacular, but I especially loved the geoduck clam, squid and sea urchin roll, and of course, TORO!! I've never had uni and my goodness, what the hell have I been missing out on all these years?! The smooth creamy texture made my mouth water and complimented exceptionally well with the ika. The toro was ridiculously delicious. If it weren't $15 each pair, I'd order an entire plate of just that and call it an evening.We called it quits with the sushi at the perfect moment - content and satisfied, but left enough room for dessert. Ended our crazy meal with a bowl of ginger gelato & green tea creme brulee. Yes yes, you heard me right. Now, wipe that drool off your face.I will definitely be back for more after my foodie funds regenerate. Threw down a good $180 (after tip) for both my brother and I...and it was seriously worth every last penny. Just remember to follow the few simple rules of Japanese etiquette when you come out here and you won't get a hand slap from Hideko-san (refer to previous reviews for examples). I'm still drooling just thinking about that toro...
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2010,4/20/2010,2712,383,20,23,20>We've eaten here quite a number of times before. As far as I can remember, my dine-in experience at Royal Palace Restaurant never failed me. The food was always consistently good along with the service.By design, this family and group friendly place can easily accommodate large parties. There's plenty of parking available. A nice variety of entrees offered on the menu and cheap lunch plate specials.With complimentary tea served, we placed our order:Small Sizzling Rice Soup (perfect for two)Yang Chow Fried RicePan Fried Flounder in Special SauceGarlic Pea SproutsThe soup with sizzled rice had a good flavored broth, chunks of chicken, shrimp, sliced cucumbers and cubed carrots yummy! The combination fried rice with beef, chicken, scrambled eggs, carrots and peas was tasty and prepared just right. The pan fried flounder perfectly cooked and crunchy to a point where you can eat the fish bone on the outer edges so good! The garlic pea sprouts, simple yet another well executed dish.Unfortunately, I have no shame when it comes to good food.You won't find the pan fried flounder and the garlic pea sprouts listed on their menu. So how did I know about this you ask?A while back, it went a little something like this...Walked over to a strangers table, a smooth gentle tap-tap on the shoulder, when faced I carried a big smile then quickly said hello while pointing "Uh, that looks so good what's that and that?" That always worked for me!...
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2010,4/19/2010,126,1452,22,31,31>About 7 years ago in the first weeks of mine and my husbands courtship we took a stroll on this very pier.  We walked all the way down to the end and sat on the benches there and talked and gazed out at the rolling water.  It was mid summer and nice and warm out even at 9pm.The sad thing is, he didn't even try and kiss me there on that bench.  He was such a gentlemen that he didn't even try to make a move on me even though it was the perfect moment.We came back again and walked hand in hand to that same bench.  We sat and talked and gazed out at the water.  Then I took the opportunity to grab his face and plant a big wet one right on his lips.Families and friends come here to fish.  It can get pretty windy so don't forget to bring a coat and possible gloves and a scarf.You can see the Antioch Bridge very nicely on a clear day and the boats passing by are fun to watch too.So don't forget to reclaim those lost moments.
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2009,4/18/2010,792,96,23,26,27>A cold night asunder, empty streets of hurray, for the holiday is upon us. Doors are closed early, the clock is unforgiving. The Daily chore of tending, responsibility never ending. If there was time taken for anything a period when something is re-lived, if a moment could be captured free of burden, yet filled with merriment, I'd ask for this night again.Our excursion was founded on impermanence, a contemplated thought, birthed into the chasms of social structure at 9:40pm. The end result was three strangers, fine cookery, friendship, extraordinary conversation and baklava.She was an Indian queen who found a nestled home on the side of a lake. He was a wondering man, in search of the moment, the carpe diem fulfillment. She was a sojourner from her beloved México. They discovered a new home in the heart of Oakland, a place where both may always come to love.Our stories of life and romance were shared. Laughter and whispers could be discerned from our section of the room. A musical harmony of foreign words flowed about, serving as a soundtrack to our night of pleasantry. With Sacred keepings revealed, no questions were unanswered.  We shared from the same plate of meal, a detailed explosion of taste in every bite.A harmony of green enzymes and protein given sacrifices were presented. Our created hands made for tasting the heritage of a tribal people, whose courage for entrepreneurial-ship would translate into culinary brilliance. Our palates were full.How often do we consider these brief seasons in our lives? They most certainly are special, universally understood by so few of us. With white linens draped above, pictures of history sat and joined us for the evening. From outside it's span, is that of a whistle-stop; blink your eyes, yet for a moment, and you've passed it by.                       Spelled curiosity manifested on both sides of the table. Three friends to two...With the jovial taste of beer and the refreshment of tea, we were left with conversationally enhanced glasses of water. She made it taste so sweet.We sat in our seats, while taking a trip across the country; our journey was shared in vision and reminiscence.I never have had baklava served with a side of curiosity; it comes with a taste un-ending, covered with memory and honey and assisted with almonds, the pure shape of her eyes.
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2009,4/16/2010,931,153,28,29,25>For many a year, I've been walking and driving by Acme, feeling slightly inferior to the awesome-looking rockabilly/psychobilly people loitering outside, smoking their cigarettes, pompadours not swaying in the breeze. But a few months ago, I was finally able to (drunkenly) experience the awesomeness of Acme for myself. Coming from the horrifically overcrowded but still cool Albatross Pub down the street, the fact that Acme was pretty empty was a welcome relief. As with all bars that are too cool for school, and most bars that I like (if I'm going to be honest with myself and with you), there's a strong hipster element to this place. But hipster bars are the best bars (so says I!), especially when filled with hot tattooed and pierced boys and hot and/or fat* rockabilly girls with cleavage and tats poppin'. Who am I to complain? Moreover, the prices are reasonable, the beer selection is good (gotta love bars that offer inexpensive shit beers next to good microbrews), they have good specials, pretty good liquor selection. And 24oz PBR cans for $4. Big beer in a can is so a way into my heart, if you're a bar. (Enough of it is also a way into my somewhere else, but we don't need to talk about that right now.) They got pool, they got music, they got nice eye-candy. They even got sexy murals (with booooobies) on the door to the ladies room. Nice. At Acme, there's a definite dearth of polo shirts--AND it isn't wholly peopled by college students?!?  Sounds like a good time to me!Patrons and employees may not be overwhelmingly friendly, but I don't go to bars to make friends anyway. Unless I'm already drunk when I get there.(* Fat chicks can be hot. Shut up. Don't give me no lip. I don't wanna hear it.)
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2010,4/15/2010,513,243,18,24,25>Great little sushi joint with an awesome sushi chef and I'm assuming the owner of the place, Joey. Finally made an my first appearance here since I was 13 or 14. The place still looks pretty much the same. I came here the other day with my awesome friend Tisha K. because I owed her a lunch! "No Peeeeee!" Inside joke. LOL!I ordered a lunch bento box with tempura and beef teriyaki for $7.95! Holler! The tempura was cool but the beef stole the show! It was tender and really tasty! She got the small chrashi which looked delish!We also ordered an order of mirugai nigiri or giant clam which he recomended to us! He turned us away from ordering ebi becaus ehe said that the quality wasn't that great. I love a sushi chef that refuses to serve inferior quality fish!I will definitely come back and hopefully I get another Tisha K. recommendation ROTD! Have two so far with her awesome suggestions in the Dirty Bird Lounge and Sala Thai Restaurant.
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2010,4/14/2010,3617,1853,16,29,28>I have been going to Fenton's Creamery for a long time, since before it burned down and was remodeled. It is an East Bay icon for desserts. People from miles around come to the legendary Fenton's,  to enjoy their great Ice Cream.Great specialties, like the Black and Tan, Black and White, and others. The food at Fenton's not only is Ice Cream, but some classic diner dishes, and of course a lot of ice cream delights, usually dripping with sweet syrups and flavors. The service is excellent and there is a bit of a comfy throw back to yesteryear as far as dessert.
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2010,4/13/2010,184,198,24,17,22>I let myself in and he was waiting...like I was the only woman in the world for him. He was a symphony of gleaming, curved, perfect, deep brown forms, sparkling with a golden sheen. Heavy with anticipation I waited for him to let me put it in my mouth and almost wept at the ecstasy that exploded on my tongue.  Smooth. So smooth. I felt a gush as my salivary glands burst with joy.Cream.  Cream from Nebraska.  Passion.  Passion fruit caramel.  Hot, so very hot.  Chili infused, in fact.  Sweetly succulent sensuous caramel.  Innovate Imaginative Apple.  Cunningly piquant Cranberry.Seriously, I've had some of the best, and this ranks with and surpasses most.  A perfect 10.  A brief but memorable encounter.  A longing for more.
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2010,4/12/2010,577,823,12,17,18>When you have that craving for a donut after a YEE event or any other time of day or night, Colonial Donuts is the spot. We stopped in here after the Yelp Goes Gaga event and we're pleasantly surprised by the selection and the crowd. The selection was filled glass cases of goodness! Be sure to ask what's the freshest in the cases... we did and had the most delicious chocolate covered pound cake pastry (not a donut since it wasn't in a circle).The crowd is worth noting as well... At the table, right in front of the main window, were four guys all with guitars, playing and singing U2's "With or Without You." It was hauntingly good and had me joining them on the chorus. Maybe we can form a U2 cover band that only requests Colonial Donuts in our backstage rider? Maybe not.... Enjoy!
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,4/11/2010,330,444,21,19,18>Huh, interesting mix of reviews, here!  I was fine with the service, as I didn't require much of them, the girls seemed friendly enough. I imagine all of the provocative older ladies of Berkeley strutting around their Arts and Crafts Bungalow's in their bamboo fabric robes, or perhaps a blousy little silk number, or maybe their paisley PJ pants feeling just sooooo lovely.  Well, you go on with your bad selves, ladies!  I stopped in after a certain type of Dr.s appointment, because I wanted to pamper myself a little and I thought I might stop in on the way to Peets.  Score!  Huge Sale!   Really, the sales are the only racks I seriously shopped.  I was searching for wireless bras to replace the Ipex type I have worn to death from Victoria's Secret, but they had nothing on Sale that was my size/comparable style. Bra wise, in the non-sale rack, Ugh, the wireless styles reminded me of an older Portuguese woman I once knew, and not in a fond way!  I'm not 70 yet!  Pretty tame selection of styles and colors.  This is where shopping online is hard to be beat, in terms of selection; I hate to say it. On a positive note, I did find a really cute camisole with a lined bralett, and when I was being rung up, the girl pointed out a pair of matching panties for $5.  Cool, so the set was about $25, which I would consider the going rate, plus, BONUS points when I got home and realized the stuff was made in Canada, not Cambodia for a change! So, let's recap- Beauty and Attitude caters to a specific clientele- older North Berkeley Betty's with Boobies, and *maybe* their very practical gift giving husbands who can perhaps shop for himself, as well, (men's underwear is in stock) yet not become terrified upon entrance.  You can do it, guys, get the wife some nice Pajamas you enjoy, too! They also carry some cute bathing suits, hosiery, Spanx, socks, 'shape-wear' (if you know what I mean) slippers, falsies ; ), special underwear for bike riding (?), and other excellent items.  I will be back in here on occasion, when I'm not indulging my pantie buying bootie at places like Ross and Nordstrom Rack.
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2009,4/10/2010,2016,1122,10,17,17>been on a healthy kick lately but it has been a long time and i was due for the bay area's best fried chicken. it's so darn good as i remember but i really can't see how people eat fried chicken so much. on the average a breast piece with skin on was about 2500 calories, 70 grams of fat and over 1000mg in sodium. just to think of all that can make ya sick and even kill ya. i took the skin off so that dropped the fat down 50 grams of fat. now i feel so much better. most people don't eat just one piece so caesars chicken is now a rare treat for me. and they also have the best ravioli to boot. it sounds like a weird combo but i swear it's heaven. oh and i can't forget the coleslaw and garlic bread.wow!! i'm thinking a piece of fish and veggies for the next month! :)
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2009,4/9/2010,301,336,28,14,15>Damn you, Arizmendi for being so close to my house.  How can I resist popping in for a freshly baked corn cherry scone or a delectable chocolate chunk cookie?  How can one have willpower when the aroma of freshly baked bread and vegetarian pizzas waft out onto the sidewalk of Lakeshore Avenue?How is it that the residents of this area aren't blimpy, fatty, porcine, lardy, hefty, fleshy, rotund lumps of dumpiness?  It is because of you Arizmendi:a) When my cell phone beeps, people think I'm backing up. b) When people tell me to haul ass, I have to make two trips.  c) My neck looks like a pair of hot dogs.d) The animals at the zoo feed me.e) When I step on the scale, it says, 'One at a time please.'Alas, I know the outcome of eating these treats from Arizmendi and I have to say, 'I don't care.'  I've done the math, and in every single equation I can come up with, {FAT} = {FLAVOR}.  I will never go for a pre-made McPastry from Peet's or 'that-other-place-that-shall-remain-nameless-but-­starts-with-an-S-and-ends-with-a-tarbucks' ever again!  You're just that good Arizmendi!
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/11/2009,4/8/2010,88,86,15,11,11>I accidentally stumbled upon this place around midnight after getting lost in Emeryville. (Don't ask. Just use your imagination.) Like a lighthouse in an ocean of asphalt and big box stores, Can't Fail Cafe beckoned me to the light of beer, barbecue and deep fried goodness. flickr.com/photos/jrober…Immediately I flipped a "U-ie" and tried to find parking: none! The place was packed. I could tell this was gonna be special. I walked in and got my name on the wait list. I instantly noticed the wall of Barbies displayed in all of their crassness. Scarey Barbies, funny Barbies, sexy Barbies, trashy ones too. Tonight I identified with Vegetarian Divorce Barbie (ie: Silverlake Barbie), and looked for the most guilt free comfort food I could find on the menu. flickr.com/photos/jrober…Aha! There it was nestled between the meatloaf and the chili cheese fries. The Buffalo Tofu strips served with a side of cool ranch dressing. flickr.com/photos/jrober…Mmm mmm good! The Caesar wasn't made from scratch, and I could tell it wasn't vegetarian, but anyone who reads my reviews knows I often times compromise my values for emulsified anchovy flesh. (Shrugs.) Go figure! The lettuce was swimming in the dressing and within seven minutes the roughage went limp, but it was sure good while it lasted. (I've had a few dates like this if you know what I mean.) This place served beer on the tap, and it's a total hipster hang out on account of the dollar beers after nine at night, with pretensions and all that goes with that. flickr.com/photos/jrober…Whether you are pierced eyebrow and sleeves Barbie, beer and cigarettes musician Barbie, or Philosophy student bicycle riding Barbie; we can all find something on the menu to feed our inner alter unobtainable ego at the Can't Fail Cafe. flickr.com/photos/jrober…See you there!
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2010,4/7/2010,563,337,15,16,18>A team that drinks together stays together...yes, that's my idea of building lasting teams and bonds in the work place.  Right?!  Sort of...The wet burrito was pretty darn tasty.  I love to drench the crap out of my burritos so I had to pour another crapload of salsa onto it.  It was pretty spicy but oh so good!2 pitchers of margaritas hit the spot and eased our minds as we "bonded" over lunch.  Yeah, I can get used to this...
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2009,4/6/2010,1429,411,27,37,40>Get ready, this is a long one...When I hit my 100th review on Yelp I didn't do anything special. I was on such a roll that I didn't even realize it when i passed 200. I'm really not the kind of person who does 'milestone reviews', however my 300th review happened to coincide with the end of 2009- So i figured I'd do a review update for my favorite restaurant of the year. Right before I wrote this review, I did another review update and realized that Yelp doesn't recognize review updates as new reviews... So Kamakura is coming in at the 2009 end of the year milestone of 298! Congratulations to Kamakura for being my favorite restaurant of the year!I've written two reviews for Kamakura before... once giving it 4 stars and again giving it 5. At this point I'm sure I will forever love Kamakura and be a loyal customer until the end of time. I can tell you, without a question, I've spent more money here this year than any other restaurant around. I cannot tell you how many times I've gotten off work late on a Friday or Saturday night with Kamakura on my mind. I speed my way over to this restaurant of love where the hostess' and staff are ready to greet me with such warmth and kindness. Faith, the Owner, sits near the entrance- decked with jewels and bracelets with the biggest smile on her. The entire sushi bar greets you in Japanese as you walk in to sit down "Okyaku-san!" Everyone in Kamakura is happy to see you there.The sushi from Kamakura is out of this world. My hands down favorite from any Japanese restaurant in Alameda for sure, probably the entire Bay Area. I always take pictures for Yelp when I go to restaurants(I've got close to 1200 at the time i'm writing this). How many pictures do I have for Kamakura? Only 2. WHY you ask, if I claim to eat here more than any other restaurant? Because the fact is when I enter Kamakura I put my Yelping duties to the side and focus on enjoying the deliciousness that is Kamakura Sushi! Believe it! The Alaskan Fantasy, The Rainbow Roll, The Govenator, The Raider Roll, The Cajun Crawfish, The Rock N' Roll... the list goes on and on...  When leaving Kamakura, there are a few things to look for. The plum wine they serve is the sweetest icing to any delicious meal- and it comes free of charge to any adult customer for dinner. It isn't much, just one small shot of wine... but it refreshes your pallet and is apart of the thoughtfulness that is the Kamakura charm. And when you leave Kamakura, all of the sushi chefs will shout and wave goodbye to you, and the waitresses will form a line, hold the door open for you, and each wave you goodbye as you leave... The showmanship from this restaurant is just off the charts and I leave feeling satisfied every time. I always felt my 2 previous reviews for Kamakura never did it justice, mixed with the fact I don't have many great pictures for this place- however I hope this end of the year review truly lets you, the Yelp reader know, that I LOVE Kamakura and I think you will too! If you're looking for a change from the 2 hour wait at Sushi House or the sub-par performance of other spots like Katsui or Kai's, I highly, highly, HIGHLY recommend checking out Kamakura! My favorite restaurant of 2009 without question!
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,4/5/2010,261,512,15,30,25>Pay it forward.That's the concept of Karma Kitchen. It's so simple yet so different from any other charitable organization I have encountered before.You step inside Taste of the Himalayas on Sunday afternoons and are presented with a menu of fully vegetarian food. There are three entrees, 3 sides, drinks and desserts. Everything is automatically bought to your table family style, you can eat as much as you want and your entire bill comes to $0.00That's because lunch at Karma Kitchen was paid for by the people who ate the week before you. Their donations allow the staff to buy ingredients for the following week and donate the remainder to charity. They only ask that you pay it forward so people the next week can experience that same generosity.I've eaten and volunteered at Karma Kitchen before. The food is not the best, but it is very good compared to what I would expect. The rice is always tender, the Veggie Korma is excellent and there is nothing better than buttered naan hot out of the tandoori oven. The people are so wonderful, the service is so friendly and you know everyone wants to be there. It feels like going home and has the same companionship as a family dinner table. It's an experience everyone should try at least  once.
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/9/2009,4/4/2010,80,175,21,22,24>I'll always have a special place in my heart for Luka's.You see, after Elihu Harris had finished running Oakland into the ground, Governor Moonbeam himself took over as mayor.I remember the first steps Jerry took:  he fixed the damn clock on the Tribune Tower and had it re-lit; turned the front of city hall into the lovely lawn it is now; and worked very hard to bring businesses to Oakland.Now, I know that the sizable anarchist crowd in Oakland is *still* pissed off about this, but for me... well, cities run on taxes.  When property values go down, when commerce declines... cities start to fall apart.  I have mixed feelings about gentrification... but I am 100% behind new businesses, clean streets, and lower crime.Anyway, Luka's was the first visible change in the Uptown neighborhood of Oakland (as I recall--I'm not an historian).  And what a difference!  Strange ales from Northwestern Europe!  On tap!  Strange adjectives being bandied about, like "organic," and "local," and "free range!"  Honest to god, I think the first customers were probably just curious to know what these strange things were!At the time, I was working at a nearby drug rehab clinic (NO, NOT BECAUSE I WAS A PATIENT!  WHY DOES EVERYONE ASK ME THAT!!! IF YOU WORK FOR A HOSPITAL DOES THAT MAKE YOU INJURED?!), around 27th & San Pablo, which is the hoooood.  That neighborhood is skeeeeetchy.  It's right inside beat 17X, which typically has the most murders in a city that ranks at the top in per capita murders nationwide.Point being, the last thing I *ever* expected to see was a hip little "dark wood interior with brass fittings" tap room and toity dinner spot emerge out of the gloom.I remember when my coworker and I were having an especially rough day on the job (doing IT work for therapists who provide outpatient treatment to homeless and paroled drug addicts can be... trying), we'd check out for an hour at lunch, walk the five or six blocks to Luka's, and grab a Mared Sous and a pulled pork sandwich, maybe with a side of Belgian fries; it was literally an escape from the nuttiness of San Pablo Ave (I once saw a crackhead yell at a car to get out of his way "move yo shit, muthafucka, I needs to get high!  MOVE YO SHIT!  Damn!"), a little oasis that restored our energies for the difficult work that awaited us.Flash forward to present day--the seed planted by Luka's has flowered, and Uptown is well on it's way to being annoyingly hip, and painfully trendy.  Where you used to walk past boarded up storefronts and cardboard Hoovervilles, now you see luscious lounges and restaurants, art galleries (art galleries? in Oakland?! fuck, I never thought I'd see the day...), quirky cafes...And Luka's sits there still, the foundation stone of a revitalized neighborhood.I appreciate what they've done for Uptown... hell, what they've done for OAKLAND (what, what!), but in short--they charge too much, and their portions are undersized, the food's only okay, the space is annoyingly tight (the main dining room), or dark, dingy, and unwelcoming (the adjunct/dance floor).  Infinitesimal oysters for the Monday special, and downright Scrooge-like for their dinnertime shellfish platter (for $38, I don't see that 5 clams, 5 oysters, 5 shrimp, and 5 crab legs works--maybe I just don't know shell fish pricing schemes).  The fries have lost their luster (is it the crispiness that's gone off?)... They've got the right adjectives, and they seem to be trying, but darn it, it's just not there anymore.Maybe it was just that first sip of water after wandering lost in the desert that made me love Luka's in the beginning--they really brought something to the table that could *not* be acquired *anywhere* else.  I won't forget Luka's Tap Room's contribution.  I just wish I could forget my last few visits, and still have my fond memories in their glistening, untarnished, newborn perfection.
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2010,4/3/2010,587,806,14,16,15>I am so glad they opened this place! What a great addition this is too little downtown Martinez!Went here for lunch yesterday with my pops. I had seen that they had just opened, so we decided to swing in and give them a try.This place is located right at the corner of Main St in downtown Martinez (Perfect location)This place is very aesthetically pleasing, the decor is very contemporary and classy, with a warm green, grey and brown earth tone color scheme throughout , lots of windows allowing the perfect amount of sunlight in, immaculately clean as well as very spacious.The service was especially friendly and helpful and particularly patient with all the questions I asked regarding the different dishes.My father ordered there Chicken Pra Ram with steamed vegetables and brown rice. I ordered Yellow Curry Chicken -coconut milk, yellow potatoes, carrots and bell peppers- I got mine (mild) with no potatoes which come with a salad and brown rice.The first I received it, it was a little too spicy- so they actually took there time to remake it (very much appreciated) upon the second time it was absolutely fantastic, the flavor and texture was top notch! The salad was fresh and flavorful and the presentation of the food was beautiful! I took a bite of my pop's Pra Ram it was good, not the best I have tried though my dad loved it!The food is San Francisco worthy and the prices are kind. I will be back to try many of there dishes and hopefully not bombard the server with any more questions.. lol
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,4/2/2010,1205,283,23,27,30>"Everyday is Saturday night, but I can't wait for Sunday morning, Sunday morning" - KOSThat's exactly what I think of when I cruise to EASY on a Sunday.  I love good weekend buzzes, and even better when beats fill my ears.  Easy provides stiffs for the drunk lover, words on the wall for the lit lover, beats for the music whore, and an incredible list of farmer market special drinks.  Nothing like grabbing a spot inside EASY, and enjoying the love that fills these walls.  It is definitely a plus that the words on the wall cause very good conversations between people, for intelligent intoxicating moments.
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,4/1/2010,424,1322,26,32,32>My first exposure to Wedgewood was at their Crystal Springs location when my husband's best friend got married there August '08. We were impressed by the food and the fun time we had at the wedding (which doesn't always happen), so that when my guy and I decided to get hitched, I looked to see if there was a Wedgewood location closer to home for us. Luckily, there was one right in San Ramon and from there, I had to look no further. My husband and I were married here on February 1, 2009. It happened to be Super Bowl Sunday which we didn't realize when we booked the date. The other thing we didn't know is that AZ would make it into the Super Bowl and I am from Phoenix (and a lot of our guest weren't happy). Thank goodness this place is an expert venue as most of our guests forgot about the Super Bowl (or it could have been the booze). Our Wedding Planner changed a few times due to a rash of pregnancies going around, and our final planner was a lovely woman named Sandy who helped pull everything together. I could write a review that would detail every aspect of this place, but I will sum it up with saying a couple of things: I enjoyed my own wedding. I had a GREAT time in fact (and it wasn't because of the booze). The venue is very accommodating and though they have vendors they prefer to use for flowers, cake, etc., they are flexible with these things. Wedgewood is a one stop shop in most senses of the word and when it came to planning my daughter's Bat Mitzvah (which happened to be almost a year to the day of our wedding), I asked if she would want her party here and she did not hesitate to say "YES, YES, YES"!Fast forward to January 30,2010. We were lucky enough to get to work with Sandy again as our party planner and she was nothing but wonderful. Dealing with me again is enough on anyone, but working with a 13 year old is another story all together. Sandy was able to handle both of us beautifully and though being a bride is a very different experience than being the mother of a B'Nei Mitzvah, the experience was mostly painless(and yes, there was still booze involved). The staff here is nothing but flexible, open, communicative and close to perfect in most senses of the word. No, the food is not gourmet, but it is good. I do recommend paying the extra money for the "prime rib" upgrade and know that all of the extras will cost....extra. Our daughter's party was FABULOUS. She and all of our guests had a magnificent time-the DJ was great, the bartender had a great sense of humor dealing with teen requests for "virgin martinis" and seriously, if you are in need of a great space for a wedding or momentous occasion, look no further.I have been saving #700 to mark how special this place is for my family. Feel free to PM me for more details or information.
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2010,3/31/2010,1020,575,25,25,25>After having Chinese food at Canton, I was in great need of sweet in my mouth.I perused through the candy jars. I was indecisive on what to get, until I laid my eyes on one of my favorite candies ever: salt water taffy! Yeah. Top 3, easily. I also got a piece of divinity fudge.I conversed with the lady behind a counter for a bit, a friend of the owner who was helping out her friend for the day. She was super nice.The salt water taffy goodness put a pep in my step. I was in a good mood, until I realized where I was headed: back to courthouse. Ugh.
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,3/30/2010,378,165,38,47,45>When I walked into the restaurant, the intoxicating aromas mesmerized me. This tiny little restaurant located in a strip mall is all that you'll need to satisfy those Pho cravings.     The service is friendly and very efficient.   Here are a few of my favorite dishes Prawn spring roll  $7 Chicken Pho          $8 Vietnamese Traditional Salad $8Sizzling spicy Lemongrass Chicken $10 served on a sizzling platter--And on the lunch specialGrilled Chicken with Roasted garlic noodles $8 Sweet Potato and Curry Chicken Clay Pot  (red curry) $10The Roasted Garlic noodles are something you will be back for. They're that good. And they're on the "sides" menu, should you choose to take an order home with you.      Visit this restaurant on a rainy day for a bowl of Pho. The coziness, friendliness, and delicious food of Mint Leaf will bring you back again and again.              Now for dessert  CREAM CHEESE CIGAR WITH BANANAS Can I say that any louder? It is a wonton filled with a cheesecake type filling,Then deep-fried. Sliced bananas are placed on the side. Then it is all drizzled with   caramel.   Kill me now.    Dog FriendlyAnd don't forget, you're in Alameda, drive 25. They ARE serious about this.
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2009,3/29/2010,307,317,59,57,52>Although the SF Ozumo has always been one of my favorite places, I wasn't a fan of this one when it first opened. The food was good, but the service wasn't. The waiter knew nothing about the menu and all the dishes came out at odd times.That was about 6 months ago. I've avoided it since.Then last week, we checked out the happy hour for dinner and came away damn impressed. We had a number of different rolls and robata grill items, but the stand-out was the Pari-Pari Maguro, which I can't find on their website menu right now, so I am stealing the description from Cara Y's review:  Crisp wafers topped with tuna sashimi, thinly-sliced jalapeno, onion confit, and a kiss of sea salt.Cara also calls it a panty dropper.  It was awesome, but I'm pretty sure my panties did not drop. I do recall wanting to rub that Pari-Pari all over my naked body after eating a bite of it, if that means anything. It probably means you're tasting a little vomit right now, so sorry about that.We were so impressed with Ozumo last week that we returned for dinner over the weekend with another couple.  The service was great - professional, attentive and helpful. I couldn't find the Pari-Pari on the dinner menu since it seems to be just a happy hour item, but the waiter graciously offered to go talk the chef into whipping it up for us, not once during the meal, but twice.If you expect the typical Japanese experience you may be a little disappointed. Yes, they have a lot of excellent sushi and sashimi. But it goes far beyond that. They offer an interesting and creative menu which is Japanese influenced, no doubt, but is also influenced by other cuisines from around the world.In reading some of these other reviews I am struck, as I often am on yelp, by how clueless people can be.  I know. Big surprise. But if you gave low stars because it's "not authentic" (whatever that means) - sorry, you're an idiot.  Look around, friend.  When you walked in, did this LOOK like your neighborhood sushi place?  Were you really expecting to sit down to a menu of rainbow rolls and udon?Special shout out to the guy who complained that his waiter didn't speak Japanese, the girl who thought the decor was too fancy for this part of Oakland, and the other guy who couldn't find teriyaki chicken on the menu.  Yay for yelpers!
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,3/28/2010,226,377,13,19,17>I went in here today with some friends not expecting much.  First, I'm not all that into vegetarian food.  Second, I was TOTALLY in the mood for some sushi today... so being coerced into coming here with friends made for a sour first encounter.Why the 5 Stars?  Well, to put it bluntly, I was fucking wowed!Here's how it broke down:Eggplant Tofu with BasilLemon Chicken with Spicy SauceBeef and BroccoliGarlic Chicken in SauceSpicy ShrimpEggplant Tofu with Basil-If you like basil, you'll love this dish.  The dish was bursting with flavor, standing out most was the basil.  The eggplant and tofu came next, all flavored in this slightly salty, slightly sour sauce that made for a wonderful tasting experience.Lemon Chicken with Spicy Sauce-Ohhh wow.. what a pleasant surprise.  I was not expecting this to be as good as it ended up being!  In other words, get it.Beef and Broccoli-Honestly, particularly with this dish, I was not expecting anything from this at all.  It sounds like a generic Chinese dish order for those who are scared to venture into anything more... adventurous.  Well, I was wrong.  For some strange reason, this dish had an "umph" to it that was completely unexpected.  Surprisingly tasty, though it doesn't beat out the other 4 dishes, sadly enough.Garlic Chicken in Sauce-A good mix of veggies with the "chicken," this was a great supplementary dish.  I loved the non-overpowering taste of garlic.  It helped add to the overall tasting experience.Spicy Shrimp-I think we might have a winner here.  Honestly, it's a toss up between the Shrimp and the Eggplant.  This one yielded a slightly more sour'ish taste to the dish.  Crunchy "shrimp," with an assortment of greens.  There were bits of diced (I wanna say, ginger?) around the shrimp that really enhanced the flavors of this particular dish.  Man, it's tough to decide who takes the medal.Everything was so good here, I couldn't really believe that it was all actually meatless.  To top it off, the service was very friendly, and the food came out very quickly.  The dining area was clean and intimately sized.I definitely foresee a Round 2 for this place in my near future, says the crystal ball.(Now if only I can get my camera back so I can start documenting my eating ventures again!).
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,3/27/2010,71,157,20,22,22>WOW!!!!!! 5 STAR for a Thai Resturant from me!!!!!! This is unusual, since I don't particularly like Thai and from past experiences the Thai food I've had weren't that great to say the least.But strolling around Emeryville one day I spotted Summer Summer, a pretty new resturant, and saw a sign saying Happy Hour.  I didn't know what kind of restaurant it was yet.  Then some other time, I found myself on Hollis again and saw the sign Summer Summer and looked at their menu placed outside the building near the door and found out it was a Thai resturant.  I took the menu with me and told myself the prices look decent, the interior of the place looks pretty nice (you can see inside because of the windows), so maybe I'll give it a try.So, finally I went to Summer Summer and yes like I said I give it a 5 star!!! This is such a nice, charming, beautifully decorated restuarant.  They do have happy hour weekdays and weekends from 5-7pm.  I ordered a orange mojito!!!! Yup, still addicted to mojitos! My guy ordered hot sake!  We ordered dumplings and they came quickly.  They were tender and juicy and very tasty.  For our meals, I couldn't decide.  See I am not a fan of spicy and I love salmon, and they had about 4-5  dishes of salmon almost all of which were spicy except one!  I gave in!!!!!!!! I ordered the salmon salad (the one that was not spicy).  My guy ordered the fried rice.  Since, I didn't know how large their portions were I ordered a side of brown rice (yeah!!!!). The waitresses were all very nice, polite and took our orders.  We didn't have to wait too long.  Our food came and my salmon salad was absolutely scrumptious!  The brown rice was very good and I am glad I ordered it.  The fried rice was excellent!  We also orrdered deserts- green tea ice cream and mango sorbet- both yummy!So, all in all, I REALLY like this place for other reasons then mentioned above.  It is walking distance from my place so I can go to happy hour and walk home, it is really nice, the food is very good, and the waitress and owner are all very nice.WOOHOOO!!!!!!!!!!! Thanks Summer Summer for making your home in Emeryville!  Now just hope you don't get too popular so I can enjoy a nice evening without waiiting in line with a buzzer!
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2010,3/26/2010,342,397,15,27,20>" What are you doing around our side?" the bartender asked." Actually, I was told that you have the best Fried Chicken in the East Bay, and I had to see for myself." " Well, what did you think?"=====================I rolled in at 7pm to a bustling, full crowd. People looked at me, some stoic, some friendly. I grabbed the last available seat at the bar and was befriended by a couple who had obviously started drinking early on this fine Friday. They told me the bartenders name, I ordered a Miller High Life ( MGD and Budweiser is all they have on draft) and a R.O.C. Special for $13.99. That's a 4 chicken wing 4 prawn order. Got the potato salad as my side. A little Crystal hot sauce and the hype is real. This is some killer chicken. This is worth your time and skrill. I should've opted for one of the $18.99 combos, as I wasn't full off my meal. (So note to peeps, expect to drop at least $20 for a satisfying, decadent fried chicken 'n seafood meal.) I've never been to a place this friendly in the East Bay. I was looking to escape the routine quaintness of the 'meda for one night and I succeeded. Scend's. Where proper fried chicken and outgoing peeps are plentiful. Dive in.
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/11/2010,3/25/2010,352,1432,16,14,18>If Mua were a guy, he'd be edgy and hot.  He'd be lanky with great style and even greater conversational abilities.  He'd snort a line of coke and make you think nothing of it.  But he's unpredictable and a bit volatile - which is why you love and want to ignore him at the same time.  You'd check up on his facebook updates, but be too intimated to comment b/c you're afraid you wouldn't be funny or cool enough.In other words, you wouldn't bring your parents, your boss or your VIP clients here - or when you want to be delighted with great food and even greater drinks.  On the other hand, blind dates, 3rd dates or a crowd of noisy women would fit in perfectly.  Be sure you don't have laryngitis as you'll need to holler to be heard, or remembered and patience is a must.
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2009,3/24/2010,449,368,14,18,18>I was recently informed by one of the bosses at Venus that they will soon change their business hours to remain open until 2 am! I have always wondered why they never stayed open later, since at the normal closing time of 1 am, the place is often still packed to the rafters. Especially considering that many of the competitors, such as Top Cafe (yelp.com/biz/top-cafe-mi…) and even that gang hangout known as China Palace (yelp.com/biz/china-palac…) are open until 3 am, this is a great move.More hours in the day to enjoy none other than the finest HK style cafe in the Bay is always a good thing.
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2009,3/23/2010,723,405,57,46,48>Good Vibrations is like... the "Genius Bar" equivalent for safe, sane, consensual and comfortable sex.  The staff do cater primarily to women, which I think is fabulous.  For those who are not as comfortable or sexually emancipated and think going into an "adult" shop is skeevy, GV throws all of that out the door.  So, last night, after the UYE Oyster Slurp-Stravaganza, I strolled in to peruse the goods.  I think more women should take charge of their pleasure (whichever way gets you off) and absolutely tell your lover:  "This is what I like, and this is want I want to use or play with. Now let's have some fun!"  Contrary to what my parents instilled in me as a child: your body IS  a playground!  I especially like the lube section, where you can buy small samples, or actually feel the product on your skin (tissues are conveniently placed, so party like it's 2009!)Top quality products, service, and extremely knowledgeable, professional staffers.  I bought a few goodies, and then was asked by the Cashier if I would like to make a donation to the San Francisco Aids Foundation.Absolutely!  I gave $25 for a cause very close to my heart.  Remember - 'tis the season for giving... and for getting OFF.  But just don't be a Ho Ho Ho!
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2010,3/22/2010,506,510,14,20,18>This is definitley not my mama's place. The appearance of the interior is early 40's, kinda time warp. I ordered two poached eggs, applewood pork loin, home fried potatoes and sour dough toast. The breakfast was very good. The poached eggs were cooked to perfection. The applewood pork loin was yummy, I normally don't order pork loin for breakfast but I saw it on another customer's plate. It looked that good.On the weekend  this place becomes crowded. This food is that good but you might have to wait. I will be back....
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2010,3/21/2010,224,231,14,21,18>Angeline's nourishes the soul. From the brick walls and warm tones to the libations in mason jars and most importantly the food, you feel respite from all that sucks in your life. I promise! Come here, and you will be transported to a blissful land of good eats, comfort and happiness at the risk of knowing that a food coma, severe depression and withdrawals may ensue when your time is up. My roommate and I stopped by at 6 p.m. today. People started to trickle in around 7-7:30 p.m. as a waiting list began to go around. So even if you plan to eat on a weekday, I would aim for 6-6:30 p.m.What's an incentive to eat on Mondays and Tuesdays? 50% all red wines!We ordered:Hush puppies with honey butter ($4.95) - Holy puppies! These things are scrumptious! Six fritters per order of hush puppies, so if you have a group, I'd definitely recommend getting two or three orders of them. One order is good to split between two people as a starter.Buttermilk fried chicken ($15.95) - Juicy beyond Juicy Couture. All lameness aside, these were some of the most fantastically fried pieces of boneless chicken I've ever had in my life. Paired with the gravy, this is a winner. The string beans were great as was the sweet potato mash. Shrimp Creole ($13.95) - I think I liked this dish a little more than the fried chicken, while my roommate liked the chicken more. The shrimp creole dish definitely had some zing to it, so if you gotta have your spicy fix, this is the way to go. It's not burning hot, but there's a good kick to it. The shrimp pieces were huge, the rice perfectly cooked.Beignets ($4.95) - Four beignets covered in a mountain of powdered sugar. They were piping hot when they came out and so soft and wonderful. These are the kinds of dreams that desserts are made of. Err...wait, these are the kinds of desserts that dreams are made of.Swamp Water ($2.50) - It's lemonade and iced tea, a.k.a. an Arnold Palmer. But swamp water sounds way cooler than an Arnold Palmer. My roommate got this. I tried some but found it a little too sweet.Total with tax and tip = $52. Oh Angeline's, you're the bee's knees.
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2009,3/20/2010,564,188,15,17,12>After working in front of the computer all last week, and walking in 4" spiked heels almost every night (hey, I was really excited about my new heels!), including one night where I tore up the dance floor in them, my body was in dire need of a little TLC.Lucky for me, while parked at the Pacific East Mall (where this little massage place is located upstairs), I got a flyer tucked under my windshield for a one hour reflexology +15 minute head and body massage for... *$17.99*.  Only catch is that it has to be Monday through Friday between 9:30 AM and 2 PM.  I can deal with that.  So I called up my best gal pal and went!Since it's pretty darn cheap, there might be a wait.  In my case, we were told that there was a 20 minute wait.  The receptionist took down my number and my friend and I went downstairs to the Pho place to snack on shrimp rolls and drinks.  We started heading back about 20 minutes later and got a phone call en route back to the place.  How exact!I thought it was a bit strange how we had to pay for our massages up front, but whatevs.  We were led into a small, dimly lit room with massage amenities and surprisingly soothing Asian midi karaoke-esque music playing.  The massage was PHENOMENAL.  It was waaay more than just reflexology; it was an all-over massage, and even though it was just an hour and fifteen minutes, it totally hit the spot.Afterward, my friend asked, "Did I just get my ass massaged or am I just being a prude?".  My reply, "Honey, with a touch that good, he can massage wherever he wants" (and no, their protocol isn't to massage your ass; just the entire side of your body, which just so happens to include the side of your ass).I kinda can't believe that I'm giving this place 5 stars.  If you asked me to write a review a year or two ago, I would've only given them 2 or 3 stars, what with the less than friendly receptionist, my masseuse hounding me for a tip while I was still naked, and the masseurs constantly talking to each other during my massage, but that all has seem to change for the better.This is one of the few times where you'll catch me tipping about 100% (dude, it was an $18 massage!).  I'll totally come back for their reflexology deal, as well as their full body massages (which I've had before and they were pretty damn good!) now that I know they have improved business practices.  Their afternoon deal is totally worth forgoing your lunch break for! :)
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2009,3/19/2010,281,250,8,11,12>FLAVOR:They made it easy on me.... only ONE FLAVOR yogurt... and it's PLAIN TART..... and it's just the way i like it. Not too sweet and good amount of tartiness.TEXTURE:so creamy.  I HATE icy ones, if i want a smoothie i'll go get a smoothie. I LOVE how this place actually have them creamy. That's what i call good quality froyo.  I mean if you haven't notice ya'll, the ones that are self serve w/ bunch of machines lined up against the walls, they're usually icy because they use cheap machines.FINALLY!so close to home.THEY USE SPOONS MADE OUT OF POTATOES.  they look plastic but super brownie points for being environmental friendly and using biodegradable bowls and utensilsThey need to have a sign in the front that say it's a fro-yo joint.  For reals, i'm a fro-yo girl and i drove pass this place all the time.  If it weren't for yelp, i'd never know of this place.  Today, i drove pass this place at least 3 times before finding it. SIGNS PLEASE
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/20/2009,3/18/2010,144,266,10,10,10>I was choosing between Uzen or Rikyu.  Cool hip modern place VS traditional family restaurant. It was like choosing between taking a ride in a sports car or a minivan.Being the ambiance douchebag that I am, I chose Uzen just because it looked cooler. (NOTE: this OF COURSE does not apply to Chinese hole-in-the-wall restaurants)They have daily specials written on paper with pencil so that was pretty neat - EXCEPT THERE WERE NO PRICES. Mystery meal is a mystery. Apparently its charged by market price/per lb but still we didn't know how much the dishes were.My friend and I weren't particularly impressed with their standard offerings because it was a standard Japanese entree set so we opted for the daily specials and their sushi.+++ FOODIkasugata - Grilled whole squid served with a mayo/fish roe sauce. This was interesting because I'm used to squid being chewy, but the texture of the grilled squid here is more like regular fish. It had a distinct bite and fleshiness. MEHI probably wouldn't get it again.Hamachi Kama - Grilled yellowtail cheek. If you haven't had grilled yellowtail cheek, you're missin' out. The cheek is arguably the best part of the fish because the meat is super tender and moist. This is always a good choice if a Japanese place offers it, and they didn't disappoint here. salt + pepper + lemon + fishcheek = make out session nomnom.Nigiri - Only got the tuna and salmon so it's only judged off those. With that then, I can say that the nigiri was some of the best I've had in Berkeley. Very well-cut fresh fish and a good fish-to-rice ratio. Apparently if you order at least 6 orders of sushi then you get free salad and soup.+++ SERVICEOkay, the waitresses are super attentive in terms of refilling your tea/water/drink, BUT BUT BUT BUTI had to wait 30 minutes to get my bill. I mean, it was cool staying there and talking, but shitttt we had to ask alot of times for the bill. This is where the minus star happens.I guess hanging out in the cool hip popular place was not as cool as I thought.YOU COULD HAVE HAD 4 STARS BRO. YOU COULD HAVE HAD IT IN THE BAG.
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2010,3/17/2010,294,247,16,17,17>Only a couple of years ago, Walnut Creek was one of our primary stomping grounds. We loved the night time atmosphere, the lights in the trees, the art festivals. We wandered aimlessly down back alleyways with our Yogurt Park cones. We were glad to be in a glitzy safe, *warm* suburbia which seemed...well, a trifle "staged'.  Time passes. Its been a while since we were there. We took a drive to the old haunts this week.  Thought we might go to Chili's just for the fun of it. Not so. Chili's has closed.Main Street books has closed, too. Piano stores have moved from one storefront to the next. Things were the same, but very different.But, there was Hubcaps. Same corner. Must have been there for a good five to ten years...which in Walnut Creek time means that its *ancient*.We walked in. Sat at a table with a good view of the television. Watched the news while we ate. The food was very good, very fresh, very clean. The television was very clear. The waiter, was very attentive.  We were pleased with our meal choices.For a fleeting moment, we considered moving back to the Creek. Maybe to some little upscale condo downtown. Near the theaters or the Civic Park.  It would be fun, it would be cool.And then, we realized. Walnut Creek, Hubcaps, the Civic Park, the Regional Center are just too perfect for the likes of us. Maybe in some distant time we'll meet again . Or in another lifetime. But you are too perfect for right now. So, Hubcaps. We liked you, we like your food and your service. But, in a word...you wereUnreal.See you again someday. Probably.
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2009,3/16/2010,212,286,8,15,9>Mr. Pho, don't let the name fool you they have some really good pho here. At first when i was driving by this place I thought to myself yea there's another pho spot opening in Hayward. But after walking in and seeing how nice the place looks and how great the service was Im hooked. I have been here 3 times now, I came to the grand opening which was really cool because they gave us free sodas. I also came two other times after that, and every single time the service and pho has not failed me yet.Lets start out by saying the pho has a really nice deep beefy broth to it, and it comes out right when you order it. Im talking about not even 2 mins. and its out. The noodle to meat portions are just right, i hate it when they give me too much meat or too much noodles. This place has it down, it seems like everyone here knows exactly what they are doing. I think they been in the resturant business for quite some time. I usually get the brisket and meatball pho, but after having their meatball the first time i just stick it to brisket only. The meatball is ok but i had better.Service here is on point, and the place is super clean. Im giving them 4 stars because everything is great but the parking. I hate how you cant get in and out easily here. I drive a big quad cab truck and the parking spots are way too small. Getting in and out can be a big hassle but having a great pho spot in hayward i can deal with it.4 Stars for Mr. Pho in Hayward
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2010,3/15/2010,216,128,18,18,16>When I found out about SV a long time ago, only to find out that they were closed and not knowing when they would reopen!  Till we were walking from the Bart station towards Jack London Square one day, I saw the sign and all I did was pointing at it, speechless!I am not vegan and I love their food here!  Everything is very flavorful and the price for the combo for 2 is unbeatable!  We had plenty of food to share and the service is extremely friendly!Fav s- BBQ Tofu & Yams!!Must return soon for more!!!
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2009,3/14/2010,294,86,10,16,14>Cam Huong is that local hole in the wall that serves up banh mi sandwiches just like you'd expect it: super tasty and sinfully cheap. I ordered the BBQ pork banh mi and for only $2.50 I received a delicious warm, toasted bread roll stuffed with nicely seasoned pork slices, smothered in flavorful mayo and layered with veggies, cilantro and jalapenos - they definitely don't skimp on the fillings!  All the textures and flavors melded nicely in each bite.  Delicious indeed.  However, I thought the bread was a bit too toasted and definitely did a number to the roof of my mouth.  What's that saying...No pain, no gain?Besides the mouth-watering sammies, this cafe offers some other delectable treats.  Their menu boasts some good looking (and nicely priced) Vietnamese dishes, like pho.  Cam Huong also has an endless cafeteria style selection of individual meal items when you're craving the familiar fried rice or chow mein.  For those who need a quick lunch fix to-go, you can't go wrong with the variety of prepackaged goods, Asian snacks, and dessert concoctions that line the restaurant.  And to wash down all this deliciousness, order a pearl tea drink or the addictive Vietnamese coffee.  If you're in the mood to enjoy your Vietnamese goodies fresh, they do have a decent amount of seating (and a flat screen to catch up on infamous mid-day soaps) and the friendly staff will deliver your order with a smile. Cam Huong is your one-stop shop for yummy, authentic, and affordable Vietnamese lunchtime fare.  What more could you ask for?
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2009,3/13/2010,341,458,6,14,11>My neighbor *did* ask to do our shared fence shortly after admiring our new front gate.  The new side fence is gorgeous and well made.He will be using Mid Peninsula for his remaining fence sides, and so will we.I almost docked a star.  There were some minor problems, due to miscommunication.  But, get this, Gilbert came over and resolved these problems at his own expense AFTER he had already cashed the payment check.  Unheard of.Integrity.  That's what I'm talking about.
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2009,3/12/2010,431,352,14,20,20>When I worked on the west side of Alameda I ordered take-out from Thai Place quite often and was never disappointed. They also deliver which was a bonus for me when I was too swamped to leave work. Now that I live in Oakland I don't go there often but I did stop in for dinner last night and left full and happy, spending only $30 with tip for 2 people. (Pineapple Seafood in Yellow Curry, Pad-Thai which is quite sweet, Thai iced tea, and a Mun-Tod appetizer). I have tried most of the menu and enjoy their curries, tofu and seafood based dishes. I'm also a fan of their spring rolls, taro rolls, and mun tod. The restaurant is decorated with some beautiful and interesting Thai art, and on the left side they have what looks like traditional floor seats but there is actually a hallowed out space underneath to dangle your legs. I'm not sure of the proper name for this type of seating but I enjoy sitting on the floor so I am happy to eat here. The service is prompt and friendly and the prices are quite moderate. - 1 star because its not the best Thai food but for the price its a great spot to go to in Alameda. peace, love, and good booze (they do serve wine here) ~ chase
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2010,3/11/2010,244,1164,6,14,13>Yum!  Yum!  So happy we stopped in here after realizing that we would have to wait an hour at East Ocean or Chef's Wok - and I wasn't willing to wait that long.We were greeted warmly by the servers, and were impressed by the spotlessly clean surroundings and the huge menus.  We started out with some very tasty spring rolls.  Only complaint was that the sauce was kind of boring, but we fixed that up with a squirt of srichaha sauce.  I had the Pho with grilled shrimp and my hon of hons husband had the special veggie curry.Both dishes were delicious and the portions enormous.  The ingredients were top notch and presented beautifully.  I was glad I chose the rice noodles since I never would've been able to eat more than a few bits of the regular noodles that other customers had - they were really thick.  The Pho broth was so delicious and even better once I squirted it with some srichaha sauce (yep, I am addicted).  Lunch for two was $24.  Kind of pricey for lunch, but we both have leftovers that we'll have for lunch tomorrow - Yay!
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2010,3/10/2010,833,1145,12,17,18>14$ : croque monsieur + cappuccinoThere was a nice mezzanine balcony dining area, booths downstairs by the window, metal tables outside, and even counter seats that overlook the kitchen. This humble little cafe is efficient at using whatever space they have. There mezzanine was nice and sunny at noon and it was especially nice to be in the airier part of the restaurant. Plus, you get to stare down at other people's plates. The service was good and extremely friendly. The wait was not too long. Pricing can be a bit much, but you get a good amount.The croque monsieur was not as I expected, but it was good still. It comes with a choice of three sides and I choose the roasted tomatoes. It turned out to be two whole roma tomatoes, not just a few slices like some place would serve. The blood orange french toast looked great. They used a fresh, soft baguette instead of pillowed toast. The Alameda was a monster drizzled with both a hollandaise and balsamic vinegar sauce.next time: the benedicts + mimosa !
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2009,3/9/2010,1211,478,27,27,29>Me:  Chicken sandwich and..a lemon ice for me!Her:  Sure, no problem sweetieMe:  And...maybe 2 pecan shortbreads and a ginger cookieHer:  Cookies are on me!Me:  Zomg *Stuffs face*And when I went back to buy some more cookies for my family, I bought 6 and got another 2 free.  The lady behind me saw me and she got the same thing, so I am just going to say that when you buy 6 cookies, you get 2 free.Yes, I am a cookie monster.
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2009,3/8/2010,429,327,11,14,15>Adesso:  A menu for dopamine fiends.Adesso promises the freshest creamy mortadella with pistachios, cured spicy lamb, salumi with thyme, garlic and white wine, salumi with orange blossom honey and saffron, chicken pate with morels and prosciutto and can you believe? M    o    r    e. This stunning salumi menu, the variety of which will render you to sit the f*ck still, study it, and attempt to match it with a Wine by the glass list that will make even the most avid sampleholic, again, sit the f*ck still.  And marvel at the novelty.  Twice?  In one night.  Sight, beheld.  Taste, savored.  Scent, relished.  Feel, agitated.Don't believe me?  Fine.  Let Adesso linger.  Go back.  Try more.  And then solidify that certainty you already knew.
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2010,3/7/2010,217,1121,7,9,12>Funny thing...we came back again to celebrate a belated V-day this year too!  We were lured by the "memorable meal" deal...2 starters, filet/lobster tail, 2 sides and 2 desserts for $90.  Service was excellent and DH were both impressed that we were offered dark napkins without having to ask.  The food was simply amazing and too much for 2 people to even finish!  The filets were cooked to perfection and the lobster tails were generous and meaty.
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2010,3/6/2010,628,530,16,20,16>Review 99 HAS to be Ranch 99!  I know. I know.  I live 2 blocks from Oakland Chinatown.  But Ranch 99 is like the Walmart of Asian food, it's sorta the devil to small businesses, but damn are prices cheap and it's ALL in one place!My favorite thing by far is the ramen isle.  Yes.  I said ramen isle. One gloriously long, wide, isle of pure noodle satisfaction.For the single girl who likes cooking and good food, but also excels in lazyness, I suggest their frozen isle.  You can get all sorts of buns, dumplings, and other nummy items that cook up really quick in a microwave or boiling water that normally one would buy at a restaurant.  Susan's Cooking Tip:1 Pack Ramen1 Egg1/2 cup frozen veggies5 frozen chicken leak dumplingsBoil dumplings until they only have 3 or 4 minutes of cooking left.  Add ramen.  Add Veggies.  Bring back to a boil then add 1 egg and stir around.Instant nummy nummy ramen/dumpling noodle soup!
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,3/5/2010,883,311,13,10,13>OMG how cute is this!I saw Sherlock Holmes here on Christmas and the theater made my Robert Downey Jr. fantasies all the much more enjoyable.  First off, when you walk in, it is far from a standard theater.  There are EFFING COUCHES. Oh yes. I wanted a date to cuddle with, but instead got a gigantic puffy chair all to myself. Then, there are waiters who run from couch to couch taking orders for fries, pizza, and fun fun fun stuff. Now, rumor has it that there used to be a full bar here, and sadly those days are not upon us anymore  However, the idea of having a bar in a theater would greatly change my outlook on the movie going experience.  With that said, the wait staff here is still a great improvement on any AMC theater, as is the food selection. And the effing couches.  Had I a main squeeze, I would surely drag him here for some cupcaking and movie watching. (Ahem)I soooo will be back to cuddle up and watch something exciting (especially if it has Robert Downey Jr with his shirt off again!)
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2010,3/4/2010,137,325,8,11,10>The best lamb shawerma's EVER!The ingredients are fresh and the portions are HUGE!  And, the prices are LOW.  Easily big enough for two people or two meals!If you are not a fan of lamb go for the chicken its pretty good too!
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2009,3/3/2010,331,587,11,18,17>My dinner at Commis was a dream.  I'd been jonesing to come here since its debut.  Highly stylized, creative food...but without foams and vapors, sounded just like what the Bay Area needed.  James Syhabout, the chef and proprietor, has an impressive C.V. ranging from Manresa, Coi, Fat Duck, and even El Bulli.  Knowing this, I was excited to see that it opened nearby, becoming ever more proud of Oakland's burgeoning culinary scene.Well, I finally went last week, and I was lightyears beyond impressed.  My friend and I were seated in the back, and he was gracious to let me have the seat that looked out at the rest of the restaurant.  We skipped wine pairings and opted for an amazing Trappist beer.  We ogled the nice flatware and ambiance, the simplicity of the space seems perfect, though some have complained of its sterility.  We were first treated with a Red Shiso soda as a palette cleanser.  If they bottled that for sale, I would buy a case.  Then an amuse bouche which was a rich egg custard. Our appetizers were both amazing...their menu is always changing, so listing the courses may be a moot point, but I get the impression that you cannot go wrong ordering anything here!  I will note that on mine (salmon tartare with lots of stuff and pumpernickel) the texture was spectacular, and every bite popped with flavor.  Main courses provided the perfect amount of meat, and my duck was perfectly done.  Dessert was the most visually pleasing dish I'd ever seen, served on a heavy grey slate.  It was also delicious (white cheddar cheesecake with finely diced apples).  Commis uses local and natural ingredients, as most successful Bay Area restaurants do, but aren't afraid to push barriers and make creative, exciting, and innately flavorful dishes and unorthodox combinations.  Get here now! Reservations can be made on OpenTable, so there's no excuse not to try the Bay Area's best new restaurant.
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2009,3/2/2010,521,497,19,22,21>It's not everyday that you say "let's go get some lunch at the gas station...", unless you happen to be a trucker.This is a surprise gem of a stand, located in the Valero gas station mini mart.  The owners running the stand are really into their fried foods.  It's a passion which is hopefully gonna keep them around for a long while.  While we didn't venture into trying any of the fried desserts, we did opt for the pastrami and Italian beef sandwiches.  Both were stacked high in savory meaty goodness and were every bit delicious.  Both were winning choices, but I think I preferred the pastrami sandwich.We ended up ordering 1 order of gravy fries with the sandwiches, which, unless you're super hungry, was too much for us.  Fries and gravy...good concept.  I only wish the fries were cut to medium size strings; these were meaty steak fries that weren't too crisp.We plan to head back here in the near future.Just don't come here before you have blood work done to check your cholesterol levels.
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,2/28/2010,380,441,15,24,20>Probably the best Brooklyn-style pizza in the Bay Area. It's a small place, with a long line(although we lucked out). Much like Brooklyn joints, there is no seating, just counter space. Or you can just eat your slice(s) on the sidewalk. Slices are $3.25 and are huge, yet nice and thin. The pizza is deliciously greasy and packed with flavor. I had a slice of pepperoni and a slice of spinach/garlic. The pepperoni were large and very spicy and the spinach/garlic was just wonderful. The staff is nice and the pizza makers do their thing and toss the dough around right in front of you. Wonderful place.
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2009,2/26/2010,610,620,16,20,19>If you are in for some fun, ask someone to go to lunch with you and bring them here without saying much about it. My experience:We pull up..Friend: "Really?  You really want to go in here?"Me: "Yeah!"Friend: *audibly talking to herself* "We are really going to go in here and eat..."From the outside it looks like it could be an auto body shop or a biker bar.  I'll tell you from the inside; it's not all that different.There is one bar with a bunch of attached stools and 4 very small tables for seating.  There is one more small table but it's currently occupied by a TV, circa 1980 playing whatever happens to be on locally.  The day we were in it was Divorce Court and I'm pretty sure the Mr. got cleaned out.While we ate, 3 truck drivers came in and ordered food to go.  At one point, the sole waitress in the place asked one of them loudly to "go round to the side door".  Whatever that means?  Mr. Clampett was looking for him?  Definitely a down home, everyone knows your name kind of place.The prices are ridiculous..ridiculously low that is (see pics - there was one lunch board I didn't snag a picture of though) and for lunch you get fries and a drink with pretty much anything you order.I got the French Burger.  I ate until I couldn't eat any more and still had a huge pile of food sitting there.  I'm going to coerce someone into sharing with me next time.  The burger was cooked just the way I like it - well done but still fresh and juicy.  The ratio of ingredients was also perfect, in my opinion.I saw a guy order a salad and I'm not kidding, I'm not sure if you could have fit what was on that plate into a large watermelon.  It looked delicious but I couldn't eat that much in a week.  I'm dying to come back and try the breakfast. I think..maybe after bathing suit season.My only critique is that the service can be slower than slow.  One waitress and one manning the stove + any kind of a lunch rush = you're going to have to wait.  However, when she was able to help us she was very friendly.  She was also great about ringing us up separately so we didn't have to split the bill.
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,2/25/2010,237,521,19,21,21>I've been a four-eye's since 1st grade. My first pair of glasses were a horn rimmed number.  Nobody cared what I looked like, and they were atrocious.  I don't even think I have a picture of me wearing them.  I hated them.  And that was the story of my life.Until about 6 years ago, when I finally started coming to Dr. Joyce, I didn't have a love affair with my glasses.  I dont' know why I didn't think it was important to pick out a pair that thrilled me, after all, they are my most worn accessory, sans my wedding ring.So after my first visit, I picked out a pair of really cutting edge Christian Dior's.  And guess what, I felt so darn good with those glasses.  By the time I was ready for my next pair of glasses, I needed bifocals.  So I got the progressive lens, with the thin lens, curved edges, etc and this time I chose Gucci's.  My glasses were so hot, that by the time I had picked them up, they were showing them to other customers to show them what could be done with their lenses.Gotta love this place!
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2009,2/24/2010,304,243,17,25,23>A Sunday late evening swim in the pool on a beautiful day in good ol' Alameda @ my couzin's place...now what to eat for dinner? Nah, don't really feel like fast food & nothing in the fridge..kinda feel like dinning in @ a "dive-like" place w/ affordable prices...well then Buttercup Grill & Bar in Oakland was the perfect choice! yelp.com/biz_photos/xgwJ…LOCATION: When I say next to Hwy 880, I mean seriously next to Hwy 880.  Location is tricky if u drive fast, so sloooow down so u don't pass the place. Next to Sara Lee Bakery Group, which is in plain site off of Hwy 880 around 23rd Ave exit. They have private parking lot, but (unmetered) street parking available too.RESTAURANT: Large, clean, spacious, handicap friendly, & welcoming to folks of all sizes. yelp.com/biz_photos/xgwJ… Spacious & large outdoor patio w/ umbrellas, & a small bar area. A lil' higher league than Denny's, Carrows, & separate from IHOP 'cuz they have a bar, but doesn't put them in league w/ Chili's, TGIFridays, Chevy's, etc. A great location for eats solo, w/ another, or a very large party.CUST SVC: Our waitress-Carmen was eeeeexcellent! My sis, couz, & myself arrived this past Sun 9/20/09 prob around 7pm. Not very busy at all, but few patrons inside. Carmen was excellenet in the manner of being a patient, polite, friendly, & a thorough waitress doing everything you expect or take for granted. Thanks Carmen & keep up the good work to u & ur team =)TASTES: Couz order a soda (FREE REFILLS) that sis & I sipped while enjoying our glass of water *tee-hee*. We sampled 2gthr the Buffalo Shrimp yelp.com/biz_photos/xgwJ… for some reason smaller portion than what we expected, or maybe the plate was too big; just ok, no need to rush & get this. Sis felt like breakfast so got Pancakes yelp.com/biz_photos/xgwJ… w/ scrambled eggs & a side of hash yelp.com/biz_photos/xgwJ… Egg portion looked small, but turned out to be fulfilling. I kid you not her pancakes smelled so good as she cut them up! Of course I had to taste them, & official SCRUM-DIDLY-UMPTOUS Stamp for hotcakes! Couz & I both got Fish & Chips yelp.com/biz_photos/xgwJ… ; I substitued my coleslaw for potato salad & couz sub for extra fries. A very crunchy, crispy, & hot dish here. Fries were really tasty & fish was good; crumbled bread batter & almost seemed double fried being so crunchy...not thick pieces of fish, but still good.FINAL TAB: So we spent $47 & change for 1 soda (free refills), 1 app, & 3 entrees (1-breakfast w/ side, 2-dinners). As much as we initially thought we'd be able to sample a slice of their upside down apple pie, too full & couldn't do it...definitely next time. Awesome service (high five Carmen), comfy seating, & great food. Nice way to end my weekend out w/ sis & couz =) This place gets a recommendation from me!---------------------Woo-hoo! My 4th ROTD - 2/24/2010
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2010,2/23/2010,108,1734,23,35,32>Those who have been reading my reviews for a long time may remember our abortive attempt in October 2008 to go to the old location.  Having set off w/o an address or anything more than a vague idea of where it was, we drove around unable to find it and ended up at the Chaat Cafe on University Avenue by default because we knew where it was.  We never made another attempt and so we missed the experience of the original place.Today we decided to have lunch at Vik's.  We found it w/ almost no problem.  I could smell the spices from the parking lot.  We entered through the market and made our way to the restaurant in the back.  We joined the line, which moved much quicker than expected.  I had read that the experience of ordering could be overwhelming and it was, a bit.  We weren't prepared, although we figured out pretty quickly what we wanted.  The Dahi Batata Puri, w/ its mention of yogurt and tamarind chutney, immediately caught my eye.  We also ordered the masala dosa and keema (lamb) samosas.  I ordered a mango lassi.  The place was crowded and pulsing w/ conversation, but we found a table.  It still had remnants of the last diner's meal, but it's like Cafe W, where the tables turn over so quickly there's often no time to clean them.  I saw someone cleaning an empty table a little later.The puri came first.  We were both surprised that it was cold, but it was delicious.  They say chaat means "lick", as in licking the plate (or in India, the leaf it comes on) clean.  I didn't, but I scraped it as clean as I could.  It's harder to lick a paper plate, and these were Chinet-weight...  The dosa was OK.  It tasted good, but we wouldn't order it next time, because it was difficult to cut w/ the spork and there are no knives.  The last dosas we had weren't finger food and we were unsure whether this was, so we split the difference and probably embarrassed ourselves, although if anyone sneered we didn't notice.  The samosas were very flavorful and we would have them again.  The place is a more exciting than relaxing place to eat.  I look forward to the next time so we can explore more of the menu, but our meal is definitely going to include the puri.
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2009,2/22/2010,832,283,62,52,59>The following is a list of RUMORS I was considering starting for the selfish purpose of keeping the AWESOME NEW BERKELEY BOWL all to myself: --the new facility was built by third world children personally commissioned by Kathie Lee Gifford, and was constructed with the use of a new mortar known to react explosively upon contact with Birkenstocks and/or natural fiber clothing --every time you buy their store brand organic olive oil, they send 5% of the proceeds to Halliburton--the organic fruit bins are lined with the soft pelts of baby seals--Bill O'Reilly REALLY likes the falafel from the cafe --the Dalai Lama said it sucks and that if you shop there, so do you--their eggs are neither organic nor free-range, and rather are laid by Ann Coulter herself in a small coop behind the parking garage at 9th and Heinz--the owner's wife didn't breastfeed her children I feel awful for even considering writing such things. It was just that I was so worried once word got out about how AWESOME the new Bowl is that soon it, too, would be infested with giant swarms of hungry/angry/dirty hippies, thus making traffic, parking, and shopping the same unmitigated nightmares that have plagued the other current and past locations. No such bad luck. Sure, there are crowds of hippies a'plenty, but there is also ample shopping space, as well as bountiful parking and beaucoup de cashiers to the rescue. It's  my supermarket superhero.
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2009,2/21/2010,301,844,19,21,20>Getting stung by a bee hurts, and between that long-ago experience and last night's drinks, I hope it's as close as I ever come to being stung by a scorpion - the Scorpion Bowl was more than enough. The "venom" had me worried that I'd get a little too appreciative with the friendly (and cute) staff or the friends and cool people who came late for the dancing. The DJ played some fun world music (mostly reggae- and latin-inspired beats) and kept the tempo high, although I thought some of the transitions were a little rough. The food we had was tasty - the guac had a nice touch of lime and the chips were light and crisp without being overly fragile. I appreciated that the shrimp & artichoke dip had whole bay shrimp in it, despite a thinner consistancy than I'm used to. Everybody had a great time and the tropical decor was a lot of fun. Conga's not a large place though, so bringing more than about 8 people will make it nearly impossible to sit together. (And they don't take reservations for larger groups, either.)Still, for an awesome evening, bring a couple friends and come down for some food and fun. Just watch out for the sting of the scorpion bowl!
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2009,2/20/2010,412,187,19,23,19>When I was a kid, I would scream bloody murder at even the utterance of the word "dentist". I was the chinky eyed little girl in the bowl cut with all her teeth capped so it looked like a floodlight when I laughed. Many many years ago, I'm still that painfully scared child but knew I had to do something about my teeth. Image dental saw me after 5 years of neglected oral hygiene and fixed me up. I had 5... yes, count em, FIVE cavities to be filled and had to be bribed by promises of ice cream and a movie afterwards to go through with my appointment. Jan, the office manager is so genuinely nice and knows how to quell the nerves. Dr. Nam Nguyen had the kindest face, reassuring tones and the gentlest hands. When he got down to business I didn't even mind that I had 4 hands literally "all up in my grill". He was one guy I didn't mind having in my mouth at at! (oh.. let me rephrase that...) It was so calming that I almost fell asleep when he was working on the cavity. Gone were the horrible memories of my mom promising me we were looking for 1st communion dresses then dropping me off at the dentist, giant needles in my tiny gums or looking like I swallowed a tin cup for every class photo. Thanks Image Dental! My face might still be half asleep, but I'm all smiles =D
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2009,2/19/2010,423,725,13,19,20>Sidebar is sexy, hands down.  The square bar where you get to casually eat your sophisticated food and beverage selections is where it's at by the lake for me.  This, and Zza's Enoteca down the block would be my regular joie-de-vivre haunts if I lived around the lake, and this is a first choice for dinner and drinks in the area.Everything is on point here - the decor, the service, and most of all the food and beverage.  The paprika fries were outstanding, the chopped salad was perfect and served in an interesting white bowl that is angled towards you like a chair - very cool - and the stuffed shell entree I had was good, but I would have liked their lunch veggie option of the chickpea-cilantro burger much more, methinks.  Fin du Monde washed it down and it's one of my favorite brews if I don't get something local.Sidebar, you actually filled Trio Bistro's shoes admirably.  I still miss it, but you're a worthy successor.
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2009,2/18/2010,575,224,35,28,28>Having lived most of my life in California, I probably don't know shit about BBQ compared to you slack jawed, cowboy hat wearing, pick-up truck driving, mullet sporting mofos. If I have offended anybody with this statement, fuck off.  I still like Toby Keith even after he did the slanty eyes with his fingers when he heard the word "Yellow." youtube.com/watch?v=9myF… . Not everything's racist, you sensitive twat.And E&J definitely isn't bad as y'all make it out to be. In fact, I've been eating here for almost a decade now. Why? Take a whiff of the ribs static.px.yelp.com/bphot… and you'll be transported to the ghetto of Oakland - single story houses with porches and knee high chain link fences, graffiti decorated billboards, and a visceral thuggishness that's raw and real. Take a bite and you feel the love of every worker involved - from the prison parolee cutting the meat to the obnoxious order takers who couldn't give a rat's ass about Global Warming. The meat is nothing fancy. Just soft, succulent, sometimes chewy with fatty goodness just like Big Momma made it. If you want to become a Big Momma yourself, see if you can finish a slab static.px.yelp.com/bphot… . I challenge you to. My treat if you can do it.There are 3 sauces, mild, medium, and hot. The medium is a nice balance. Hot is pretty spicy, the kind that builds and increases in intensity with each bite. Take it from me: I laugh in the face of Habanero peppers and chew garlic cloves straight up.Pass on the chicken - it's usually too dry for my taste. But if you can see the brisket being cut and it's not well done and looks like this: static.px.yelp.com/bphot… eat it! EAT IT! GROW CHUBZ!I shouldn't be one to talk. Thanks to E&J, my ass is turning into ground zero of a fat attack, indenting a crater so deep it threatens to dig its way to China. At this rate of eating, I'm going to be so huge one day I'm going to use the freeway as a slip and slide. That's how I roll (or soon will be -pun intended).
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2010,2/17/2010,543,699,15,17,17>Coming here for dinner might not be their best showing, but dim sum is where it is at! I've been here twice in the last two weeks for dim sum, one on a weekday and another on a weekend and it was enjoyable both times! Dishes to look for: 1. Drunken chicken. Pieces of chicken stuffed in clay pot soaked in rice wine. Delicious! You have to order this from the paper menu that they give you. I call this dish "CUI" for Chicken Under Influence. 2. Fried turnip cake (order this through the paper menu as well. It's shaped like three little carrots. Cute!)3. Marinated salt water duck 4. Short ribs5. Fried taro 6. Small soup dumplings (XLB) 7. Hong Kong style milk tea (cold or hot)8. Mango pudding for dessert Avoid items like chow mein and bbq pork buns so you can save your appetite for the other yummies!
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2009,2/16/2010,133,165,32,23,20>When you become a parent, people tend to offer alot of advice.  Generally advice is hit or miss, sometimes its good and sometimes its dismal.In line at Target one early morning, someone felt implored to offer some Potty Training Advice after noticing the training pants and two year old in my cart.  "Throw M&M's in the toilet and tell him to pee on them, it works like a charm!"  Hm.  Pee on M&M's?  That's a bit vulgar, but hey I'll give it a shot.  So it took a month for me to get this kid to stop nose diving headfirst into the toilet in search of M&M's.  Bad Advice, very very bad advice.  Last year after spending a very long hot day at the San Francisco Zoo I expressed some disappointment to a friend of mine over the opaque safety glass, so thick we couldn't even see the animals.  I told her we would have seen Lions more clearly by staying home and watching TV.  She told me to give the Oakland Zoo a try, safe cages but you can actually see the animals.  I was so glad I took her advice!  The Oakland Zoo has almost as many animals as the San Francisco zoo, but its cheaper, easier to get there and oh wow you can actually see the animals here.  Not to mention the fact that there is an entire ride section to satisfy the bored preteens and a petting zoo with sheep and goat.  If they could only add Alpaca's to that petting zoo, this would be a 5 star experience.
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2010,2/15/2010,700,420,20,25,24>Yesterday was my last AYCE hurrah/splurge/Fatty McGee moment until the new year. Me and my co workers were craving Indian food for a good month now. Only a few people like it and is worried about how they smell after, so it's hard to plan a lunch date because everyone always want to go anywhere but Indian! Man, I wish I took a picture of our delicious food! We were too consumed by our butter chicken, spicy chicken, masala chicken, vegetable samosa, naan, saag paneer, and more! They have other meats like lamb curry, but I don't eat lamb. For dessert, they always have my favorite mango ice cream, but they also surprised us with these fried-bright orange dessert that resembles like a funnel cake-it was simply divine! They also had this fruit pudding that I've never had before, and they had sweet carrots, too! We thought it was sweet potatoes, but the server corrected us and said they were carrots. The best thing about this place is it's only $9.99 for their amazing Indian buffet! One more extra star for more dessert variety! Happy 2010 everyone! I know my 2010 is going to be EPIC :-)
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,2/14/2010,1948,4780,19,35,35>I took Gayle here for her birthday last night, and only after I convinced her that working late and missing a chance to celebrate wasn't a good idea. After all, a little white space in ones life is a good and healthy thing. Va de Vi marks a special spot in the early stages of our relationship when things progressed to a higher level. And just as she had "pulled out all the stops" here before, it's my pleasure to make special things happen for her too. I made a same day reservation on Open Table and noted that it was Gayle's birthday. So when we arrived, Gayle was immediately greeted with a "Happy Birthday". We were also seated at one of the larger tables, when one opened up. Until then, we were well taken care of at the bar. In fact, whether it was the maître d' , the bartender, our waitress, or one of the other servers (who delivered the Pumpkin Chiffon Mousse desert with a single birthday candle), the service was not only excellent, it was special. We enjoyed the food too, as we joked about our Midwest friend Ron, who on the last visit wouldn't share and couldn't believe the small portions! It was all good, whether it was the pomme frits, the savory meatballs, bruchetta, and a cheese course. We also ordered a couple red wine flights, including a tasty Italian Barbera. I'm sure that it's no coincidence that this wine was described as vibrant, full-bodied, assertive and very sexy, and that it keeps getting sexier and smoother as it gets older!It was a lovely evening. And as we walked back hand-in-hand through Downtown Walnut Creek, the phone rang. On the line was Gayle's darling 4 year-old granddaughter wishing her beloved G.G. a happy birthday.
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2010,2/13/2010,2712,383,21,23,20>OMG! I haven't had 'It's It Ice Cream' in decades.This oatmeal cookie sandwiched ice cream dipped in chocolate goodness was the bomb!We got a half case (12 bars for 10 bucks) - 3 Vanilla, 2 Mint, 4 Cappuccino and 3 Chocolate. They're sold individually, half case or full case (24 bars).They also had big daddy, big daddy dipped, super sundae, chips it, super cone ice cream and Stella's Gourmet frozen cookie dough.The chocolate was my favorite.I got my fix today...
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2009,2/12/2010,792,96,29,33,35>On the corner of such-and-such street lies a small wonder. Nestled in the lonely corner of an avenue, surrounded by commerce and homes, across the block is a gas station subsequently its largest observatory audience.The red, yellow and greens of the street light rainbow, melodically causes one to often miss such a place.The walkers of College avenue often whisper in the evenings while strolling past "honey we should have went there instead of..."Yet one often forgets the jewel potential in the rough.I remember the first time I set foot in the slanted restaurant. I remember it vividly. She slurped, I sucked. Her's was spicy mine was not.The decor provided a friendly atmosphere of conversation, we talked all the night long. The bill was paid, the night was young, and we stepped out the door, back on the street, accompanying our mass transient society.We hadn't realized it then, but we fell for something that night. Our recollection time line brought us back to this place, to this place were our fondest memories stored. It was more then decor, more than smiles and wok's....It was love and noodles, we fell in love over love and noodles.
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2010,2/10/2010,513,243,22,26,25>The DBL was insane! I have to admit that I wasn't expecting too much from the looks of the place from the outside, but it was pretty cracking on the inside! You know how the saying goes!I was invited to come out with my Yelp homie Tisha K. and I couldn't say no to kick it with my buddy!  I met a bunch of great people as well! Everyone just wanted to have a great time and there weren't any trouble makers which made the night very enjoyable!I will be back to imbibe at this great watering hole!
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2009,2/9/2010,3617,1853,22,29,29>This place has become so popular, it is usually crowded. They also upgraded their outdoor furniture from lawn chairs to something nicer.This is a good family place, because it is reasonably priced food in a clean, colorful environment, pretty good size with two dining rooms, and they have a kids menu. They also have a Vegetarian menu. It is a little off the beaten path, on 6th about halfway between University and Gilman in north Berkeley, in a residential and industrial area. It isn't a waiter place, it's more of a cafeteria style line-up and order, get your plastic number and be served place. They have a large menu, with the usual favorites. Tacos (3 w/ beans, $7.50, all flavors incl Red Mole Manchamanteles); Burritos (Regular or Super $4.95 veggie to $6.95 Pescado, add $2.25 for Super which is guac, cheese and cream); Tamales (3 Tamales Nortenos, Veggi, or 2 large Chicken Mole $9.95); Enchiladas (3 with rice and beans, $9.95), plus special house plates. There are also Quesadillas (3 corn or 1 flour, $4.65), Empanandas (2 for $5.75); Flautas (2, $7.75); Ceviche ($8.65); also Sandwiches, Soups, Salads, and Tostada Salads. This place gets packed on the weekends for brunch. The food is solid, more authentic than the Americanized chains, and reasonable. The salsas are bit too Burger King/Inn-n-Out like, with the 3 pump dispensers for Verde, Harbanero and Chipotle, and little plastic cups. I prefer a fresher salsa bar with more fresh but spicy veggies and those more runny salsas, so I can mix and match heat and flavor with fresh ingredients.Freshly made tortillas on site!
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,2/8/2010,126,1452,23,28,26>We came back for an Unofficial Yelp Event.  I am upgrading because they willingly put up with us, they are doggie friendly and they have amazing cocktails.  What more could a yelp addict ask for?The "Mini" Lobster Roll was excellent and even though you think its small it really is just the right size.  The home made chips are a fitting match and their fresh slaw is crazy good.My husband had the Fish & Chips.  You cant go wrong getting a fish dish at a well known fish place.  He loved them and the custom Mayo they serve on the side is great for dipping your fries in.  Yeah, I'm one of those weirdos that likes dipping my Fries in Mayo.They made us a special cocktail called "The Pink Lady."  One of my favorite types of cocktails are ones with Champagne in them.  This one was one of the best I have had.The oysters were fresh and delish and the prices are incredible for happy hour.  We had a great time and will be back again for more amazing cocktails, oysters and fish.
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,2/7/2010,241,184,26,28,29>Alright... so I feel like i'm going thru a drought.  My reviews are getting almost no FUCs and I need a review to turn that around.  Remember the good old days when I used to have reviews that people actually wanted to read?  Now, its like good food, good drink, good space, goodbye.  How can I make this review interesting?  Honestly, shouldn't it be inherently interesting because it's a Tiki lounge?  Tropical drinks, festive decor, friendly female bartenders, and fried snacks.   All there needs to be is a beach and a sunny day right outside their doors and you've got yourself a vacation.  The drinks are also all marked with bottles warning you about the alcohol content.  I guess it's less of a warning and more of an informative thing.  I mean if it were a warning then why am i only drawn to the drinks with 4 bottles (the maximum) next to it.  The Booloo is my favorite: pineapple, honey, and 3 kinds of rum.  Bring it on!  Isn't that interesting too?    Maybe what's interesting is not so much the place itself but the people you find there.  I've run into goths, hicks, business men, and of course the YELPERS!  After all, there was a DYL here.  And then there are my friends, some of which are on Yelp.  But we come here with expectations to get moderately drunk and to see what concoctions the bartender creates in the Mystery Bowl.  The fire that comes along with the bowls always catches our attention.  I think my friends and i are all closeted pyros.Alright, thus far this review hasn't been that interesting considering the  venue.  Maybe i'm just doomed to write mediocre reviews that do nothing more than actually REVIEW the business.  No antecdotes, no special effects, just good old fashioned reviewing.  All I know is that this place is great.  I might not have a great story to tell about my experience here but I guess I don't need one because I always just have a great time here.
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2009,2/6/2010,178,382,12,16,16>You know you've just experienced sushi overload when you come out of the restaurant smelling like fish and soy sauce. My cat must have thought a was a huge filet of salmon walking through the front door of my house. That would explain his insanely friendly welcome with endless face-licking and purring...ick.Being highly recommended by fellow Union City-er, Kathy D., I couldn't resist checking out the new sushi joint within walking distance from my house. We only ordered 4 rolls, but the owners hooked it up with samples of poki salad, rolls, and plenty of appetizer dishes! (We're thinking this was because they knew we were trying to organize an unofficial mini event to try the happy hr menu, but they took it out at the last minute.) A HUGE gratitude to them for showering us with complimentary tastes from their impressive menu.What we ordered:1) Maneki Roll (spicy tuna, cucumber, almond topped w/ tuna, mango, capers, & tobiko) - Super huge, but not as spicy as I expected it to be. Regardless, still my favorite of the evening. Loved the hint of sweetness from the mango.2) 1000 Bolt (shrimp tempura & cucumber surrounding a mound of white tuna bits in special sauce) - Doesn't sound like a lot of ingredients, but it was surely the largest portioned dish on the table. If you want a bang for your buck, this is the way to go. 3) Forrest Gump - I honestly don't remember what was in this one, but I'd pass. 4) Lion King Roll (crab & avocado topped w/ baked salmon & special sauce) - A must have at any sushi joint I visit! This wasn't the best I've ever had, but still satisfying. I felt that there was a bit too much rice and too little crab meat. If it were better balanced, I would've fallen head over heels.What they gave us:1) Poki Salad - Delish! Tons of tuna, salmon, hamachi, & tobiko blanketing the bed of cucumber & seaweed. Awesome flavor with a slight kick in the sauce. Quite a generous sized salad.2) Not sure what they were called, but it was basically smoked salmon, squid, carrot, and capers rolled up in cucumber. As Kathy D. expressed, it's a very refreshing appetizer, but more suitable for the summer season rather than winter. 3) California Crunch roll - Rice overload! I honestly don't think I'd order this one off the regular menu. Not because it wasn't satisfying, but there's just so many other creative and intriguing rolls to taste. 4) Tuna stuffed jalapenos - Oh man these had a kick! Tremendous flavor, but the spiciness crept up on all of us after the last bite. I experienced a slight case of numb tongue even after downing my glass of water (but please do understand I'm a weakling when it comes to spicy foods). I especially loved the side of squid that accompanied this small dish.Overall, I was very impressed with their quality of service, affordable prices, and sinfully tasteful menu. I especially adored how the rolls were organized by the type of fish you like, rather than just being randomly listed. The only issue I expressed to the owner was that they should include a full description of the ingredients they use in each roll (only because some contained nuts and I know of a few patrons who are allergic to nuts). They assured us that this was already something they've worked on and will present the new menus soon. I hope that Maneki continues to grow and becomes the new "it" spot of Union City. I honestly see a lot of potential in this establishment and I only wish them the best in the upcoming new year. Being only a 5 minute walk away, this could be dangerous...They'll definitely be seeing more of me in the near future!
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2009,2/5/2010,711,1293,16,25,23>Loved this place. Loved it.We were given chips, salsa, and (a new one for me personally) bean dip upon arrival. The chips were delicious, the salsa bland enough for me to eat, and the bean dip yummy.The service was quick and friendly and the food arrived fast.Though a bit more expensive than I'd say reasonable, the food was well worth it. My enchiladas with sour cream were so tasty I almost finished them off before I realized how full I was. It was probably the best Mexican food I've had in a long time.The only negative I'd say was that the booth and menus hadn't been cleaned and sauce was on them. And because it wasn't my menu or side of the booth, it didn't bother me a bit ;)I'd come back in a quick hot second.
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2010,2/4/2010,726,863,33,32,33>Facebook humor on Yelp:Email: Hi, Michelle S. Boot and Shoe Service added you as a friend on Facebook. We need to confirm that you know Boot and Shoe in order to be friends on Facebook.Hmmm....I don't know them. But, why the hell not? *ACCEPT*Michelle S. Profile:Michelle S. and Boot and Shoe Service are now friendsStatus Updates:Boot and Shoe Service is now open for business in the old Di Bartolo location on Grand Ave. We serve most excellent Italian food and a full bar with way better service than Di Bartolo.(Michelle S. "likes this")Status Updates two days later:Michelle S. enjoyed her dinner at Boot and Shoe Service tonight.******OK, enough making fun of social networking. I also don't know whether Boot and Shoe actually has a profile....yet.....That being said, I checked them out Friday. I am too braindead to write a review that does them justice. And by "braindead," I mean that I am still in my food coma from all the pizza and burrata (sp?) that I consumed. And whiskey. Did I mention the full bar? But seriously though, it is not a disappointment. It is worth the wait. It was not cheap, but it was not terribly expensive either. The servers take most excellent care of you. And I suggest sitting in the bar if you don't want to wait for a table. Yeah. Michelle S. "likes this."
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2009,2/3/2010,301,336,24,22,22>"Awesomeness in a little brown corrugated box."~ Anthony S.Yeah, I realize I just quoted myself.  I don't know what the rule is about quoting yourself, but I'm pretty sure I'm the first to say this about Grégoire.  Plus, if I don't start quoting myself, no one else will.It was kind of hard to convince me to drop upwards of $16 per entree for takeout food, but once I actually smelled the aroma of perfectly cooked Australian Lamb Chops coming from my housemate Lisa Z.'s takeout bag last week, I knew that I would be plunking down the Hamiltons very, very soon.My lamb chop-induced prophecy came true on Friday night after making reservations at Camino, changing reservations at Camino and then canceling reservations at Camino because I was dead tired from my work-week.  So what to do for dinner?  Make my own?  Haha!  That's funny!  Fast food?  Nope, too greasy.  Pizza?  Ugh.  Not into it.  Whole Foods?  Gah, I'm tired of soup and salad.  "What about Grégoire?" I asked Astrid.  "Yeah!" she said, with a gleam in her eye.So we hopped online to look at the May menu- a virtual smorgasbord of delectable treats to consume.  I went with the lamb chops which was served with a flavorful pesto sauce and steamed snap peas and and order of the Green Garlic Potato Gratin.  Astrid ordered the Braised beef short rib lolly-pop Stroganoff style and an order of potato puffs.  The puffs were free with two entrees.  Free puffs you say?  Yes.  Free puffs.The food was ready within 20 minutes and waiting for us when we arrived in the tell-tale little corrugated brown boxes.  I left the restaurant $63.00 poorer, but I knew that something special was waiting for me in that aromatic paper bag.The food was excellent; perfectly flavored, light but filling and totally worth $16.00 an entree.  The potato puffs were highly addictive- maybe it was because we were inhaling them, but they were habit-forming nonetheless.  Trust me, you've never had takeout like this in your life.  So stop reading this review, drop what you're doing and go to Grégoire for an incredible dining adventure.Why are you still reading this?  GO.  Shoo.  Get out of here.
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2009,2/2/2010,371,281,23,19,22>One leisurely Saturday afternoon, after wheeling and dealing over a couple vintage maps at a Berkeley estate sale, I decided I really just had to have some turkey bacon. I was dreaming of turkey bacon. Turkey in the form of bacon keeps me company when Booty Man ditches me to hurl himself off avalanching cliffs. Turkey bacon and Greyhounds.I thought to myself, what a wonderful opportunity to experience Berkeley Bowl for the first time.I'll take my time. Stroooooll the aisles. Take in the sites and smells.And then I pulled my car into the parking lot. My hands gripped the wheel harder. The sweat starts to pool down my back. The four letter words of hate form in the back of my throat. "F******CK! YES!  I DID IN FACT WANT THAT SPOT A**HAT! YOU THIEF! YOU M*THER **ING SH***BAG."20 minutes later I drove my sweating, swearing, hangry tush out of that lot, found a spot on the street in 3.5 seconds and gracefully (hands still shaking) glided into the Bowl.I grabbed a cart and stood with my jaw scraping the floor as gaggles of glaring hippies pushed me aside.It was oh so much! Oh so wonderful. An entire island dedicated to cheese! Did I type that loud enough??? AN ISLAND OF CHEESE!The olive bar was alive with possibility. The prepared food section made me swoon.TURKEY BACON! There you are! And look! Nitrate-free without the fake fat! You're beeeeeautiful turkey bacon.If there hadn't been gray haired Berkeley moms knocking me in the heels with their shopping carts, I would have danced and spun like nuns do in Austria. The bins and the produce sections completely overwhelmed me. I filled a bag with something or other, walked around the veggies and fruit in a total confused trance, picked up some tomatoes and headed toward the line. I had to leave the line shortly after because I realized there was a weigh station for the bulk foods. You know what they should invest in? Those audio tours they have at museums. It would have made navigating the place a million times easier for a Bowl virgin like myself.The line took me about 20 minutes to get through, but I was entertained by the lovely girl behind me, chatting about making assumptions about people by the products they buy at the grocery store.All in all, I spent around 3 hours buying 10 items I really didn't need all that much, but the experience and the quality of the items left me longing for more. I'm a gal who can stomach the crowds as long as there's the promise of being stranded on an island of cheese.
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2009,1/31/2010,577,823,9,9,11>Short and sweet for this one - just like the price of our meal on Sunday night and just as tasty!$20 Sunday Suppers! Can you go wrong at B's with such a deal?!?!?! I don't think so.The menu when we went - it changes each Sunday - was total Southern and it was spot on minus one hiccup. The chicken fried in duck fat and bathed in buttermilk was as good as anything I had growing up in the South. The yams were sweet and gooey - oh so good. The cornbread - my favorite part as I am a past goer of the National Cornbread Festival in Pittsburgh, TN - was one of the best I've had across this land. Only downside, the peach cobbler, was a HUGE miss. Where's the sugary goodness that comes with such a dessert? The ice cream was a nice touch but....What a treat to be miles from my home in the deep South and find such a meal! YeeeeeHaaaaaawwwww! Enjoy!
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2009,1/30/2010,301,325,26,18,17>dear rick and ann,it's time that i admit something. we have an abusive relationship. in fact, i let you play chris brown to my rihanna, because your lovin' is oh so good.i permit you to make me wait over an hour for a table, embarrassing me in front of my out-of-town friends, as i try to assure them that the wait will be worth it when they have their first bite of potato-cheese pancakes smothered in sour cream and applesauce.i'm willing to accept your indifferent servers who would much rather gab to each other during the brunch rush than bring me my orange-cardamom french toast and homefries. i let it slide that one of your best attributes is rarely seen by the public (yep, i'm calling you out!) - the delectable mini-BLT, which is only offered through catering, therefore requiring me to attend gruesome, all-morning staff meetings where we discuss "how to do more with less" just for a taste. i allow you to boldly state that you will not take reservations for weekend brunch, because you know that there are hundreds of berkeleyans just like me, who will grumble and groan, but will stick it out and wait for that glorious moment when your hostess is illuminated by a golden glow, and calls out our names and those magic words, "your table is ready," and a magnificent choir of angels sing down from the heavens, and... sorry, i get carried away when i get hungry. nonetheless, this is a problem that i can no longer tolerate. though you are a mere 500 ft from my apartment, making it incredibly easy to stumble to your door through a bleary, post-vodka haze; you have become inconvenient, as i must then wait 45 min or so, trying to keep my head from exploding all over the other expectant patrons waiting for brunch. no more, i tell you, no more! i need to find a brunch place that loves me as much as i love it. and if that means traveling further than a tenth of a mile, so be it. it kills me to do this, but i must show some self-respect. it's over between us. yours in agony,kris g. PS - really... who are we kidding? i'll see you next weekend, lover.
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2009,1/29/2010,184,198,16,16,16>Being on our budget often makes us very creative, especially when it comes to grouping errands geographically to save on petrol. I needed some groceries, and Little Big Man wanted dim sum sumthin fierce.  So The Pacific Mall, with Ranch 99 market, and Asian Pearl was just the ticket.We were seated right away; apparently the timing angels were on our side, because later, the (dare I say the "M-word") hordes were storming the door.  Our table was small and so close to another one that when we arrived, our neighbor actually had her elbow resting on it, but that's to be expected when the non-Asian party of 2(!) shows up.  After prying the table out from under her, we were greated with a plate of pork skin.  I know what you're thinking..."EWWWW!"  but damn it was good,  tender, with a little creamy, yes, fat, layer, and a crispy, crunchy salty pork top...too good.At that point, though the waiter came up to explain that dim sum involved carts that came around from which you selected items.  With as much grace as I could muster, I informed him that we were not round-eyes from the backwoods of the Midwest who thought Shu Mai were a footwear outlet, and that we tended to rock our dim sum hard.  ok, maybe not quite in those words.  Maybe more like:  we had  experienced the dim-sum ritual previously, and were keen to begin.  Since it was 12:30, and we hadn't had any to eat yet that day, that was an understatement.  Something more like, "Get the f@#% away from this table and make room for some goddamn FOOD!!!" might have been close to the subtext here.In short order, we had our tiny table crammed with many of our faves:  Chicken feet, particularly plump and succulent, pork bao - dusky, almost chocolate flavors, shu mai - a little dense, but chock full o'bamboo shoot and shrimp flavors, chowfun, more dumplings, sweet tofu soup...Not quite as cheap as Legendary Palace, but maybe a little better quality ingredients.  Definitely slightly better and friendlier service, although that's not saying much.  And my son wasn't afraid to use the bathroom....Legendary Palace bathroom story yet to come...
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2009,1/28/2010,935,691,24,25,24>OMFG, disco inferno in my mouth!Been coming here a lot lately.  The tacos al pastor (adobada) are still delicious.  The nachos are still janky with the sauce instead of shredded cheese.  The wet burrito is still huge and the best deal.However I was adventurous last night and ordered the torta ahogada.  It was the most spicy thing I have ever eaten!  The first bite felt like my tongue and mouth were seared by a hot iron.  It was unbelievable!  If the flavor of the sauce and carnitas wasn't so delicious to accompany the heat, I probably would have returned the torta.  It was delicious though and I finished the whole thing.I don't know if some habanero was meant to find it's way into the sauce and the onions they put on top or if it was a "special" order made for me by the kitchen.  If it's meant to be that spicy then it is irresponsible to not warn people that they make their torta ahogada with habanero sauce.  If this was a special order for the guy who always comes in with the non-tipping Asian girl then I would like to thank the kitchen for opening my eyes to a beautiful marriage of extreme heat with extreme flavor.  The sauce was so rich and thick without being clumpy, complimenting the habanero heat.  The carnitas were also delicious.  I would have liked some cheese either in the torta or on top, like their wet burrito, but that is the only other shortcoming to go along with the lack of warning.They warn people to eat their habanero salsas at their own risk, they should also warn people about habanero in their dishes...if they are a part of the normal ingredients.
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,1/27/2010,330,444,21,24,22>Coming back to California from a visit to New York was not as hard as in years past.  I used to think, do I really belong on the Left Side, can I stand all of the cultural stuff that comes with living in the Bay Area? Ha Ha, it's so hard to take, right?  Meals like a dinner at Bellancio erase all the doubt in my mind. The freshness of the foods, the mellow atmosphere, the reasonably priced but kick-ass wine list.....we've got it goin' ON!  Like this:Enter awesome dining companion and Monday night.  We're not too sure what to have, but I'm leaning towards something close to my house, maybe give Marzano a try?  Well, Marzano was packed to the gills with a 20 minute wait, and I thought the treatment to simply secure a spot on the wait list wasn't all that nice.  So as we were pretty hungry at this point, we walked up a few storefronts to Bellancio- and what a cordial, pleasant atmosphere awaited us.  Very cozy neighborhood feeling spot. Yes, they had a wait too, but it quickly went from a 20 min. to a 10 minute wait as we hemmed and hawed about weather to stay at Bellancio or go back to Marzano.  I'm glad we stayed here!  I liked the family atmosphere, first of all- and seriously, it is a family atmosphere, because there were small children running around, well behaved, but I think they are the owners children? There were also a couple of tables with little ones, which was cute, and then cuter when they started to leave as my date and I started to settle into the place and enjoy our wine. We ordered beet salad, some Calamari which was right-on delicious, shared the gnocchi; it had Rabbit in it (?) and then got 2 entrees. I got a wonderful cut of beef, the delicious cut of which type I am now struggling to recall, other than that it came with delicious polenta and roasted veggies.  Since I was sort of full after the appetizer and salad, and wine, the leftovers I took home were frikkin' incredible when I heated them up in a pan with some ragu I had, it was seriously so delicious again a day later, Okay, that's what I would call value. My dining companion got the Roasted Duck, and, here's the thing, he's more of a food snob than me, so I was really happy when he was very pleased with his Duck- we talked about this meal recently and what stood out for him was that not only did they serve the duck breast, but the leg as well, which is less common. Generous. I had a few bites, and part of it was too rare for me, but again, I'm happy he was happy. Let me end with my compliments to the service- from the time we walked in and the host gave us a time estimate and gave us menus so we could have a glass of wine while we waited, throughout the whole meal the waiter, and guy busing the table/pouring water was just always there at the right time, left us never having to flag anyone down or take away from the conversation.  Professional! It was wonderful, I had one of the nicest meals here in recent memory, and they have a new loyal diner in me, especially with the pre-fixe menu they offer. I will be back with some friends who live in the area and their little one, to treat them to some fine, but casual in that wonderful California way, dining.
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2009,1/26/2010,2016,1122,15,18,20>just got 2 large pints of the bbq sauce to take home so i have it when i needed it. i can tell you it lasted just more than a day as i used it when i made bbq brisket and steak fries. this sauce made the meal for sure and if i didn't have it it would just be another boring meal. it's so great to know you can just stop in and get some sauce to go so you have it for your favorite bbq. some people come in for the great food and service and others hoping to spot billy joe from green day but i come for the sauce. it's truly the best around.sauceyelp.com/biz_photos/1Vmv…i have my connectionsyelp.com/biz_photos/1Vmv…
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,1/25/2010,931,153,28,29,29>My friend Mike lives in Richmond and, consequently, in the decade I've been able to drive, we've taken many a rides down San Pablo Ave. In that time, many things have changed in my life and tastes--one of the changes being that I'm now a total whore for bars that would have frightened me when I was younger. Within the last 8 or 9 months, during one of these drives, I turned to Mike upon passing the Hotsy Totsy Club and said something along the lines of, "Obviously, we have to go there." He agreed to accompany me, and then we just never got around to it. Plus, when I looked on the bar's website, it looked all fancy and sexy, which isn't really what I had been anticipating.However, Sunday night provided us an ideal opportunity to check it out. Actually, the plan had been to go to Godspeed, but it was closed (BOOO!!!!!!!!!), so we headed back towards Richmond and decided to stop at the Hotsy Totsy, which was, thankfully, less fancysex than it had looked online, but definitely had a cool look. It's dark with green walls, a copper colored tin ceiling, and black upholstered bar stools and benches. The tables are covered with newsclip collages and the candle glasses on the bar are découpaged with newspaper.  There are paintings of scary, sad-faced, big-eyed children on the walls, and a couple nekkid lady paintings that would feel at home in the Casanova (booooobies!). I'm kind of a sucker for quirky artwork at bars. The back room of the bar is filled by a pool table and wrap around bench, and the tables in the front provide ample seating, although there weren't many patrons when we walked in. Or when we walked out, actually. But 8pm on a Sunday is, perhaps, not the busiest time for a bar. The bartender was friendly and attentive, offering to refill my PBR (sadly, the only draft beer option, but only $3) often, and making smalltalk with Mike and I, asking us if we were there for the ska, after overhearing us discussing old school ska and reggae. Because apparently, Sundays are SKA NIGHT!!! Also dub, roots, dancehall and occasionally two-tone ska. That, in and of itself, is reason enough for me to return. Also, the fact that he noticed that I stole my friend's lime and provided one for my second beer without asking. That scores him points. Other things worth noting: cute patrons! Maybe some people don't go looking for boys to creepily ogle, but I do. And there were some cute guys in here. They have a monthly gay night. They also have pretty decent happy hour specials, which we missed, and a pretty exciting cocktail list, which I think I may have to check out next time I'm stop in for a drink...which I'll be doing soon.People were stingy with their smokes here, though. But that's for the best, really. Oh, and did I mention that there's a taco truck in their parking lot? Yeah. Cuz there is. At least sometimes. Not sure how often, but, either way, c'mon. It doesn't get much better than that.
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2009,1/24/2010,1429,411,28,30,28>There is a battle going on down on Telegraph in Berkeley. This battle is not new- it's been going on forever. It's seen storms, tornadoes, floods, campus walkouts- but still it continues. Through hell, fire and brimstone the fight will continue- but you have no choice, you can only choose ONE! So I ask you- WHO's SIDE ARE YOU ON? Fat Slice or Blondies? I choose FAT SLICE! I once fought for Blondies but I since defected- I grew older and wiser- I've moved over to the greasier, thicker, and unquestionably fatter slice. Unlike Blondies, there are no album records on the wall for decoration. There is no color coordination. Blondies tries to hard to look nice while Fat Slice says "Screw that." Fat Slice is white walls and graffiti marks, a few concert posters picked up at a yard sale, eye burning neon signs and a huge menu. Fat Slice is the slice you want. For the thousands upon thousands of college kids who frequent Fat Slice-  they'll all tell you- Fat Slice is a thing of beauty. If you've never been to Fat Slice, you're missing out on a good time. I beg you to try Fat Slice- and then go home with heartburn.
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2009,1/23/2010,80,175,32,32,35>Being contrary in nature, I look at all the 5-star reviews for Coach Sushi and I just want to 1-star the place.I mean, how can this unassuming little spot have what's gotta be one of the best collection of reviews on Yelp?  Three of my favorite reviewers (Michelle S, Tsada K, and Mike Z) have 5-star reviews up for coach, so of what value is my stupid, redundant review?  Why not throw a fly in the ointment and put up a 1-star review... just for the fuck of it, you know... "be different?"Because that would be an injustice to Coach.Because Coach Sushi is more than a great sushi joint--and by great I mean *GREAT*, fantastic fish, perfect rice (and I just went to Japan in April, I've had me some perfect fucking short grain sticky, believe you me), solid and attentive service--Coach is also quite possibly the most homey and friendly restaurant I've ever eaten in.  I've never felt so welcome in a restaurant.On the one hand, it's a goddamn tragedy that "friendly" is so rarely an appellation one can apply to an eatery.  "Goddamn rude and unfriendly" are the usual descriptors.  On the other hand, maybe those other fuckers will look at the pages and pages of positive reviews for Coach and take a fucking hint.Masu sake--a ridiculous good time.  Where else does your drink get refilled when you've already paid the check?  And the first time ceremony?  Shit, I'm saving that for the next time I have a third date!  I mean, if I ever have a third date again, I... I... OH GOD!  THE LONELINESS OVERWHELMS--Uh, anyway.  Love Coach Sushi.  Guess I could've just said that and saved the throbbing in my carpal tunnels for some other time, but Coach sushi is worth waxing on about.  Martin W... out.
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2009,1/22/2010,261,512,18,17,18>Becketts is easily my favorite Berkeley bar due to trivia Tuesdays, live music on Thursdays and a nice menu selection. The interior is very spacious with dark wood interior, an upstairs seating area/bar and outdoor patio on the 2nd floor. Two nights ago, they entire place was full of garland for Christmas, adding a little extra homey feeling around the portraits that decorate the entire bar.I came on Tuesday for one of the most difficult trivia nights they've ever had. Curse my lack of pop culture knowledge! But I never go to trivia night with any intention of winning. I go with the intention of having a few drinks with some good friends while using quiz questions to spark conversation. Granted there are way too many random current events and the "Arts and Lit" round had only 1 literature question out of 7...Announcer: "Which Irish author..."Me: "James Joyce. James Joyce"Announcer: "...wrote the satirical piece..."Me: "...not James Joyce..."A pint of Smithwicks, a pint of Mirror Pond (on special for $3 on quiz nights), a pint of Magners... and the evening progresses in a fantastic way. But they also have a full bar and can make a damn good acai lemon drop (one of their specialty cocktails). And when your stomach needs something to soak up your excess beer, they have amazingly large helpings of quite tasty food (the calamari is excellent, the chicken wings are only okay, and you can never go wrong with cheesy chips)Fabulous for when you're feeling classy or when you're not. +1 because their pub quiz starts at 10pm instead of 8 like most places (because if I stumble out of a bar drunk at 12:30, I don't feel as bad as stumbling out drunk at 10pm...)
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2009,1/21/2010,1205,283,14,23,15>Yes the ice cream is amazingyes its authenticand yes they have traditional flavors you find in MexicoNow to my favorite!!!Raspados (Mexican Snow Cone)Tons of fruit flavors including horchata, tamarindo, guava, and real lime mmmmmmmmmm.My favorite flavor "Diablito" this is the best one being served in the bay area.  The ice gets shaved right in front of you than you can get it with mango puree with plenty of pulp or the tamarindo puree.  I always pick the mango, they add chamoy sauce, chili powder, and splash plenty of fresh lime juice.  If you like mango's with chili powder and lime you will love this.
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2009,1/20/2010,424,1322,17,27,27>Every time I come here, I am more and more pleased and impressed with this place. Today, as I write this update, I am sipping on a well crafted Blue Bottle latte, nibbling on a perfectly succulent apricot ginger scone and using free Wi-Fi.Yes, it is pricy, but I will happily pay for a friendly atmosphere, great food and a comfortable seat any day. This has become my favorite morning hangout and favorite place to do homework.
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2009,1/19/2010,300,251,37,25,28>Ever since my pregnancy sickness (whoever named it "morning sickness" was definitely a man who only saw pregnant women in the morning) subsided, I have been really into spicy, tangy things that are fried. HELLO, buffalo wings! The buffalo wing sauce here is really the best buffalo wing sauce I've ever tasted. There are other sauce flavors, but I haven't tried them. I've heard the BBQ one is good.The staff at this Wing Stop are friendly, and for 5 or 6 bucks, my husband and I can share a combo meal of five chicken strips with wing sauce on them, a dipping sauce, fries (or other side), and a drink. I want to eat this every day, but I also don't want to gain 60lbs of pregnancy weight and be an extra large mommy or have to push out a  10lb baby.I am having a boy, and he likes Wing Stop. If he were a Yelper he would go around Yelping all the Wing Stops that are popping up everywhere, but he can't Yelp because he has yet to learn to read, type, or coherent thoughts about food. I, however, have only tried this location.One more thing! It is open until 12. Last night I asked my husband if we could go there. It was 11pm. He said, "No". I said, "WHY NOT???" He said, "Because for dinner you ate a giant plate of couscous, tofu, and broccoli, then you ate three toaster waffles with butter and syrup, and then you ate some of my cheesecake, and right now you are eating a bowl of cereal w/ an entire banana in it." I didn't really see his point, but oh well.
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2009,1/18/2010,587,806,16,19,21>Well from my last visit here and by the taste of my thick, juicy, tasty succulent hot dog I had, I would have to say so far this place rocks in my book.Its been years since I have been to this little whole in the wall  joint, so being me and my bff were in the area and screaming craving a hot dog, we headed right on over. While sitting at this little joint (dated back to god knows when) conversating with my friend, I found my self reminiscing of the good old high school days of hanging out at To-Dos Santos park -chillen at coffee shops, acting cool,stayen out a trouble- all when we should have been somewhere studying. After a few minutes of pondering over the menu, I finally settled on the Palace hot dog- with mustard and onions only...yeah, I know but I love it. My friend ordered some spicy one that she said was off the hook.I usually don't eat hot dogs and when I do- I don't eat the bun because most of the time...well, they just aren't that great. However, this bun is different and well worth the extra carbs -it was fluffy yet chewy ,with the right amount of sesame seeds... Yum!! All accompanied by my refreshing iced Diet Coke. I have not tried much of there other items however, with the look of satisfaction on peoples faces along with my own, I would have to say next time I'm craving a hot dog, I'm making my way over here.
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2009,1/17/2010,1020,575,18,24,17>I subconsciously avoided this place for so long only because of their name. Really, what business would herald themselves as the king of smoothies especially during a time when smoothies have been culturally replaced with fro-yo, its low fat frosty frozen counterpart?After one of my gym friends suggested this place for post-workout replenishment and finally trying one of their smoothies, I completely regret not trying this place sooner!Smoothie King is the anti Jamba Juice -- they do smoothies with a purpose. Wanna stay healthy? They have smoothies for that. Staying slim? Building/bulking up? Need a shot of energy? Or maybe a little mini smoothie for a snack? Or maybe you want to indulge a little? They have smoothies for every mood and occasion...the possibilities are endless! It seriously puts Jamba Juice's board of choices to shame. They even have a menu that says, "If you like this Jamba Juice drink, you like our (fill in the blank)." Some unique flavors I haven't seen anywhere else:Kiwi Island Treatsmoothies with Yerba MatePomegranate PunchPassion Passport (with passion fruit)Acai AdventureNot to mention an endless number of boosts or "enhancers" like bone and joint health, fiber, and antioxidant. If you look at their website, you'll feel somewhat overwhelmed by the possibilities, but if you're so used to Jamba Juice and their options, seeing so many options at SK is a refreshing change. They also sell supplements -- ones that you would find at a GNC. The first smoothie I had was a small Acai Adventure, which was sweet, but not too sweet. Not to mention creamy and smooth. The acai was definitely present but not overpowering. Their small drinks are very very generous. You can also ask for a skinny option for all their smoothies which cuts the Turbinado (the raw sugar they use to sweeten) and honey in half. I'm sorry Jamba, I think you've finally met your match. Smoothie King is king of the smoothie castle while you, Jamba Juice, are merely a jester!
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2009,1/16/2010,533,570,13,17,14>This is a busy small Kiosk in the middle of the mall just right outside of JC Penny. Adam knows his stuff and I always take my watches there for repair or mostly a battery replacement. Yes the places have gone up but that's life. I recently took a Bulova Watch for repair and the battery kept draining. He replaced the circuit board and did it on the spot taking the watch apart and putting it back together again!! Reminds me of when I used to do that to my bicycle but when I put it back together again I always had left over bolts and nuts. No wonder why the tire would fall off when I would take it for a test ride.. If you are in the area take it to Adam. I really don't like this mall at all but he is one good repair man when it comes to watches.
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2009,1/15/2010,378,165,38,44,41>Hey Yelpers, There's a new kid on the block. Phat Matt's BBQ has a brick and mortar place now . They were at the Grand Lake farmers market. They just opened this new place, and let me tell you, they ARE good. When you walk in, your greeted by friendly staff. There isn't any of the attitudes you get from most BBQ places. The ribs are fall of the bone fabulous. I got the Plate. It is served with potato salad, beans and bread. $12.00 They have 2 choices of BBQ sauce. Mild or Hot. Mild was to mild for me, and the hot was to hot. So the next time. I'll mix them. The potato salad has a fresh clean taste to it. Chunky not mashed. Very much like home made. (Although not by them.) The corn bread ( I ordered separately just to try it) ) is a generous serving of buttery love. Wish it had been warm. But it was still great. No beer and wine yet. But they are working on that. Street parking can be a difficult. But they have a parking lot just across from Neldam's bakery . Oh yea, did I forget to mention they are located next door to Neldam's. Good luck with that. Their card reads " So good it'll make you want to slap yo momma!It is that good, but don't do it, it's just not right.
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,1/14/2010,307,317,112,78,67>A few years ago, after sleeping on the same mattress I bought in college, we decided a new one made sense. First of all, it was a double.  That's fine for newlyweds, but sometimes you just want a little more personal space after 3 kids, 900 tubes of toothpaste, 3,000 rolls of toilet paper and 4 restraining orders.  Also, the damn thing had developed a major sag in the middle.  If we're going to spoon, it should be voluntary, right? If there's any shopping experience worse than buying a car, it has to be buying a mattress.  Mattress salesmen are to car salesmen as BART cops are to real cops. And to make matters worse, they give themselves laughable names like Certified Sleep Consultant.  Uh huh. Right.So, here's a fun game which I totally stole from someone else: Go to your local discount mattress showroom and find a Certified Sleep Consultant.  Say to him, "Hi friend, what's on sale?"  And then, immediately afterwards, clap your hands over your head and shout, in unison with him, "EVERYTHING'S on sale!!!"  It will be hilarious.Then get the hell out of there and head over to European Sleepworks.The sales people are incredibly helpful and not at all pushy. They will explain everything you need to know, but I suggest checking out their website first. They make all their own beds, and only from natural, breathable materials. These beds aren't super cheap, but you won't spend more on one of them than on a mid-high end brand at one of the huge mattress stores. We bought the Nordic II in extra firm and love it.  Five years later, I still get in it and think, "damn I love this bed." The biggest trick is deciding which level of firmness you want. The overall firmness can be adjusted even after the purchase by moving slats in the box spring. But it's better to just get it right when you buy it.  Try out a bunch of different mattresses. Much like dating, you're wise to spend at least 15 minutes on top before making a decision.
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2009,1/13/2010,723,405,38,29,33>3 Stars for the actual shock value4 Stars because Ligaya said she'd die laughing if it was true...2 Stars for the erratic schedule Ricky keeps5 Stars for being a dive ink joint in AlamedaCaveman is... well, exactly that.  He is color blind and does not like to wear Big Boy Clothes, even though he was a male model *BLUE STEEL*!  I still give him shit about that.Caveman is also 1/2 Austrian and 1/2 Choctaw Indian, so he's batting 1000 to wear his heritage on his skin.  Right after the one of the Elite Events we attended together, he swiped my Kim D. ID tag... and SURPRISED me with an absolutely insane new tat - my signature from the Elite Event in his "mankini" region.  After the initial shock, I had to ask, "Is it REAL?  That's not written with a SHARPIE?  Why would you ink my name there?!?!?!"I could wrap my head around "If found, please return to Kim D."  But nope; it's just my Yelp Moniker.  He was totally sincere and replied, "I wanted to show how much I love you."  I heard:  "I wanted to demonstrate how clearly insane I am."I know my own name...  Sometimes love makes you to impulsive and crazy things.  No question: the freak flag is flying high.12/18/09 -  I forgot to mention that this is also where Caveman got his wedding ring inked on, after he lost the first one.  He was 230, 6'4"  when I met him... very football + Brazilian Jiu Jitsu body.  He runs more now, doesn't lift as much, and is probably around  205 lbs. I kept warning him that he was going to lose his ring.  And I was right.  Our rings are black titanium... nothing expensive at all - it was the sentimental value that made me want to shoot him in the kneecap when he admitted he'd lost it.  So his solution: ink on the ring... and buy another one that fits. *sigh*  Another trip to Ricky's...
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2009,1/12/2010,463,976,14,15,15>I've had this spot bookmarked since moving to the EB.  Finally I made it with another fellow Yelper, Kari S.  We both got different sandwiches so that we could share.  She got the Italian combo while I got the #4 recommended by Chelsea P. which is prosciutto, mozzarella, basil, tomatoes, basalmic vinegar, and olive oil.  Both sandwiches were both tasty but I preferred the #4 simple and flavorful.  The only problem is that the prosciutto got stuck in between my teeth as did the red onions in the Italian combo.  I would definitely get the #4 again.My advice....bring some floss.
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2009,1/11/2010,389,574,12,20,21>This tiny cafe has been hiding out right practically behind Latte Da...but thanks to Eric B and previous yelpers...I hunted it down.  Great little "down home" breakfast spot.  The type of small town diner where locals congregate for super friendly service and downright decent food at good prices.  I had eggs benedict, served with hash browns and couldn't come close to finishing it all.  Kiddo had 3 pancakes and 2 pieces of bacon (sans the egg that comes with) plus a hot chocolate all piled high with whipped cream and cinnamon sprinkled on top.  $20 including tip.
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2009,1/10/2010,506,510,9,11,11>The Brazilian room is similar to being in Yosemite without Half Dome, but it is set in Tilden Park in the Berkeley Hills.The pavillion is set in a meadow surrounding by big trees. Imagine this setting.... a slate patio lined with white chairs, a warm day with the bride in white and the groom in a black suit under full sun. Kinda warm but still a beautiful setting.The main room has ample room for 100 to 125 occupants. Room for a dinner buffet and dancing. The main room is set with rich dark woods with a big fireplace. Ample parking space, driving to the location can be kinda tricky and since this was an evening wedding leaving in the dark was even more trickier.Great place to hold a wedding or banquet.
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2009,1/8/2010,564,188,16,24,20>I don't wanna go into detail about it, but somehow on Halloween, one of my friends ended up with a completely shattered front window.  We removed the frame and took it to McMullen as soon as they opened the next morning at 8:30, where a kind lady with big, feathered, heavily hairsprayed hair from straight out of a late 80's/early 90's yearbook, who knows her glass, mind you, took some measurements, quoted us a price and told us that it'd be ready later that evening.We ended up going to the Alley Cafe down the street for brunch and towards the end of the meal at around 10'ish, we got a call back from McMullen's informing us that the glass was replaced and ready for pick up.....Whoa!Two hours from the start of the day and $79.95 later, my friend's house became slightly safer and more aesthetically pleasing again.If I ever need any glass installation or end up with a broken window (god forbid), I'm definitely hitting up McMullen's for awesome, speedy service at a reasonable price!
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2009,1/7/2010,563,337,17,19,20>Holy smokes, I bought 2 dinner plates on my way home, and the bag weighed like 10 pounds.The ribs were bigger than my freakin dog!!!  All I can think was Holy $%*@!!!I arrived in their newly open location around 6pm and all they had were pork ribs and beef links left.  He stated that they went through 60 pounds of chicken today.  Dang Gina... Seriously?!The prices are hella cheap!  Much cheaper than the other bbq places in the bay area.  $5.00 lunch special gets you 3 ribs and a side.  3 ribs doesn't sound like much but when each rib is the size of your forearm, it's pretty filling.  I bought the $10 dinner plate with 6 ribs and a side and could only finish 3 ribs in one sitting.  These ribs were HUGE, FAT, and MEATY!  Seriously, the biggest ribs I have ever seen!The potato salad and macaroni salad had a heavy and potent pickle taste to it.  He adds fresh dill in abundance to the side dishes so if you like pickles, you will love the sides.  Otherwise, ehh...  I, personally am not a big pickle fan.
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2009,1/6/2010,88,86,11,12,14>Jason C. is a bowling shark! He told me he bowls a 160... I bowl a 160: he actually bowls a 180 and kicked my ass... AFTER he got me to agree that the loser had to dance for the winner... (ahem) he made that bet when I was 20 points ahead. Then he kicked my ass at a video game. Then we left and I got a ticket for making an illegal u-turn in a business district. flickr.com/photos/jrober… Then he kicked my ass at pool. What was good about this night? Oh yeah! The bloody Mary was good, and Jason C paid for it. (Cheers to Jason) Also, the lovely Debbie L. is always a pleasure to watch gliding across the bowling alley, heads turning everywhere she goes. yelp.com/user_photos?use… Even the lunch bucket joes who refused to take turns and kept barging into my peripheral vision when I was trying to focus, yes; even Fred and Barney, checked out Debbie L. Debbie, on the other hand, accused me of checking out Jason C's ass! Well, I wasn't checking out his ass... I was... taking a picture of my bloody mary! See? flickr.com/photos/jrober… Albany Bowl is definitely a good time, but be warned, if a little Asian guy with buns of steel challenges you to a game; be afraid.
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2009,1/5/2010,704,190,23,25,22>The last time I was there, Kenny G's rendition of the classic "Winter Wonderland" was played on repeat. The entire time.One song. For over one hour.It was what I imagined someone's hell would be like. For me personally, it was more like purgatory - surrounded by the Korean waitresses and Korean patrons and Korean smells on one end, while watching a foot-long animatronic Santa jerkily move to and fro in the middle of a miniature winter village scene with a lit up Soju bottle serving as a lighthouse (?) on the other end, I was completely confused and didn't know whether to go left, right, up, down, or just spin round and round.Whether you're a group of 3 or 13, Casserole House is a sure bet. The seafood casserole is TO. DIE. FOR. It's chockfull of seafood - like squid and shrimp and fish and mussels and even half crabs! Seriously. The broth is rich and fishy and the flavor explosion in your mouth is pretty much one you will not forget.The beef casserole, on the other hand, was not that great. It tasted like they basically took their sweet beef bulgogi, marinade and all, and let it simmer with more water and added some vegetable to turn it into the stew-like casserole. You'd have a better time just ordering a BBQ plate of beef instead.The BBQ plates (of chicken, kal bi, pork, etc.) themselves may look small when they first come out, but those iron plates on a safety wooden tray are NO JOKE. They will fill you up and fill you up fast.The Pa Jun (Korean Pancakes) are not the best I've ever had. They were a little mealy, although filled with a lot of ingredients and not just the pancake dough itself. I would skip these anyway.The Chicken Katsu, surprisingly, was delicious. It was fried just so, and the breading they used was seasoned to perfection! I was surprised - never thought about getting Katsu at a Korean place!The Korean Waitresses are a little harried, but extremely nice, especially when Koryo is right across the street and that place is legendary for its evil waitresses. They are a bit harried though, and can forget that you ordered more water or tea, so just give them a reminder or eye contact when you see them again!USEFUL INFO: One entrée dish will be more than enough for 2 people, especially when you include all the ban chan (free small plates appetizers) that comes with it. If you go with any number of people and order the same number of dishes as people, you WILL overeat and be uncomfortably full. Trust.
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2009,1/4/2010,113,97,16,18,17>I can never find pants that fit my ass. Nevaar. I will go on hours of shopping trips and come hom empty handed. Or settle for Old Navy and have the cheap jeans stretch on me and become baggy. This has always been a problem for me.I remembered Slash from high school and decided to take a trip to Berkeley. I walked into the jeans basement and was greeted by the jeans lady. "I need jeans that fit my big ass and little waist. They have to be dark denim. I don't want them to stretch or show my ass crack when I bend over. I'd like them to have a slight flare"In less than a minute she had five pair in her hand. I went behind the curtain to try them on. Every. Pair. Fit. Perfectly. I got two pair of vintage levis and a CUTE tank top for $90. And she saved me hours of pointless shopping. They have men's and women's, new and vintage. There's high end jeans as well.I will never buy jeans any where else. EVAAARR. Too bad I can't give them more stars.
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2009,1/3/2010,197,86,14,14,12>Oh wow! Errrrrr sajhfao and it was awesome you  know? This place was straight out of a movie!! You can't make this type of stuff up at all!First off it looks like you are headed somewhere then your on a windy road that takes you out to WTF. Yes there is light at the tunnel of this road, a town appears, and the night begins! There is a huge 9-10ft polar bear with a seal that has no head at its feet! All night long great music comes from the walls with the mixture of pool balls breaking, drunken laughter, and random slurs!This place has excellent beers from around the world so if you order domestic beer you might get shot! This place makes for the perfect equation ( Beer + random shit + interesting neighbor dwellers + whore house hotel= Awesome night with kings, and waking up drunk!Make sure to go to this place and catch the multiple trains that pass by!PS:  Parties that being with Y and end in P go to them. I love all my yelper family that I met last night! We partied just like my shirt! "Rock Band"
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,1/2/2010,338,1028,14,16,16>My fabulous friend Jamie just moved home from London and we joined her at McNally's to celebrate her return. (Yes, we celebrated her return to the United States from England at an Irish Pub.  What.)We parked less than half a block away in a metered lot that is free after 8 pm.  There is also another parking lot just past the bar (on the right if you are driving away from the freeway).The bar wasn't very busy at 9 pm and we found our friends in the back room.  Although a bit chilly because of a open doorway leading outside, it was the perfect spot for our group of friends to spend an evening chatting and laughing and enjoying adult beverages.  There is a large table in the back and we were able to gather around and have a good time.  Jamie gets five stars for moving back home and McNally's gets a solid four for being a nice spot to meet up with friends.
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2009,1/1/2010,107,131,10,12,11>If I hadn't been too lazy to write a review on Barney's a couple months ago, I would have given it 3-4 stars. The blackened turkey burger is good, but ti can't hang with the ones a few blocks away at Christopher's. The curly fries are really good, but I can't say I've had too many bad orders of curly fries. And these items are all on the spendy side.HOWEVER - I recently stepped out of my comfort zone of blackened turkey burgers and am now a certified fan of this joint. I even framed the certificate, but I ended up stacking it against the wall with the certificates from Christopher's, Aroma and Coach.Go there and order this:Blackened chicken salad - This salad is HUGE. It's much more than a normal person can eat by his-or-herself. But I'm not normal, so I can take it down. I can barely walk afterwards, though. In these tough economic times, I recommend splitting it with your lunch partner. It's still filling, but leaves just enough room for...Fries - What kind of fries do you like? No matter what your answer, Barney's has a top-notch option for your ass. I like to go curly, but still do serious work on thin or steak fries. Just grab one of the many bottles of Tabasco and you have fries rivaling the best out there.The seating and service is also nice, and I have always been blessed with the miracle of finding parking within spitting distance. Looks like Barney's and I were meant to be.
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2009,12/31/2009,294,247,22,27,29>Being older than the hills (or at least the houses on the hills) I remember when this Fat Apple's was the Louis Store. Hildegard (the originator and current owner) really put our little hillside on the map when she took the empty storefront and transformed it into her second (and final) Fat Apple's hangout.We thank her. Our property values thank her.Speaking of thank yous, today is Thanksgiving. We began our day with our long standing family tradition...picking up the pie at Fat Apples and having a *free* cup of coffee. (The store is closed for the day, but those who order pie are invited in.)So...the Guy and I walked down the road, got our two pies, saw our favorite wait-folk and walked back up to the house to await our guests. Diestel turkey is in the oven even as I write.Our pies this year are: pumpkin and Harvest pie. Both will be treasured...pumpkin pie is scarce this year and Harvest pie (with its cranberries) is the main draw for my Kawasaki-riding son, who should be pulling up shortly. Fat Apples pies are outrageously delicious!So...thank you Hildegard, for once again giving us a fine Thanksgiving outing. Thank you Diestel family (Sonora, CA.) for providing up with yet another unadulterated, real, organic turkey. And thank you Mr. Magarian (El Cerrito High School circa 1960) for giving me the scarlet runner beans as a science project...scarlet runner beans will once again grace our dining table as they have done since that first year. Oh, and thank you Yelpers, for letting me share my reviews with you for yet another year!
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2009,12/30/2009,86,153,12,11,10>The holy grail of east bay rotisserie chickens!! It's succulent, well-spiced, well priced (1/2 chicken serves just about two people or one heffa (yeah, that was me)), and not overly greasy like my former fave bird at Magnani's. And what's this about a hookah night? Count me in! Oooh, and if there's a rotisserie chicken flavor I will smoke that shizzle like whoa. Get. On. It.
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2009,12/29/2009,833,1145,9,15,11>The burgers are made with quality meat and cooked to the right temperature, not dry at all. The tomato slices are big as the other fillings. The fried onion burger came with a mountain of fried onion strips. My side of curly fries was huge and retained lots of potato flavor despite being fried even though it was not spicy. It came with a runny ranch dressing. They also carry some of my favorite bottled beers like Fat Tire and Blue Moon. Other than that, drinks only get as exciting as mango ice tea. Still, Flame will guarantee an afternoon food coma.The place is kid friendly and they even have crayons on hand. Hanging on the walls, you'll find photos of burgers and condiments, even photos of flames. The wall is lined with hot sauces and other bottled condiments, which makes me wonder what they will do one day if they ever close down. I am glad to know that they do not refill their old fashioned Heinz ketchup bottles with Kirkland ketchup.It is about time Barney's met its rival.
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2009,12/28/2009,1211,478,28,35,36>During high school, running a mile was difficult.Hiking up Mission Peak used to be virtually impossible.Then I discovered Perfect Balance and everything changed.I can now run up to 3 miles on a daily basis and Mission Peak is something I can achieve on a weekly basis.I'm now in the best shape of my life.I owe Perfect Balance so much, there is no excuse for not being in shape, so please invest time and effort into your body because you only have one.  And have you seen my trainer?!yelp.com/biz_photos/BH2I…A personal trainer can get pricey, but Perfect Balance is so affordable and the results are priceless to me.Live your life, healthy!
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2009,12/27/2009,281,619,16,17,15>I understand that I might lose a few friends with this admission.  Please don't be alarmed, scared, or traumatized by what I'm about to tell you . . . After I found a short, little hair in my chocolate soufflé, I proceeded to eat the rest of it without stopping (I did pause for a moment to contemplate the hair and realize it wasn't mine).  My most wonderful and entirely supportive dining companion chimed in that surely the soufflé is cooked at a high enough heat to kill any hair follicle associated germs?  It wasn't the absolutely best soufflé I'd ever had, but it did everything a chocolate soufflé was supposed to and I let it.$5 happy hour cocktails!  The margarita was adult style - non-frivolous and mature.  My orange blossom was lightly fruity enough without being too sweet (is there alcohol in this?).  $25 prix-fixe 3-course dinner menu ($20 before 6:30 pm)!  The pumpkin soup was hearty and almost dessert like in its sweetness.  The mixed greens salad with olives was a nice starter.  The grilled salmon (good-sized portion) with broccoli rabe (fresh - why only one stalk?) and potatoes (a bit more scalded than I normally like) in a green sauce was solid fare.  The crème brulee delicious, with its crunchy exterior and smooth sweet goodness undertneath.  All in all, a lovely neighborhood restaurant and meal.  Really, who among us hasn't debased themselves over food?
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2009,12/26/2009,251,652,15,15,15>I will definitely keep this in mind for my mythical wedding with my mythical fiancee, but for now, I'd like to comment that it's an excellent option for a fun, unique party dress.  They have vintage fashion from many different eras, including my favorite, the 60's (where a mod schoolteacher type can look downright hawt) and I purchased my favorite orange and yellow dress here for a mere $30.  The shop is small and hit-or-miss, but definitely worth periodic visits.
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2009,12/25/2009,883,311,11,14,12>Oh oh oh here we go.AAAAnd yes. Fenton's is a beautiful East Bay staple, and is a must for any East Bay Boy or Babe.There's a reason for the hype.It is delicious, open late, and has some of the best ice cream ever. On par with Ici, Fentons has got quality on lock.  The single scoop is really about two and a half, and the 'petite' scoop is really about one and a half. Prices are decent, but theyre's almost always a line.Fact is, hands down, Fentons is worth the trip and worth fighting over parking. :)))))
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2009,12/24/2009,373,248,21,28,25>Walking into Tamales Unicos makes me so damn happy.  It's a simple set up. . a converted basement apartment with just a counter to work on, a couple of giant reach-in refrigerators and a a couple of stoves with giant tamale steamers spewing forth steam and the delicious scent of steaming tamales.  OH MY MASA!!!They sell tamales and nothing but tamales.  Pork, chicken, beef, queso con rajas, vegetable (I don't think they are vegetarian because I think there's lard in them there babies) and sweet pineapple.  These are big, fat tamales. . .I can only eat one and I can usually throw down on the chow.  My favorite is the chile and cheese. . mostly because I love, love, love masa and these are all about the masa.  One of these with a dab of crema and some really spicy salsa tomatillo and it's pretty much all you would ever need to be happy.  Okay, maybe a cerveza or two on the side.  So, yeah.  No where to sit down and the thing is that while these reheat  nicely they are never as good as when they pluck them straight out of the steamers.  So here is what you do, kids. . . make a tamale picnic!  From home, grab a fork (they will give you a paper plate), a little container of crema, some salsa and a few napkins find a patch of grass somewhere and commence to eatin'.  Or you can rush home but unless you live close you will succumb to masa fever wherein the aroma of the hot tamales will overtake you and you'll have to pull over to the side of the road and go to town RIGHT THEN AND THERE.  Why not be prepared?They use the same red sauce on all three meat options so it can be somewhat redundant - I like to get a cheese one and meat one but I give up by the middle of the meat one. . I just can't eat two.  The masa is flavorful and fluffy.  These are the least greasy tamales I have had in a long time.  Mmmm.  Even just writing this review is making me so hungry!Go early to get the best selection.  Cash only.
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2009,12/23/2009,137,325,17,15,14>We had a blast in here on Saturday night!A beautiful bartender kept the drinks flowing there were a couple friendly folks sitting around the bar and the music was blaring - i love nickelback!I *think* this is a biker bar of sorts - i'm just not sure if its club specific.Its a great place to come unwind and wet your whistle!Extra star for the stripper pole, bitches!
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2009,12/22/2009,429,327,19,29,33>An accustomed taste rarely will concede, "This is the best."She won't say, "This is the finest surprising inventively simple yet makes you greedily want more Lemongrass Soda." "This is the tastiest Poached Egg in Onion Cream spiced with Candied Granola."  "These are the most sigh inducing clean Cardoons topped  with fresh Dungeness Crab in a ridiculously delicious savory Oyster Emulsion."  "This is the most simple yet heartbreakingly gratifying Kale Chowder with Fava Beans." "This is the moistest, perfectly salted best Chicken.  E  v  e  r." "This is the most sublime Apple Tart with the lightest flakiest Pastry shell and achingly ambrosial White Cheddar Ice Cream.""This is the most tasteopening interesting Absinthe Delight."  Or"This is the most precious adorable plating, part whimsy, part beauty, part insight."Because when she does, she knows you won't believe her.  You'll discount her recounting of that night at Commis.  You'll say, "But remember the White truffle, toasted oat milk, pink pepper, pear at Alinea?" "The slow cooked farm egg at Coi?" "Oysters and Pearls at the French Laundry?" OH, and "the butter at  Ubuntu?"  Remember???  And yet, her tastes can't help but resign, "Commis is the best meal I have eaten in 2009."
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,12/21/2009,252,388,8,19,17>My favorite form of exercise is swimming.  No stress on the joints, no interactions with trainers, no special equipment, it's just you and your thoughts gliding in the water. The problem is always finding a pool, especially an outdoor one.When the weather turned warm, I looked up lap swimming hours at RLCC. To my surprise, the pool stays open year around for lap swim. They keep the pool heated. Wow, I would have been going for months. Lap swim is $3 for adults and $2.50 for seniors and children. They are opened for many hours during the winter and spring but I'm sure they will scale that back when school is out and the youth swim team starts practice. But they do have two pools so that helps.  There are changing rooms and showers so easy to go before, during or after work.I went during lunch today and I feel SOOOO much better now.My mom made all the kids take swimming lessons for years but I've come to realize there are not many people my age who know the strokes. RLCC offers adult swim instruction too!If you have a need to swim outside (like I do) head to RLCC!
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2009,12/19/2009,380,441,22,25,27>i finally had my first Bakesale Betty experience, and was not dissapointed. when i saw the line, i have to admit, i was a little worried. we're, literally, talking about a line(out the door) that was about 1 block long. but, i was told that it would go pretty smoothly, and it did. i knew from the get-go that i was gonna order the fried chicken sandwich. aside from that, the only other "meal" item they had was an egg salad sandwich. the fried chicken sandwich was amazing and huge! basically, 4 breasts of chicken in one sandwich(double-stacked), with a non-mayo slaw. well worth the $8. and the "Franks red-hot sauce" was a perfect compliment to it.i saw a lot of people outside drinking the lemon ice, so i decided to try that as my beverage. it, too, was amazing. sweet & sour with perfect "slushiness". normally it's $3, but we got it for free because the guy forgot about it until we mentioned it. i also tried the coffee, and it was also very good. i shared the strawberry shortcake, for dessert, and it was also awesome. strawberry's(w/syrup), cake, and whip cream were a perfect combination. they also gave us a couple cookies for free. the molasses one was very good.if you come here, dont be scared about the line. you'll have your food within 10 minutes. they have gazillion workers. you basically order, pay, and take your food. i'd recommend taking it to-go, but they do have about a dozen or so ironing boards/stools(seriously) on the sidewalk to "dine in". great place...
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2009,12/18/2009,301,844,14,17,19>What a quirky little shop... If you're tired of Big Corporate Bookstore with its sterile organization and wage-slave employees, you might want to consider Wonderland. Just be forewarned: It's the kind of eclectic, dusty, disorganized bookstore you see in fantasy movies, the kind where it's a realistic possibility that you'll pick up some old book and opening it will transport you to a magical new world of trolls and wizards... and the owner will wink at you knowingly as you wink out of existence.That didn't quite happen to me, but I was enchanted by the wide array of books available. In one section I found nearly the entire Wizard of Oz series--the first 14 books by L. Frank Baum, and several more sequels by other authors. The next shelf over held civil engineering texts, and a few feet away were lurid old murder mysteries. Watch your step though, insufficient shelf space results in stacks of books on the floor, choking the aisles. Then again, it's usually only by tripping over something that the hero finds himself face to face with that magical book...TRIVIA: Baum's "The Wizard of Oz" was an allegory about the economics and politics of the United States during the 1890's. Its popularity led to the sequels, which were merely fantasy stories. And of course, Gregory Maguire's book and musical "Wicked" is a fun, new perspective on the original story.
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2009,12/17/2009,296,490,17,14,16>I score diner breakfasts based on three criteria:1.  Can the coffee bench press a compact car?2.  Do they have corned beef hash on the menu?3.  If I happen to have overindulged the night before, will breakfast here help quiet the beast?Wait, that second criteria has a corollary - is the hash edible?Albert's scores high in all criteria.  On top of that, it has a great storefront ambiance with the never-taken-down, half-dead Christmas lights, wobbly tables, dining counter and hand-written 'cash only' signs.  The waitresses seem to know everyone and have that pleasantly world-weary air that allows them to call you 'Hon' whether they've met you before or not (And they think it's cute if you happen to be holding hands with someone across the table).I'm pretty sure the hash comes out of a familiar red can, but it's definitely edible, the Peet's coffee can kick start anyone's morning and I know from experience that crawling into Albert's after a wild night will leave me feeling more human after the food hits.  Not that I have that many wild nights anymore.  Really.
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2009,12/16/2009,203,115,10,12,15>As I have crowned Theresa my hair magician at this joint...I would also like to crown Kim as my nail guru at My'Amour.  Kim is awesome.  She is so meticulous with her work, making sure every spot on your fingers and toes are cared for.  She keeps up great conversation during your visit, but also knows when you're in "the zone" and talking would bring you out of your zen.  During the pedi process, My Amour employees come and offer drinks, food, etc.  Yes I said it...Food.  My usual poison during my pedis: a brownie w/ a side of fresh fruit and a mimosa.  Sometimes two mimosas =)  They offer several different types of mani/pedis here.  Most sounding as if you could eat them (i.e Cookies & Cream Manicure, Chocolate Martini and Strawberry, etc.).  These special options come with a price, but their a fun experience.  You can also request for just a basic mani/pedi.  I believe I once paid for a basic mani/pedi here w/ french tips for $20ish.  Also FYI, no aclyric is done here...which is a plus for me bc there gets to be a point where that smell is way too much.  So if you are in the area and are looking for a great spot to be pampered at...check out My'Amour.
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2009,12/15/2009,212,286,12,16,14>So i just moved to the laurel district in east Oakland, and i wanted to check out my new neighborhood. I found this new fried chicken joint that just opened on the laurel strip. Louisiana famous fried chicken, they had a real big yellow banner on the outside saying that if your purchase is more then 9.99 you get a free 2 liter of soda. So i had to check it out. The place looks really good on the outside and the inside. Everything looked very new from the tables to the counter tops to all the interior design. The place looks like it used to be a cafe that roasted their own coffee. They still have the big coffee roaster in the middle of the dining area which looked really nice. They also still have a small section of the place as a cafe. Lets get to the fried chicken, i have to say i grew up on Kentucky style fried chicken aka KFC but this place makes some pretty good Louisiana style fried chicken. The batter is pretty crispy and has a real nice taste to it. The chicken itself was very moist even the breast. I came with my brother and my cousin and we ordered the 8 piece dinner pack which came with 2 large sides.($17) We got the mac n cheese and the dirty rice. I have to say the mac n cheese was ok but could use some work, same goes for the dirty rice it was pretty dry. But i would definitely come back for the chicken. The service was great, the girl that runs the show is very quick and she knows what shes doing. Greeted us with a big smile and was very helpful. The place looks like a family ran business and if they keep it up the place is going to be great. 4 Stars for Louisiana Famous Fried Chicken in Oakland
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2009,12/14/2009,182,354,16,15,17>Me & my gyrls took a random spontaeneous trip to Berkeley...said to each other "Ok we should just go get tatted today!!" So with that said, we got up got dressed & headed out to Telegraph Ave. To our surprise there was no long wait for a Saturday night. Walked in and we were greeted by every employee there, walked straight to the back to talk about our tat's. Bob helped us with our designs which we already had in mind. He told us that James only had one other person ahead of us & that he was sure that we would be able to get it done that day.Shortly after that James walked in & come to find out he had done the exact tat, LoL!! So of course it was no problem for him to do it.We only had to wait about an hour which wasn't really that long. So we decided to take a walk & kill time....came back & I was the first to get my tat, was really scared but James said it would only hurt a little bit!! I laid down and sure enough he started and finished it within 5 mins!! I almost took a nap!! static2.px.yelp.com/phot…James was so nice, & well he did a great job with all our tats.....pics to come soon!! If you are in the area and gettin a tat or piercing i suggest seeing James for your tat.....it will be well worth the wait!!I know me & my gyrls will be back there again!!
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2009,12/13/2009,231,1069,17,22,22>This place is quickly becoming one of my favorite restaurants with its gorgeous ambiance and décor, unparalleled service, and wonderful food. I had the pleasure of meeting Yelpers Maybelline C, her husband Marc, and Shannon F for a cozy dinner, and the experience underscores all the reasons why this place is among the best in the Bay. The intimate ambiance hasn't changed one bit as we were seated in a secluded area by the windows surrounded by a set of beautiful cultural artifacts. There, our padded squared wooden benches were roomy and just enough to give us the leg and elbow room for closeness and comfort. Thanks to my fellow Yelpers, we decided to order a bunch of deliciousness to share. Here are the highlights:Combination starter ($12.95): This combination platter came with chicken satay, crispy rolls, crab cakes, fried tofu, pickled cucumbers, and three types of dipping sauce. I had the opportunity to try the crispy roll that came with silver noodles, shitake mushrooms, celery and carrots. The texture was nice and crispy to complement plenty of silver noodles at its core. It was overall light and delicious and so was the fried tofu which came with a firm texture perfect for dipping.Pineapple curry with chicken ($10.95): This dish was served on a half pineapple shell bolstered with boneless white chicken meat, chunks of sweet pineapples, red curry, and coconut milk. Although there were plenty of pineapples, the taste was not too acidic but nicely balanced with coconut milk, savory curry, and light tender chicken pieces. Each ingredient did its part to give flavor with just enough curry to spare for our steamed rice. I usually try to avoid pineapple in my food but this dish was a pleasant discovery. Pad thai with shrimps (10.25): With a generous serving of noodles, sprouts, chopped peanuts and a few tiger prawns here and there, this pad thai was nicely constituted on the sweet side but slightly soggy. It wasn't the best pad thai I've tasted but still decent.Honey glazed crispy duck ($13.95): Wow, talking about sizable pieces of honey glazed duck with tantalizing crispy skin and plenty of lean tender meat to chew on. The dish also came with a side of steamed broccoli, baby corn and cabbage as they complemented perfectly with the duck. Definitely worth getting.Fried banana with ice cream ($5.95): Although we were already super full by this time, we were not about to walk away without getting dessert. This dish came with four ridiculously huge pieces of fried bananas to go with a generous scoop of dreamy coconut ice cream. Each bite was filled with palatable coconut bits to add to the crispy texture of the bananas. I thought the batter was a bit heavy, but the coconut ice cream was good enough to overcome its flaws. I was hooked.Fried ice cream ($4.95): This dessert looked like a big doughnut, slightly bigger than the size of a tennis ball, and is by far the best fried ice cream I've ever had. At the core is a super scoop of vanilla ice cream wrapped in a thin layer of sugary dough coded with brown sugar and fried to perfection. The ice cream itself was bursting with vanilla flavor and the golden layer of fried brown sugar with a light honey drizzle was the treat of the night. This dessert is beyond 5 stars worthy and a must try.Mango with sweet sticky rice ($5.95): Thick slices of deep yellow colored mango stacked on top of a layer of sticky rice infused with coconut milk. The sticky rice was nice and soft while the half mango added sweetness and texture. It was definitely delicious but I thought the sticky rice could come with less coconut milk to let the mango stand out. All together, I thought the meal was a constant merger of sweet and savory delight while I enjoyed the opportunity to get to know everyone at the dinner table. Service was outstanding as our servers were friendly and very attentive and accommodating. Thanks to Maybelline, Marc, and Shannon for the wonderful family-style dinner. Initially I thought Wuong Luang might be a bit far for such a meeting but this turns out to be the perfect place for a perfect dinner.
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2009,12/12/2009,412,187,26,21,23>For years, even my closest friends question my occupationI've been asked if I was:  - Foreign emissary/spy (No)  - New school Geisha (No, not anymore)  - The dank supplier for the Oakland high school I used to teach at (No, and that's fucked up guys)  - A high class escort for an elite mob (thanks Joshua, that was my favorite. But still.. no)  - International drug mule... er um, well......There's a little bit of truth to the later. I don't export drugs.. but rather lots and lots of shisha (water pipe tobacco). I visit my man in Canada A LOT and got all those kids strung out on the high grade shisha that they have here. The selection is HUGE, I mean huge. Every time I go there, Ray the chill ass owner, shows me the new stuff they have. Today I got hooked up with "Love" and some other flavors. In their arsenal you can also find Mint Chip, Blueberry Muffin (hella good), Mojito, Sex on the Beach, Cosmopolitan, White Peach, Orange Mint, Guava and more that I can't even remember plus all the staple flavors. Each tub is $5.49 or 4 for $20. Ray said that all the flavors are homemade which is pretty hard to come by these days. Aside from shisha, they have a mad selection of pipes (for that wacky tabacky) and hookahs.I bought a hookah here last year. I remember walking through the door, being automatically greeted with "Hey girl, we'll hook you up!" And they did... indeed. I got a large amber colored piece with beautiful etching, extra hoses and crazy accessories for an insane deal. I even looked and their prices were cheaper than the internet and you can actually come in and find a piece you fall in love with. The staff is real cool too. You can come in there and just chop it up with the guys while an eclectic soundtrack plays in the background. I was in there today and you could get 2 of the simpler/smaller hookahs for $70. ARE YOU SHITTING ME!?Note to all the undergrads: hosting a hookah party at your dorm will automatically make you look worldly and cause panties to drop.PS, you guys are messed... you know I'm a "social worker" ***
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2009,12/11/2009,543,699,19,19,19>Shabu Shabu at its finest! Uncle: We're going to Little Ship!Me: Ship? Uncle: No, "sheep".Me: Sheep like "naaaaaaahhahahaha"?It was our family friend Aki's oh say "30th birthday" so we brought her here with her family to celebrate on a early Sunday 5pm dinner. Perfect timing because we were the first one in the restaurants but when we were leaving, there were about 14 parties waiting for tables around 6:30pm. Here's the run down of what we got:1. sesame bread2. beef meat pie (highly recommended by other Yelpers) 3. lamb dumplings4. meat plate 5. vegetable plate6. fungus aka mushroom plate7. super hot and spicy beef tendon (delicious!) 8. tofu skin9. frozen tofu (delicious!) 10. noodles (firm and delicious! Cook this last) We got both the original and hot spicy broth, which were good contrast next to each other! Total was approximately $110 for a party of 6 adults and 2 kids. A bit expensive for what it is worth but definitely worth coming back to! I suggested that next time one can just buy the ingredients at the nearby Marina market and sneak some in via purse or manbag.
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2009,12/10/2009,133,165,14,27,18>Generally speaking, I'm not trying to chill in Richmond.  No offense, but y'all got some serious problems over there.  Now I know I am not one to judge, as a West Oakland dweller, but Richmond gives my hood a run for its money.So when the husband came home from his gazillion mile bike ride ranting about a beautiful park on the water and a restaurant that looked fantastic...in Richmond I surmised he must have tipped that bike a bit and hit his head pretty hard because there is no such place in Richmond.  Somehow he managed to coheres me and the crazy two year old in the car, I guess I decided to humor him a bit.  The journey there was quite a trip, see knowing a route on a bike is different than knowing it on the road.  Needless to say we ended up on Cutting Blvd and a few other less than desirable spots before getting on the right track.Eventually we found it....prettier than a flower in Brooklyn....The Boilerhouse.  In an old warehouse that once housed Ford Motors and more recently Bio-Rad...quite a location.  Just like he said, it was right on the water with views from every location.  Next door, a big vacant space with a huge movie screen used for community sports and award show viewings and occasionally rented out for Wedding receptions.  Down the trail a bit a park with picnic benches and huge grassy lawns and laughing children....all in Richmond.  So taken by the scenery we called my parents that happened to be in Albany and invited them to join us.The moment we walked in my two year old was seated in a highchair and handed crayons and paper.  Our server was sweet and accommodating, a bit frazzled as she was manning the entire room with some assistance from a hostess and a couple bussers.  The food was simple but good.  I ordered the Pasta Special, Puttanesca and it was fabulous.  Flavorful and spicy but not salty, exactly how I like it.  The accompanying garlic bread was over buttered and soggy, I would suggest a slice of warm Pugliese or Ciabatta instead.  Husband ordered the Eggs Benedict and practically cleaned his plate.  Dad picked the French Toast and mom had the Pancakes with berries and Mascarpone Cheese.  My two year old had a bit of everything, but seemed to favor my pasta mixed with Mom's pancakes...odd but he ate so I can't complain.When the server came to clear our table she started to say:  "Are you done with that..." but giggled a bit when she realized there was not a crumb on anyone's plate to finish.  In Richmond, we found our new go-to family restaurant.  Friendly service, good patrons, great atmosphere, beautiful views and simple delicious food.
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2009,12/9/2009,327,957,9,18,15>This place is great . I don't know what it is, but we are always going to San Ramon to eat....what's up Dublin??Hubby and I took a fun "cow" ride out Tassajara Canyon...beautiful fall day, just before the rain, lots of cows! We found it right across from the San Ramon Theater. It does not have a sign on the awning......just in the window. Small hole-in-the-wall...mom and pop place...literally!! Quick, friendly service...and the food was good. Hot and sour soup was both hot and sour...what a concept! We had crispy fish and shrimp...well cooked, sauce had some heat that balanced the sweet. Spring roll was tasty, and fried rice was not over salty. Best thing was we got out for $15 bucks with a nice tip...yay!We would most definitely go back.
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2008,12/8/2009,610,620,28,31,25>Ohhh noes...A winery nearly in walking distance to my work place?  That's not even the worst part.Their wine is good.  Really good.  At every stop on our wine tour after this place, we heard comments like "Oh, they're great!"  "Love Viano."  "They dry farm, which is incredible." "Great little family run winery."Adding insult to injury - they carry an Old Vine Zin.  Even though it's much easier on the wallet than the other panty dropping wines out there, it can easily hold it's own in quality & depth.On my first visit, I walked out of here with a couple of arm loads of wine. Including an irrisitably good 2005 Sand Rock Hill Zinfandel & a bottle of red wine vinegar. You want to hear the "I may need to inflict an amnesia inducing accident upon myself" part?  They have cases of wine for under $40.help
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2009,12/7/2009,523,699,36,27,33>Tell me if you've heard this one before:You follow up with a guy after what you think was a pretty good, albeit at times awkward, first date (although I believe first dates by their very nature are not going to be the smoothest of events), via a short but sweet "thank you" text, and he tells you back (also via text) that he doesn't see a LTR with you.  All after one date, where you did not kick any puppies or push over any old ladies.  This is followed by a further explanation that he thinks you're cool and wants to hang out with you.  Translation:  you're not good enough to date seriously, but you're okay enough to sleep with.  Apparently you're not lady on the street enough but will probably be a freak in the bed enough.  Or so he suspects, he never got a chance to see either.Fast forward a month or so, while you've been rebuffing his communications better than Bush rebuffs questions about WMD.  You realize that you could, in fact, just be friends as long as you make it plainly clear that the friends does not come with the benefits.  Unless you count witty conversation and endless humor as benefits.  After dinner, for some reason he wants to hang out with you more.  At a bar that isn't in your house.  You go to the Easy Lounge, despite recognizing that the name of the place hopefully won't seem indicative of what's to come later.A couple of decently priced Chocolate Alexanders for you (although you choke on the nutmeg once or twice), some bourbon on the rocks for him.  The conversation flows relatively well, you call him on his LTR gaffe (to which he says he doesn't know what he was thinking), and you have had, yet again, a pretty good "date," although you are not going to bother with the follow up again and will just assume that he thinks you're not good enough for the long haul.  Again.I first came to the Easy Lounge on Election night with some of my favorite Oaklanders (Oaklandites?  Oaklandese?), and although much more than the political landscape has changed, the Easy Lounge is a place that I feel comfortable enough to bring such a person.  The lighting is definitely good for the mood, the ladders on the ceiling are interesting, the quotes on the wall are fun to read but not necessarily understand, and the women's bathroom has these great shelves that either keep you from falling over whilst drunk or to put your purse on while you go tinkle.  The music was definitely something I'd come back for...but hold the nutmeg.  And the judgment calls, because down the line you'll realize what you are missing.
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2009,12/6/2009,1948,4780,22,30,30>Gayle and my son took me here last night for a belated and most appreciated birthday celebration. Maybe I should have been at a Seder on this first night of Pesach, but I'm still a bit miffed that "equity for all" in the Jewish community doesn't really extend to unique educational situations.  So as long as my kind and well-behaved son is not welcome at places like Congregation Netivot Shalom or Temple Beth Abraham, I'm not there either.  Instead, I was here last night with the 2 of the people that I love the most.I enjoy fine dining, but I'm fundamentally a burger and beer kind of guy. Gayle usually wants something a little more refined, along with a nice glass of wine. Sidebar offers both, with a nice wine and cocktail list and nice bistro/comfort food offerings at reasonable prices. Sidebar is a handsome space, with nice woods and copper accents. Upon arrival, we were greeted warmly and seated promptly at one of the tables to the right coming in. There's also a neat square bar in the middle (with seating) and more informal lounge area with bench seating and tables to the left. The space also features a semi-open kitchen. The noise level last night was also such that the 3 of us were able to enjoy our meal and have some very pleasant conversations. Actually, my teenage son trumped us both by ordering the deviled eggs (with crab stuffing) and the brined and grilled double cut pork chop. Gayle is probably right in saying that he has his mother's palate.Gayle opted for 2 appetizers (grilled asparagus and the roasted portobello mushroom panini) that were not only delicious, but more than enough to eat. She also very much enjoyed her Au Bon Climat Chardonnay. As for me, Sidebar's burger (with blue cheese) was the juiciest and most flavourful that I had had in a long while. The accompanying paprika frits and the complex and slow sipping Delirium Tremens (Ghent) beer accented that perfectly. And for the icing on the birthday cake, Gayle ordered (and my son got there before I did) a very tasty chocolate ice cream and Italian pastry desert (with candle). Both of us thought that the service was excellent and that they were available and not available at the right times. The staff "uniform" that featured a minimalist black shirt also fit in well with the decor and comfortable atmosphere of Sidebar. The only thing that puzzled me was their staffing. There just seemed to be more folks present (including a fair amount of standing around) than they needed for the business (busy, but not swamped) they were doing. Gayle and I will be back for maybe lunch, or dinner, or in-between. Maybe we'll come directly or or maybe we'll treat ourselves after a nice walk around Lake Merritt. Sidebar is definitely one reason to come back and hang out in this neighbourhood.
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2009,12/5/2009,237,521,15,18,17>Friday nights don't get better than this. My friend invited us to her dance ensembles presentation, "Why we Move." I envisioned a cold auditorium with folding chairs and craining my neck to see the show. I couldn't have been more wrong! With a setting that could rival any one of the major colleges, the Knox Center is spectacular and state of the art. There was ample parking across the street (the business that it belongs to closes at 5pm) and it was just a short walk to the facility. There was a small reception for an additional $5 while waiting for the doors to open. Once ushered into the theatre itself I was awed. It is beautiful. There are three levels to enter the theatre at, the seats are spacious and comfy and you can enjoy the performance from any vantage point. So when you are planning your entertainment, look at your local schools and colleges and support the young talent. You never know who you may be giving a start to. Look back at many of the celebrities who started in community college. Come out to the Knox Center and support your local arts. Let's encourage the Arts! PS. The show was brilliant!
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2009,12/4/2009,832,283,80,58,64>Every now and again, I wake in the middle of the night to find that my lover has gone, his pillow still warm, the air still heavy with his scent.For quite some time, I was worried.  Did he forsake me for another?Then one morning I realized, that's not lip gloss on his collar--it's glaze. Indeed, my enterprising lover had discovered that Colonial takes a fresh batch out of the oven every morning at 1AM.  Warm, soft, and delicious. Hey there, Sugar Lips.  Come give mama a kiss...and an apple fritter.
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2009,12/3/2009,792,96,26,30,34>White Collar*Sigh* (turns to other white collar person)....."Hey, lets do lunch". "Rudy's?" (says the other guy) "Sure man."Blue Collar"Dude!"(turns to friend) ]...."Lets go to Rudy's and get hammered.""Hell Yeah."He wore a white collared shirt, you could tell that the starch was fading, for the wrinkles on his sleeves were etching its patterns down to the cuff. He wore a tie that seemed too small, and had afternoon hair that hadn't been combed since the morning. He worked the average job with the average hours given. Breaks were never long and lunchtime became a mechanical process in which to methodically fill his belly. Yet, at the same time he often tried to convince himself that this wouldn't be the best part of his day, it just couldn't be the best part of his day, could it?Combat mac and cheese stained her mind and often controlled the vision path for the uneventful morning, the long insipid day. She wanted more from life, if only for a moment. Her dreary days of the occasional carne asada burrito or the leftover oven baked chicken and basil tofu left much to be desired. "Rudy come take me away" was a common call in the confines of their minds.The two oppositional groups were headed to an odyssey of proportionate legacy. It was a restaurant mistaken for an inscription, an eatery fulfilled by serving mankind. It was a first class grubbery, where beautiful-heathen grunge-heads and fiscally-false Wall Street execs can share space, if only for the moment. It earned its appeal from the boot stained swank that graced the tables. Often visited in daylight by the white-collar worker with a blue-collar budget. At night, dominated by punk rocker cool cats who ruled the world, if only for the moment. Every blue moon you can find the two intermingling with a carefree attitude. Every now and again when you walk through the door and slightly look to the left, upon the walls are photos of liberated Rudy goers, who escaped the bondage of the monotonous lunch break with all the fixins. Who dared to journey roads less traveled...if only for the moment.
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2009,12/1/2009,48,195,25,15,17>I had just left Chop Bar with my Yucatan Chicken sandwich to go, when I see Jerry Brown crossing the street towards World Ground, presumably for lunch. "Hey," I think to myself, "there's Jerry Brown off to get a sandwich. I wonder what type of sandwich Jerry Brown eats."I would have followed him into World Ground just to see what he was going to order, but (a) that would have been kinda weird, and (b) I was holding a frickin' Yucatan Chicken sandwich that demanded to be eaten quickly. The Yucatan Chicken is my current favorite East Bay sandwich, even beating Bakesale Betty's fried chicken, the Sierra Deli banh mi, and Brazil Fresh Squeeze Cafe's tri-tip, and it's best when hot, so getting down to eating it trumps the occasional ex-governor sandwich order recon mission.Back at work, nerd that I am, I tweet to the world that I just saw @JerryBrown2010 walking to get a sandwich. Minutes later the man himself responds - it turns out he had the pepper turkey sandwich at World Ground. Not bad, Jerry, but you were one Yucatan Chicken sandwich away from a locked-in vote. So the question remains, what type of sandwich does Gavin prefer?
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2009,11/30/2009,700,420,12,22,20>After indulging and imbibing this weekend, Manzanita is the perfect place to end my weekend. This place is vegan and believe it or not, it's pretty dang tasty! The veggie miso soup was thicker and filling than other miso soups you'll ever have. The moderate size portions satisfied my appetite. Everyday the menu is different and it's only one thing, so you have to call or go on their website to see what they are serving. Last night they had, lima beans which were SO tasty, kale with cream sauce which was my favorite, brown rice, salad, and vegetables. I cannot wait to try this place again. Oh, and don't forget to order their chocolate cake! (Non-vegan) Enjoy!
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2009,11/29/2009,513,243,18,26,25>I absolutely love shopping here! Their produce is always really fresh and are reasonably priced! The neighborhood isn't the best in the world but it's a few blocks from my Mom's house and I come here whenever I stop by her place to cook. I asked myself "What can I make that says Summer?"  The first thing that came to mind were burgers and fries! I wanted to make something similar to an In N Out animal styled burger because who doesn't like those?I walked in and picked up some lettuce, white onions, tomatoes, American cheese, a couple of pounds of ground beef, burger buns, pickles, thousand island dressing and some russet potatoes for the fries. All came out to about $30. I think this place is comparable to Whole Foods Market. I love going to both places!
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2009,11/28/2009,126,1452,17,23,23>I was looking for Togo's initially when I drove through the whole parking lot and didn't spot Togo's. I spotted this place instead.. All I wanted was a sandwich. What would make a sandwich better, but a bagel sandwich. There are giant, I mean Giant, posters of chubby Italian & Jewish children and old men eating and cutting random types of giant loaves of bread. This is just a strange touch. Really playing up the whole "trying to be a New York Bagel Shop" feel. However, the food was not disappointing at all. The food surpasses all stereotypes. I got a Roast Beef sandwich. Called the Rossi, Roast Beef, Lettuce, Mayo, Mustard, Tomato and Purple Onion. He freshly cut the Roast Beef right in front of me. They were out of the onion bagels though. Actually they were out of quite a bit of bagels. I went in there at 2pm so I cant blame them. Instead I got it on an "Everything Roll." Frick'n good. Better than an onion bagel which is my usual go to. Get it toasted and you'll be in heaven. I'm making this my regular lunch spot from this date forward.
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2009,11/27/2009,304,243,21,26,26>Salamat sis-Estella for introducing me to this local taqueria that makes me reminiscent to our Mexican restaurant stops in the Oakland Fruitvale District during our high school years. Taqueria Guadalajara in San Leandro you're my new taqueria stop =) yelp.com/biz_photos/ZjOF…LOCATION: On E.14TH Street btw 143rd Ave & 144th Ave. Located inside what I'm gonna say is the "Guadalajara Shopping Center" because every store front in here is called "(store's specialty) Guadalajara". Small parking is 1-way; have to enter on 143rd Ave, then exit parking lot on 144th. yelp.com/biz_photos/ZjOF…RESTAURANT: Large restaurant w/ only bench seating yelp.com/biz_photos/ZjOF… but plenty of it yelp.com/biz_photos/ZjOF… Additionally inside upon entrance on left side is an ATM machine, about 3 arcade games, & 1 juke box. 2 registers up front (accept cash & credit) w/ large affordable menu items above register yelp.com/biz_photos/ZjOF… This taqueria gets patrons from all nationalities too.CUST SVC: Friendly & quick. Most staff are Latino; speaking Spanish might be a bonus for u as u place an order or ask for anything extra from cooks behind the counter, but not req'd. I asked twice & clearly for another paper bag, & got a plastic bag...it's ok, but I shake my head @ it.DRINKS: Ur not a taqueria to me if don't serve up Horchata, & this spot does =) For $1.60/ea sis & I got a 32oz Horchata...exceptionally large yelp.com/biz_photos/ZjOF… (I know, I know, I need a new cell ph case) Horchata was scrum-didly-umptous!BURRITOS: So my 1st visit here was this past Tue (10/27/09) evening w/ sis, & I chose to sample their $5.50 Super Burrito yelp.com/biz_photos/ZjOF… Their bean options only are whole pinto beans or refried pinto beans...kinda wish they offered whole black beans, maybe they add later. This burrito experience, I asked for steak & no beans. Few bites in I wasn't sure if the steak was cooked w/ some serious spices, but then sis & I chatted...think it had to have been the salsa or chiles that kicked up the heat in this burrito. Unexpected, but not unwelcomed either...pretty damn good burrito! yelp.com/biz_photos/ZjOF… Also gets my scrum-didly-umptous stamp of approval *tee-hee*FINAL TAB: So sis taking some eats home & me taking some eats home too....spent $27 for 4 Super Burritos & 2 32oz drinks (Horchata). Would I come back? Let's see...affordable AND good Mexican food...double hell yeah! I'll come back for the burritos, Horchata, & taste more on their menu ;-)--------------------------------------------------­--------------Yay! My 3rd ROTD & on "Black Friday" 11/27/09 ^-^
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2009,11/26/2009,108,1734,17,28,25>That's 4 1/2 stars.  We couldn't decide whether it was 4.49 or 4.51, so we're just saying 4 1/2.  This charming space, which was originally a house on Dwight Way just below Sacramento, used to be home to A La Carte.  I ate there before I even met Alan and he thinks the last time we ate there was 30 years ago, when we moved into our first house.  I'm not sure about that.  But it's been about that long since we were there, just because it's sort of "out of sight, out of mind".  The main dining room has a small, rustic fireplace.  The small windows have diamond shaped divided lites and they open out.  The look is homey and wonderful.   There is one bathroom, as befits a house of that era.  The restaurant is small, but tables are well spaced, so you don't feel as if you're sitting w/ strangers.  As you enter the restaurant the bar w/ about 4 stools is in front of you.  The back room is to the right as you enter.  I had never noticed it before.  Tonight it held a large group, about 9 people.Digs has been on our list of places to try since it opened.  Our neighbors ate there during last year's Dine About Town and raved about it.  Today is our 27th wedding anniversary and we decided to come here for dinner.  The menu changes every 3-4 weeks and features seasonal, locally sourced items.  There were several tempting dishes amongst the appetizers and an equally tempting number amongst the mains.  We were served a plate of delicious, heavy bread whose provenance I didn't recognize, and butter.  Although the charcuterie plate was tempting, I went for the Early Girl tomato soup, which came w/ tiny cheddar chive biscuits.  Alan ordered the stuffed piquillo peppers w/ Dungeness crab, brandade, aioli, and parsley pesto over baby greens.  My soup sang w/ freshness.  It was bright and perfectly cooked.  Alan's peppers were equally tasty.  It was a scrumptious dish.  For my main I debated between the roasted half chicken and the grilled smoked pork chop and chose that latter.  Alan debated between the Brentwood corn ravioli and the lamb burger.  When he learned the ravioli were rich he decided on the lamb.  My pork chop came accompanied by mashed potatoes and creamy spinach.  The pork was magical, smokey and delicious.  The potatoes were good and the spinach was excellent.  Alan liked it so much he ordered a side of it for himself after tasting mine.  His lamb was very tasty and so were the potatoes that accompanied it.  I had a glass of a Pinot Blanc that was good and Alan had a Boont Amber.  Service was professional, correct and attentive.  It was a very pleasant dinner and I can assure you it won't be another 30 years before we return.
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,11/25/2009,301,336,30,25,27>What do you get when you cross serious amounts of fried pork, flower salesmen, day laborers, street hookers and a big silver taco truck?  You get Heaven on Earth my friend...Heaven on Earth.  The only truck that might rate higher than the legendary taco truck is the van from the A-Team. autocult.com.au/img/gall… If I had my own taco truck I would totally put a whale's tail on it, paint it black, slap on some red rims and put a sweet red racing stripe down it's side.I've waxed poetic about the allure of the taco truck in the past yelp.com/biz/mariscos-ge…, but nothing, I repeat, NO-THING can hold a candle to the incredible taste sensations that pour forth from the confines of the El Taco Zamorano taco truck on International Blvd. and 48th in East Oakland. Astrid and I stopped by after dropping off the freshly-emptied U-Haul truck nearby.  By the time we finished with the move, we were hungry enough to eat a pound of Mr. T's gold chains.  Luckily, El Taco Zamorano was just down the street.We pulled into the parking lot and was immediately accosted by a guy selling roses, four day-laborers looking for work and some homeless guy.  The police were arresting street hookers right across the way from us.  I smiled to myself and felt strangely at ease.  We walked right up to the window and ordered three tacos for $1.25 each: a carnitas tacos served with cilantro and onion, a carne asada taco and an el pastor taco.  Astrid got the carnitas burrito which was about the size of B.A. Baracus' biceps, full of freshly fried carnitas, sour cream, beans and cheese.  The food was fantastic!  Totally fresh and tasty and even better than some of the tacos I got in San Diego.  The carnitas was flavorful, tender and crunchy.  It was by far the freshest and best carnitas I have EVER had.  There's nothing better than good fried pork!So next time you're cruising for day laborers or hookers (night laborers) in the area, stop on by and grab yourself some seriously good grub.  I PITY THE FOOL that doesn't.
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2009,11/24/2009,701,677,11,17,13>Hands down the greatest NYC style, thin crust pie in Northern California.  When I first came here I tried a slice of basic cheese (the way to tell great pie is by their cheese pizza).  It was heavenly.  Crisp crust, perfectly cooked, thin, wonderfully melted cheeses, hot, perfection.Since that first trip last year, I come here at least once every few weeks to sample their new creations.  I love their decidedly California take on the classic NYC style of pizza.  Lots of fresh, local ingredients, served up in great combinations.  They truly make some gourmet pizza's here.  My current fave is the butternut squash.  Delectable!The staff is always friendly & quick.  It's a tight squeeze inside, but that adds to the low key vibe they have going on.I love coming here.  It's the kind of place you want to be a regular at.P.S.  A great pit stop after/before you go grocery shopping at Monterey Market.  :-)
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2009,11/22/2009,178,382,26,23,22>Someone call the president. We've just discovered a weapon of mass destruction!!Who ever thought a small lil joint inside the Fremont Valero station can do so much damage to one's cholesterol?! With a menu consisting of $6 double dipped sandwiches (double dipped in WHAT?!!), deep fried sweets, and deep fried bacon wrapped hotdogs...get ready for a major dose of clogged arteries.I finally braved the outrageous calorie-count and decided to give this place a try. Terrified of the term "double dipped", I refrained from ordering a pastrami sandwich to save myself from ultimate annihilation. Apparently, they bathe the sandwich in all the juices that dripped out of the meat when it was being grilled. Deliciously gross. I cringe just thinking about it. Ended up with a deep fried sweet sampler instead for $10 (don't worry, I was not alone). 1 twinkie + 1 cupcake + 2 oreos + 2 bananas + 2 chocolate chip cookies + 1/2 PBJ sammie = an overload in really unhealthy calories...but a satisfaction like no other. I wasn't too big a fan of the oreo and chocolate chip cookies, but the PBJ was all sorts of ooey gooey goodness. With each treat sprinkled with a thin coat of powdered sugar and drizzled with chocolate syrup, there's no wonder everyone's walking out of this place with their belts off and their jeans unbuttoned. As delightful as everything tasted, I think this was only meant to be a once in a lifetime experience. A second visit might just be the end of me.
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2009,11/21/2009,371,281,19,22,22>I was having one of those days. You know the kind?Walking into the office in the morning I swung by the kitchen, dropped off my lunch and headed upstairs to my desk. On my way up the stairs I tripped over nothing and fell onto my hands. The stairs are situated in the center of the entire building, like an atrium.At lunchtime I sat down to enjoy my beans, rice and chicken plate and within 10 minutes had black beans dripping down the front of my shirt.At 5 pm, which seemed to arrive 24 hours after the stair-tripping incident, I turned off my computer and bid my cube farewell as I headed out to the lot. I slide into the car, threw my bag on the passenger seat, shifted into reverse, and just when I thought I was about to escape the horrors of the day I heard "sccccccccccccccraaaaape!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" as my front bumper Frenched the giant cement pillar of the parking garage.I closed me eyes, decided against actually looking at my handy work, violently shoved the the gear shift to drive and shuttled my karmic disaster ass home.I expected the worst. Insurance hikes, rental cars, thousands of dollars out of pocket, but the minute I drove the sad Suby into Uptown Body & Fender, my worries melted away.As the amazingly kind and warm Giovanna looked over my car's cuts and bruises she told me the cost of replacing my bumper would be a bank-breaking $750, but looked me in the eye and told me that in her honest opinion "bumpers are called bumpers for a reason."She put some sort of miracle tonic on a rag, shimmied over to the patient and started rubbing away the scratches. She then sent me over to her paint shop on Brush street, had one of her guys dab a little touch up paint  on boo-boos and voila! I was on my way. Not a penny poorer, Uptown Body & Fender was my therapist, masseuse, acupuncturist and chiropractor all in one. I'm not sure if she normally would have charged me if I hadn't been a friend of a friend, but she treated me like I was the only customer in the world, and my Suby should ever encounter another tussle, I wouldn't bat an eye before letting Giovanna lend her healing hands to my auto woes. Also, I thought I should note that this place is drop dead gorgeous. Clean, elegant, exposed brick walls decorated with black and white photos and art. It impressed the pants off me right then and there. Plus! Giovanna is a huge animal supporter and even hosted an Oakland Animal Shelter fundraiser at her shop!
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2009,11/19/2009,3617,1853,19,22,25>From the main drag of Contra Coasta Blvd in Pleasant HIll, this restaurant is easy to miss, with only a small portion of its building visible in the back end of an unimpressive strip mall. But once inside, the restaurant opens up into a large dining room with low divider through the middle, nice large Chinese influenced wall hangings, and a seperate dining/banquiet room in the back. A deceptively large place in fact. Its been around since 1992, so it has weathered the storms and changes over the past 17 years. WIth the current downturn in dining, they have become aggressive in retaining customers and offering value. For instance, all food to go orders are 10% off.They also have a daily lunch special, with nearly 50 choices for your main dish for $5.95 or $6.95!  This is what I had. When I was promptly greeted and seated, I was served a plate of peanuts to snack on. Right after that, a metal hot pot of tea and a glass of ice water was put on my table. Shortly after I ordered the Ginger and Scallion Beef lunch special and a diet coke, I received a huge 32 oz blue plastic cup of Diet Coke with ice. This would overwhelm 7-Eleven with its proportions! It turns out, they offer FREE sodas between 12 and 1, but I came later, so it cost all of  $1.95!  That beats any fast food joint for that size!Next, I was served a small bowl of won ton soup, with 2 or 3 won tons in a chicken broth with spinach leaf greens. The main dish had two large upside down bowl-sized mounds of steamed rice (you can get pork fried instead, or chow  mein) and a large mound of good quality beef mixed with onions, green onions, and large slivers of ginger. There were also 2 crispy wafer chips with sweet red sauce. Very generous, and I had to take home leftovers, which I rarely do becuase there usually are none.Finally a fortune cookie to finish it off. The service prompt and attentive throughout, but not obtrusive. The food was pretty good, although fairly Americanized to please the mainly Americans living nearby.(Although 33% of the diners were Asian today for lunch...they know good value!.)The final bill? After tax it was................$8.63!       Now that is Value!  They also have Early Bird Specials for dinner between 3 and 6pm, which are basically all the things you get in the Lunch Specials for about $0.55 to $1.55 more per person. In this challenging economy, getting a wide variety of choices, great value, in a sit down white table clothed atmosphere with excellent service, this is a financial and gastonomic treat/ relief more people should enjoy. There is plenty of Free parking in the back lot.These are Panda Express prices with a lot more than a 5 choice buffet on red trays after a line out the door!
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2009,11/18/2009,1429,411,23,31,29>Brown Sugar Kitchen is damn good. And if we're talking in 'Oakland' terms, then it's HELLA good.You might have heard about Brown Sugar Kitchen because they're known for having awesome Chicken and Waffles- but don't be fooled, this place is definitely a lot more than that! BSK is a gourmet diner with a sweet gourmet menu.My first time there, I was shocked by how nice the place looked! For a small breakfast shop in the middle of 'no-mans-land' it looks awesome! The staff was very friendly and the service was prompt. The chefs cook right in front of you too which is pretty cool! The food here tasted great. People are not lying when they say the Chicken and Waffles are awesome! The C&W dish is not cooked traditionally, they have a gourmet twist to them. The waffles are EXTREMELY light and flaky- cooked with cornmeal. They fall apart when you cut into them with your fork, and practically melt in your mouth. This is unique, and very tasty- but it's different and not what you might be expecting. The chicken is also very very tasty! It's got all types of herbs and spices on it that again, makes the taste very unique. The problem is it tastes so good that it might be too good for a C&W dish, if that makes any sense. Like you could sell this chicken as a separate dish- make it it's own meal.I also had the Pulled Pork sandwich- which was pretty good! The BBQ has a little zing to it, which I loved. The bread is toasted on the oven top for an added crunch. I wasn't crazy about the Macaroni and Cheese side.This place gets busy so it may take a while to get seated. Also, like many other reviews have mentioned- the prices aren't exactly cheap. I think the C&W meal is around $14. However- you gotta remember we're talking gourmet, so you get what you pay for! BSK is a hit, I think you'll like it.
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2008,11/17/2009,147,273,32,14,16>You know how porn has the ability to be totally offensive and intriguing at the same time? Repulsive yet gratifying?  When I saw Fatima's Thighs, I felt the same sense of fascination and shame. No, Fatima's Thighs is not a video that objectifies and exoticizes brown women.It's a pastry that does the same. I wanted Fatima's Thighs.  I stared at them through the glass case.Then my internal Angry Ethnic Girl surfaced in my mind.  Angry Ethnic Girl: Do they even know how to pronounce Fatima?? You know Fatima's thighs don't taste like roses! Don't support that shit.  Fatima's thighs can be salty and sweaty.  Bitter. Yeasty.  Don't let this Euro bakery put your sisters' thighs in a box.Then, my internal Intelligent Brown Valley Girl surfaced.Valley Girl: OMG! That was like totally clever and funny.  Put the thighs in a box.  Get it? Like literally?!  You are like soooo witty.My facial expressions shifted accordingly as I still stood there staring at the pastry.I finally looked up to see meet the gaze of the woman behind the counter who looked at me like I was a crazy person.  My internal Social Imbecile spoke."I'll have that," I mumbled, grunted, and pointed.Then I decided to totally surrender to post-colonialism and ordered an Oregon Chai.Next time they make something using ingredients from my peeps, maybe they can name it Anjali's Bosom.  I think I would like to have a pastry named after me.
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2009,11/16/2009,460,387,18,21,19>For those of you who know my review writing style, you know that I don't often give 4 or 5 stars for restaurants.  Events...of course, automatically default to 5 stars but that's another story.So I don't give 4 stars to Zocalo lightly.But when talking about a coffee shop, for me, the atmoshphere counts for a whole lot more than it would in restaurants.  Atmosphere is everything for me, since a coffee shop isn't just where I intend to enjoy good coffee, but rather a place where I can relax and maybe do a little work.Coffee shops are for hanging out in.And for the kind of atmosphere I enjoy, Zocalo's is darn near perfect.The location doesn't work for me tho, and that gives it four stars instead of five.  But everything else is ideal.First off, it's on a main through-street, which makes it easy to find.  There's limited parking but there's a parking lot in back, that I think isn't really for patrons, but I parked there anyway and didn't get a ticket.The coffee shop has a basically rectangular layout, the main street entrance wall all floor-to-ceiling glass, which brings in tons of light.  The ceilings are very high, maybe 15-18 feet (yes, that's a wild ass guess, but you get the idea).  In addition to hanging lamps and rail lights, there are some large rectangular openings that let in light from the roof making the place even brighter.  Glossy laptop screen?  No problem.  The ambient light is bright, but not distracting for glossy screen users.You enter through double doors that swing both in and outwards, sorta like saloon doors, only they're full sized doors.  On the floor, just at the entrance is a plaque that says:  "Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world, indeed, it is the only thing that ever has" Margaret Mead, 1901-1978.When you enter, you're immediately greeted by a sense of large open space.  Immediately to the left is shelving with coffee accessories for sale, and a smallish nook with a couple of coffee tables.  Along the left wall from middle to back is the coffee counter area, very large, with some counter seating as well.  Next to that, further back along the left wall is a HUGE green coffee roaster.  I'm told that every bean is roasted in that large machine.  Very impressive.The entire right side has seating with low chairs and smallish two seaters to round 5-6 seaters, and lone longer table that seats maybe 10.  That longish table has a marbly top and has a pente board embedded in it (there are people playing pente right now).Further to the back, also along the right is a large deep dark green leather sofa and some other interesting wooden arm-rest chairs.  Great area to read and relax and maybe talk with friends (not unlike Perk's on friends).  Further back then that is a closed off area with children's chairs and a very low table.  Low 4' bookshelves are used to cordon this area off, but still keep it very visible.Along the right wall is a very shallow shelf at around 4'6" height or thereabouts that's maybe 3 or 4 inches deep, with all kinds of interesting pottery pieces (hand made? maybe)?The music is decidedly 60's'ish.  lotsa guitar and almost folk'ish rock.  Not too loud (which is great because this place is echo'y).  In fact, this place is decidedly quiet considering how resonating the place is.  As long as the customers stay pretty chill, the place doesn't get loud at all.Better yet, they DON'T have those monumentally annoying blenders!  I hate those things and LOVE the fact that Zocalo doesn't have them.  For that alone, it's an automatic 4 stars!  There's free wifi (kiss kiss hug hug)There's tons of plugs all over the place, and they encourage customers to use them (If Zocalo was a girl, there'd be some french kissing right about now).Temperature is also really key.  Peet's offers free wifi too and I think they lower the temp to keep customers from hanging too long.  Starbucks doesn't have free wifi, but the temperature is usually pretty good.  Zocalo is the best of both worlds.The coffee is served in REAL MUGS!!! Love that.  It's a Zocalo branded mug too.  Maybe I'll buy one...still pondering.  They also leave out real spoons that are very long, which I imagine is to be environmentally friendly, but is a nice touch.As for the price...$1.65 for a mug.  Not bad, and you pour yourself, so you decide how much to put in.  No whole milk sitting out on counter though, but they'll add some on request.If you like coffee art (e.g. latte art), they do that here too.All in all, this place is a go again, and yes, without a doubt:Yay!  I'm a fan!
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2008,11/15/2009,711,1293,34,21,25>This is my TV drama, bringing people here.Their reactions range from nervousness, shock and un-comfortableness to excitement and a kid at a candy shop vibe. I dunno, maybe there's something wrong with me that when I'm bored, my first thought is to drag people to stores like this. The funniest one by far was an old  friend of mine. He followed me around, jumped when they spoke to him, and then sat in a chair texting madly while I picked him out what he wanted and the nice people helped me.Seriously, working here must be the best damn thing to watch. Who needs TV when you got GV?
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2009,11/14/2009,931,153,22,22,22>I am tempted to give Cato's 5 stars, but I think that's nostalgia based more than anything. A brief recounting of my history with this fine establishment: I went to elementary and middle school at a very small private school on 41st Street. Once we got to 5th or 6th grade, we were able to go off campus for lunch every week or every other week. In 7th grade, my little group of friends and I, after tiring of eating at J's (love!) with all of our classmates who we DIDN'T want to be with for off campus lunch, walked further down Piedmont Avenue and happened upon Cato's, which is, as the name says, an ale house, but also a restaurant that serves affordable pizza by the slice at lunchtime and offers (or did 15 years ago) unlimited soda refills. Also, the girls in the group, myself included, all had a crush on this really cute bartender who worked there. Needless to say, it became our new spot. After 8th grade, I didn't spend a lot of time in Oakland, except visiting friends. I spent more time in Berkeley (wtf, right?) and so years passed without a visit to Cato's. Middle school friends and I would stop in very occasionally for pizza and memories, but it wasn't until more recently that I decided to revisit Cato's--as an adult of legal drinking age.It's really exactly the same. The same dark interior, pictures all over the walls, names carved into the tables, beer signs and graffiti all over the bathrooms. Only now I can partake of the bar, which has a good selection of reasonably priced draft beers (that AREN'T just typical big American brewery pilsners), bottled beers, wine and liquor. And the pizza is still good, dammit. I got a veggie burger with Catatoes another time and was less than thrilled with what are no more than dry, over-seasoned home fries. Definitely didn't live up to the allure of the name Catato. Sad.I had a coworker who told me that the staff at Cato's were all a little too into their white powder of choice, but, frankly, I really don't give a damn. Snort it or smoke it, coke or crank, as long as you're friendly and get my food to me in a timely manner--a feat Cato's always manages to accomplish.Overall, this is a great place to go with friends, share a pizza, and have a few pints. There's live jazz sometimes, which is nice. The only problem is that it gets super crowded in the evening (especially on weekends, of course), so seating can be a problem. But if you get there early enough to snag a booth, you have a perfect spot to sit and eat and drink and chat for a few hours.
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2009,11/13/2009,80,175,20,15,16>A long, long time ago, in an Oakland far, far away, Martin W. was a vegetarian.I was hardcore about it, too.  No fish, no oysters, no chicken... I even quit taking my favorite vitamins because they were in gelatin caps.I did the drive up and down High Street between 580 and 880 pretty regularly and Taqueria Zamorano eventually became a regular for me because they had a decent and inexpensive vegetarian burrito.Now, that was then--it'd been 8 years since I'd been to Zamorano, having forgotten about them once I'd switched back to meat.  So a couple of weeks ago, after long wondering if their meat grub compared to their veg grub, I decided the day had come and Jess M. and I trundled in to have a little taste.The place is dark and uninviting--but the folks working there are nice, and with only 5 or 6 tables, you don't have to wait very long.  They made a good impression right off the bat because they brought out the good, thick corn tortilla chips and a fairly tasty, if a bit thin, salsa.So far, so good.  I sodium'ed the shit out the chips, but that's because I want to die young and preserved (starting to be a little late for dying young, and the way I drink I might end up pickled, but life does throw us curve balls once in a while, huh?).For some reason, although we came in wanting tacos, I ended up with a carnitas burrito el famoso (i.e. covered with cheese and enchilada sauce) with rice and beans, and a chorizo taco on the side, while Jess M. went for a carne asada sope (with the rice/beans), and a shrimp taco.   And we knocked out three baskets of chips (yah, this was definitely a "cheat day" on my diet).For one thing, I had no idea that Zamorano was basically a family-style Mexican joint.  Family-style Mexican might mean something else to someone who knows what they're talking about, but to an amer-asian gringo like me it means "big ass plates of lard-heavy food stuffs."It was a little disappointing, to tell you the truth.  But some ancient instinct took hold of me and there I was with 5 pounds of pork and refrieds and... Jesus, it was a lot of fucking food.Basically, it was good--it's rare that a Mexican place fucks up the rice and refried beans, and Zamorano does a good job with both--glossy not-bloated rice and smooth but viscous beans.  Mmmmm.  The chorizo was that good, fatty, crumbled pork--frankly, every time I get chorizo I regret it because I always forget how goddamn *heavy* it is, but this was good.Oh, but the fucking CARNITAS!!  My friends, that's a star right there, and you've got it straight from this maverick's mouth, you betcha.  Their carnitas are right up there with Sinaloa; they are that fucking good.  Dark and crisp and stripped bits, big chunks, little chunks--that el famoso was bloated with carnitas.By the end, as I was lethargically scooping up the last of the red sauce with my chips, sweating like a pig from the chilies and piping hot food, I looked over at Jess M. through tears wrung out of me by that delightful pleasure and pain of a good gorging and we shared a moment.We had conceived twins.  Twin food babies now gestated in each of our stomachs, and as we parted ways, we both knew that in the days to come, we'd remember this special moment again... and again... and again.If only there was a day after pill for Mexican food.  But it felt so *goddamn* good at the time.  So good...
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/28/2009,11/12/2009,330,444,19,24,19>After waiting a couple of weeks since the Lounge has officially opened, I  finally found the perfect companion to enjoy some bubbly with- an Italian- who works in the wine industry, no less.  So, feeling amorous, yet critical (as per usual), we walked into the large space with high ceilings- done mostly in back, I love all of the candles and industrial warmth of the place.  It is a more quiet, date spot. Huge windows- looking out on the YMCA across the street.....sexyy! It's further "Uptown" on Broadway than several other popular spots, so on a Wednesday night, not many people out and about, foot traffic wise, more random dudes just wondering down the street.  Doesn't feel like a popping location on a weeknight, but the people inside were there to drink and enjoy, so it felt pleasant inside overall. Nice music and a nice crowd. I know it's a lot busier on weekends.All of the reviews here are addressing the ambiance and the love they feel for the people who opened it, and I wish Mimosa Lounge all the best, I truly do. BUT I was very disappointed in the Champagne menu. How do I say this without sounding either clueless or snobby?  I'll risk it, it's only Yelp, after all: their Champagne menu is ridiculous.  Of course true Champagne is expensive, but come on. There is not a glass of bubbly under $12, and the $12 price points are primarily the sparkling wines.   It took me 24 hours to realize- WTF, this place has no Prosecco? Is this true? Someone slap me if I'm wrong, because  I'm a Prosecco nut!  There is very, I repeat, very little value- they have 3 types of Moet champagnes (??), Cristal, of COURSE, we're in Oakland, gotta be pimp, and a bunch of other bottles for $125.00 so people can seem classy and lavish....Yet dollar for dollar, what a total lack of value, with taste not making up for it. I'm all for decadence and being loose with my budget now and then- I mean, what better place then at a Champagne Lounge?  But still, their margins just seemed a bit out of whack. Just a few other notes- they only serve beer and wine/etc, no liquor, and they serve red wine in low sorta chunky cups, not stem ware-so of course 'my' Italian was less than impressed with this detail; again, if you go out to try a new type of wine and can't really look at it and swirl it around in your glass to at least look like you know what you are doing, what good is it!? I would love to see more California, Spain, and Italy on this list- and no, I'm not just repeating what my Italian companion said : )  Hopefully the list will rotate now and then.I probably will not suggest this place to a bunch of girlfriends for a night out.  If I'm with a guy who wants to high-roll, I will!
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2009,11/11/2009,341,458,22,20,21>Mr. M loves Filipino food.  Some time ago, I was cruising through Yelp and told him, "Hey, there's a Filipino restaurant in that Popeye's shopping center that's supposed to be really good!"  Not much reaction.Fast forward many months.  Mr. M comes home and tells me, "Hey, there's a really great Filipino restaurant in that Popeye's shopping center!  We went there for lunch."  Hmmph.  Well, at least he brought home some tasty lumpia to placate me.I finally tried it for dinner tonight. Everything we had was delicious.  Adobo burger, ribs, fried rice, sliders.  And the lumpia is even better fresh from the kitchen.  The service is warm, personal and attentive.  It's a family run business and it shows.  The restaurant is roomy and comfortable.I did get on the mailing list for entertainment, so if we check out a show I'll update the review.
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2009,11/10/2009,587,806,10,18,16>I really love this place!!Located in Todos Santos plaza over looking the park, this is the perfect hang out place for meeting up with a friend, people watching or just to sit back pop open your laptop, chill or read a book.It's decorated with warm, vibrant colors, creating a nice tropical, fun lively atmosphere.There is a Great amount of space with plenty of seating, free WIFI and even a private room you can rent for business meetings...ectCoffee is fantastic! They even go out of there way to ask how I like my drink made foamy/milky?...Awesome! Not to mention they have a killer selection of delicious pastries.Great coffee, delish pastries along with upbeat friendly service, you can't go wrong. They are a little pricey, however that just goes with great things. Wish I lived close by, this would be my regular spot!
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2009,11/9/2009,201,124,15,19,16>I hang my head in shame as I write. I actually ordered biscuits, eggs, grits, and 2 pork chops for breakfast!! The Reggie Jackson special. Note, that if Reggie Jackson did actually eat this much food, he was able to burn off the calories by running bases!! I however, went home and went to sleep!!This is a very friendly , neighborhood hole in the wall restaurant. The breakfast was good and the coffee was decent, but I'm very interested in coming back to sample the ice-box pie.Amuse yourself by looking at the photos of Lois and the celebrities who have dined in the restaurant.
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2009,11/8/2009,1020,575,16,20,18>So I just paid off my credit cards. I gotta celebrate! How? Fro-yo...that's how! Went out to Brentwood to look for this place. I have to admit, it was kinda hard to find. Just look to your left and once you pass the water park, turn right. It's in the same shopping center as In-Shape Brentwood. Self-serve fro-yo in the East CoCo...yes! I reminded myself not to get too carried away like I usually do at these places. At 38 cents an once, I got a squeeze of the strawberry kiwi and regular vanilla. Dry toppings: this new one called cotton candy crush and gummi bears. I didn't even realize there was a fresh/wet toppings ahead...oops! I added mochi balls (YES!) and cheesecake bites. All in all, 3 bucks and some change for a generous amount of fro-yo my way!Let me tell you, this crazy concoction I had in front of me tasted pretty good! The cotton candy crunch was the perfect amount of sweetness and crunchiness. The mochi balls and gummi bears -- the sweet chewiness. And the cheesecake bites really tied everything together. Ultimate yum!Where are you Lolia S.? This place has your fro-yo girl name written all over it!Definitely coming back here again....
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2009,11/7/2009,80,171,12,13,13>4.5When Betty H. AND Cara Y. speak of fried chicken goodness that would give Bakesale Betty a run for her money, they've got my full attention!  And any mention of spice is definitely enticing.  I have to agree that Culina's spicy fried chicken sandwich is delish, but it cannot replace my first gourmet fried chicken sandwich love known as Bakesale Betty.   But I can give them a close second.  Culina's sandwich is made with a mayo-based coleslaw, which makes the sandwich a little messier and it can get soggy pretty quickly.  I had my sandwich with the works minus onion.  I do love the toasted roll, and the chicken was still moist and flavorful after being fried.  I also had a watermelon aqua fresca, but it was more aqua than watermelon.  Watermelon is a tricky one since it  is watery to begin with.  Everyone at Culina's was beyond friendly.  Check it out!
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2009,11/6/2009,114,120,11,15,13>Still one of my fav spots here in the Och.  I'm a regular for good reason - Kim can throw it down.  I should mention most nights Kim cooks but some nights she has others working the kitchen.  When she cooks, not only can she contend with places in the city and San Jo but she straight kicks their asses.  Unfortunately, when she's not in the kitchen, you can taste the difference.  Don't get it twisted though because it's still very good but no one got it like Kim (she working on 'em though).  Also, I know she recently let go of one of her cooks as she got so many complaints.  Yes, we know what she can do an we want nothing less.  Lastly, ask her if she has any specials.  She has some terrific off menu items especially if you feel adventurous.  5 stars because her pho is without a doubt the best I've ever tasted!
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2009,11/5/2009,1205,283,13,17,14>YAY I wasn't drinking last night, what a miracle.......anyway we decided to take a "chubby trip", to this panaderia that I have been going to for awhile.  I love everything they have:Raspados (Snow Cone), different authentic flavors such as limon, fresa, tamarindo, leche (milk), and even one called diablito thats for the folks that like the tamarindo chile candy flavor.Pan Dulce, various powdered cookies, frosted cookies, empanadas filled with pineapple, apple, custard,traditional conchas, bread for coffee, strawberry rolls with coconut flakes, bollilos for tortas or sandwiches, cheese bread, custard filled Mexican twists, Tres leches cake, frosted cake slices, even fluffy warm cupcakes, cake with banana & strawberry filling, damn I could go on forever.........Bionicos which are like a parfait but way fucken better!!!!  You get to pick which fruit it will consist of your choices are apple, banana, mango, strawberry, papaya, grapes, and other seasonal ones.  They slice'em up and put them in a nice size cup with Lechera which tastes like a great sweet custard just not as thick.  You can top it off with granola, raisins, coco flakes, peanuts, cashews etc.....If you want all of the above they will fill you right up it doesn't matter what you want its a base price which is cheap.Ice Cream in so many damn flavors just like in Mexico, they have cheese ice cream which may sound nasty if your not familiar but its NOT!!!!  They will let you sample any of their flavor and they don't have an attitude if you ask more than once.  They have fresh strawberry ice cream, thick vanilla, sweet chocolate, lime, and like everything else in this place so many more to name!!!I love this place its like a fully stocked bar, instead with bread and all the necessities to get chubby!!!!
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2009,11/4/2009,300,251,19,15,18>Today is my 26th birthday.Of course, I celebrated at the Captain's Chest last night. This is my third birthday celebrated at the Chest. The Chest is the best. They have karaoke with DoowopBob every Wednesday and Saturday. I have been going every single Wednesday and occasional Saturdays for almost three years now.Emily J brought balloons and made yummy sandwiches, my Mom brought cupcakes, and JJ made Jell-o shots.Here is my Marzan W. inspired tribute to my favoritest bar in the whole entire world!To the Tune of "Heaven" by Bryan Adams (which I sing sometimes)Oh - thinkin' about the last three years"I Touch Myself" and "Proud Mary"I was young and wild and freeNow my envelope of slips is very large My repertiore still growsBecause the Captain's ChestYou keep me comin' back for more!Captain's Chest you're all that I wantWhen it's my birthday (or just Wednesday) and I wanna sing some tunesI don't find it hard to believeThis is heavenAnd the mic is all that I need And I found it there on Bob's mic standHe's playing a track for meAnd I'm singin'Oh - once in your life you find a barThat will turn your world around Bring you up when you're feelin' down Ya - nothin' could change what you mean to me Oh there's lots that I could say But just call my nameAnd I'll take my turn, straight away!Captain's Chest you're all that I want When I'm wanting karaoke My drink is in my hand At the mic standAnd Brian is all that I need When I need harmonica accompaniment I'm singing "Chain of Fools"Here in heaven I've been waitin' for so long For my turn to come For the rotation to move along Now Mr. Bill is buying shots And he's singing "My Way" I love this bar, lots!Captain's Chest you're all that I want When I'd like to be with my friends I'm singing "Barracuda"Here in heavenAnd my husband sings "Get Together" Emily J. and Jac C. rock "Leather and Lace"I really love this barIt is heaven
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2008,11/3/2009,195,196,19,18,17>Some say Tara's is the "Bi-Rite of the East Bay".  Ha!At Bi-Rite, I sampled one or two unusual flavors and said "Huh.  That's interesting." and ordered something safe.  It was "nice".At Tara's, I sampled just about every inspired unusual flavor offered and said "HOLY F*CK THATS GOOD".  If you taste-challenged idiots lining up out the door at Ici stampede over to Tara's and force me to wait in another long mooing line, I will get really annoyed.  You were raving about Ici, so stay there.  Its yours. Tara's is *OURS**toes a line at Woolsey St. and glares menacingly*
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2009,11/2/2009,2016,1122,16,24,22>this is definitely a great winery for sure. my dad has never liked wine that much until he tried cartlidge & browne and he was hooked. for this to happen i know that they are doing some really great things here.he was at a dinner in oregon and he had the 2007 sauvignon blanc and that was it. this wine was the only thing he talked about for months. on our way back from the napa valley we stopped in to track down this famous wine my dad had tried.  we got the directions and luckily found this place really fast. it's not what you might expect when you think of wineries so make sure you get directions. it's located in an office building surrounded by warehouses and trucks. once we found it there was plenty of parking right in front. right as we stepped in we were greeted by lynae and asked how we could be helped. my dad told her about how he came across their wine and if he could get some of this wine. it turns out they were all sold out and it looks like there will be no more as the 2008 is coming out. she poured us several samples of other wines they offered at no charge and they were all very good. lynae was very personable and friendly and made us feel so very welcome. she took down our info so we could be updated about future wines and we were on our way.the best overall experience for us was seeing that we already had an email from the winery when we got home. it was from lynae and she thanked us for coming in and she would inform us on the arrival of the 2008. what really blew us away was that she went out of her way to check with their sales analyst to find there were two locations near us that still carried the hard to find 2007 sauvignon blanc. she also stated that she would keep an eye out for other bay area locations that would pop up on the radar. i just can't believe how friendly and helpful she was with us and to do that for us show us they really care. lynae is very good at what she does and be sure to ask for her when you visit this very underrated winery.
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2009,11/1/2009,726,863,25,26,26>Oh yes, people. It was a normal night out for me. Showed up two hours later than everyone else. (I'm commuting from Dublin; I run later now). I had a guy buy most of my drinks all night. Despite spilling my drink on him, he kept buying. My coat was not stolen. Then, the next morning, Michelle S. did her famous hungover walk of shame to the 19th St. BART station so that she could pick up her car in Rockridge. Oh Scorpion Bowls, I should hate you. You're kinda like that hot bad boy covered in tattoos who I know is no good for me and I cannot resist you anyway. Both of you bring the bad out of me. I should hate you. I want to say that I let more people have you than I did...but I am sure that I had more than my share. I understand why you are so large and full of high-octane booze though. I mean, four people sharing the same beverage and backwashing into it? That's kinda like making out with your three closest friends at the same time. I mean, I'm not judging if that is what y'all are into. Nonetheless, it kills the germies. (I work in a micro lab...cut me some slack.)I forgot how fun the Friday music nights were. The DJ is pretty cool and he usually makes sure that requests are met. He usually makes sure that all global music is played and that the only English words coming out of the speakers are "SEXY MOMMY." Sometimes he doesn't. I always get to hear Terror Fabulous' "Action" when I request it. Off nights, he plays Snoop Dogg. However, you and I both know that I love me some Snoop; I won't complain about it.The bar is on the "cozy" side. The mojitos are some of the best that I have found outside Miami and The Keys. (That's a compliment. For serious.) The specials are usually pretty good. It's fun to eat the Italian food from downstairs up in the tiki bar. And, well, the Scorpion Bowls are high-octane.
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2009,10/31/2009,378,165,27,29,25>Okay fellow Yelpers , we need to throw a Thank You party for Greg G.for being the first to review Yo! Philly's. Then we'll make him pay for our weight loss programs later. This Philly Sandwich is as good as it gets. Wit or Wit out the grilled onions. I had Wit And I had mine with Cheese Wiz. Oh my God, so good. The Wise brand BBQ chips were great Yo ! Philly's is owned by a very young entrepreneur, and I know he will be successful. He has the Sandwich down. Now there are no tables, so it's take out only. BUT, they do deliver with a $25.00 Minimum. Or take that prized sandwich over to the park and enjoy the weather in Alameda. He is soon going to get tables, for inside and out .The way I see it,..screw the Dog, she doesn't have to go everywhere I go.
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2009,10/30/2009,307,317,62,57,54>The first 3 times I tried to come here, I got tired of waiting for a table and left.  Yeah, OK, I never said I was the effin' Dalai Lama.  But the 4th time was the charm.  We found the secret to dining at Burma S. for you impatient types who - like me - think the world revolves around you and won't wait for a table in a restaurant. We put in our name at 7:30 Friday night, wrote in a cell phone number next to the name and went to the serene and beautiful Marc 49 just down the street, where we relaxed at the bar with a little wine and a truly excellent take-the-edge-off halibut ceviche.Despite being told it would be a 20 minute wait, it took 45 minutes for them to call, but we were satiated from the ceviche and the generous wine pours, and by 8:30 were happily looking at menus at Burma Superstar.The food is really quite good and you can tell that a ton of energy is devoted to creating dishes which grab you by the collar and scream, "I TASTE DAMN GOOD, DON'T I?"Just cause I know you're wondering, the Tea Leaf Salad is an incredible melange of contrasting flavors and textures and I thoroughly enjoyed it. However, I don't believe it gave me the promised extra 3 inches or ended the middle-east conflict, so don't believe ALL the hype.My only real complaint is the row of overly bright interrogation lamps hanging over the tables along the south wall. I kept waiting for someone in a dark suit to show up at my table and ask me pointed questions about my whereabouts the last 3 times I put my name on the list in here and then disappeared.
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2009,10/29/2009,723,405,21,26,24>3.5 - 4.5 for the Food 4.0 (solid) for service3.75 for Ambiance.It's difficult, not to really dig this place - which, by the way, I do.  I've eaten here twice in the last three weeks, and waddled out with a grin on my face on both occasions.  However:  It may seem that I'm skewing low on the stars or hedging - and I am; I'll tell you why:* The menu is enticing, hits some global high notes, and takes some delightful risks, but they don't always stick the landing.  Case in point:  Duck Pate Banh Mi (merging two of my great loves!) was an irresistible $5.  Who needs $4 Crappy Meals when you can have a sexy little sandwich at a sit-down restaurant with cloth napkins and a lit candle on your table?I loved the pate.  It was ducky, delicious, and light enough that the Caveman didn't say it was too... liver-y.  The pate was perfect; I've paid $15 for a pate appetizer alone at other restaurants, so this was a thrill, both budget-wise AND on my tastebuds.The banh mi concept is what got me down, though.  The bread was a sweet, tasty and light hot dog type bun that would have been best served as the edible wrapper for a lobster roll - which I was hoping to score, but had to wait until my subsequent visit to enjoy.  I'll get to it.  The daikon was not tangy - and it was just a thickish slice, which made consuming half of this bad-boy a little tough to negotiate.  But I managed.  The Cadet wolfed down the other half of this sammie and was literally begging for another one.  There was cilantro in the sammie, but the taste didn't carry through; add that to a really anemic slice of daikon, and it missed the defining "umami" that comes through in a genuine banh mi.  That said, serve me a portion of this duck pate with some mustard and cornichons, and I won't bitch - my mouth will be too full of fabulous duck pate.  *  An order of the "fries with eyes" (smelt) served with green goddess dressing were barely battered, which is a good thing.  We prefer our friture to be crispy and not so "bendy". * Bowl o' Cheeks was $4 from the bar menu and the textures were unexpectedly... like scallops; very mild tasting, and striated like the adductor muscle of a scallop (that's the white thing most people eat).  An inquiry with our server revealed that they were monkfish cheeks.  Fun, very mild in taste... served with aioli.  *  18 Oysters: Chef's choice during Happy Hour - $1.00 a pop - I slurp, therefore I am.  Bliss.  BLISS!!!*  Steamed Savoury Clams w/ white beans and basil aioli ($13) with two or three slices of grilled bread, to sop up the juice.  This, we didn't love.  The clams were a bit overdone; the juice was not as flavorful as I'd hoped; it was rather bland, actually.  The chorizo was a good call... very porky - but not the overall dish wasn't coherent.  I also hated the presentation: it was served in an oversized stainless steel mixing bowl.  Maybe they ran out of serviceware, I don't know.  We just kind of picked at this selection; I don't recommend it.*  WHITE CLAM CHOWDER ($9) garnished with bacon and parsley.  FABULOUS.  This ain't your tourist grade, killed with cream, ersatz clam chowder.  We almost ordered a second bowl.  The potatoes and onions were diced small and gave this chowder that "oomph" - right along with the broth component... an epiphany.  The bowl was dry.  DRY - when it was bussed.  Although, I don't really care that it's "garnished with parsley" - don't highlight the garnish, highlight the flawlessly executed chowder, itself!  The only thing I expected differently was that the bacon would be crisp and used as a true garnish - finishing the dish, right before presentation.  The bacon (rightly so) was an ingredient, immersed and distributed throughout... so it was a little chewy at times, but that's really just more of a quirk on my part than a criticism: don't call an ingredient a garnish, and who gives a hoot about the parsley garnish???*  Grilled Flat Iron Steak ($19) with hedgehog and maitake mushrooms, crosnes and green garlic puree.  This was tasty... but not fantastic.  Interesting textures, but it just didn't inspire me.  I pawned a lot of the super-rare (just as I ordered it) steak off on the Cadet.  He wolfed it down, picked at some of the mushrooms, but thought it was kind of a busy dish.  I agree.  *  Mini Lobstah Roll ($12) with house made potato chips, pickles and slaw.  Stopped in for a dozen oysters + the lobstah roll on a separate and completely impromptu visit.  Okay.  THIS is what the hot dog roll is supposed to do - it shouldn't be pulling double duty in the quasi banh mi arena.  The roll was toasted in sweet buttah, and filled with a perfect portion of "just lobstah, sauteed in sweet buttah".  And brushed with sweet buttah, before presentation.The lobstah was YUMMY - moist, tender and not assaulted with anything else but buttah, just the way Cheesus intended it to be. Hallelujah!
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2009,10/28/2009,463,976,16,18,18>I was super impressed by this garden.  35 acres of plant life that is subdivided into regions of the world - Asia, Mediterranean, Eastern North America, South America, Mexico/Central America, Africa, and Australasia.  It also has a rose garden, Chinese herb garden, plants from around California, and aquatic and carnivorous plants.  The carnivorous plants section were my fave even though the exhibit was a bit small.  Great place to take visitors on a beautiful day!$7 entrance fee but UC Berkeley students are free.There's a parking lot with a small fee.
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2009,10/27/2009,382,382,14,12,12>Apologies to Queen in advance for what I'm about to do to their infamous song....and props to Henry S who submitted a request...took me long enough to find a place worthy of that song:Buddy you're a treat, gonna taste sweetMy tummy you will meet, gonna take a big bite to-dayI've got crumbs on my faceA big disgraceChompin' that bundt all over the place Bundt cakes, yeah, bundt cakes will rock you (echo: rock you)And guess what...they did.  Nothing Bundt Cakes totally rocked my world.  They are moist, delicious and focus less on the frosting (like cupcakes) and more on the cake (my personal opinion is that b/c there is less frosting, you are entitled to eat more).  And they give out free samples so while you shell out the big bucks for as many bundts as you can carry, you at least get to ingest free calories of deliciousness because everyone knows that eating bundt samples while standing up doesn't count!Went to this location in the very barren Tralee shopping center the other day.  My mission was to buy dessert for dinner at Betty D's.  I picked up 2 bundlets (1 red velvet and 1 cinnamon) and then tried to restrain myself from trying to sneak bites in the car and telling my dinner companions, oh yeah, they came like that....Favorite bundlet turned out to be the cinnamon one, which we heated up on suggestion from the Bundt Master at the counter...yes it tasted like a cinnamon roll.  Loved that cinnamon one, but the red velvet was for me...just okay.  Don't get me wrong, I ate it anyway, but next time I would skip that flavor and go for the lemon or the marble.So the bundts are expensive but these baby bundlets are $3.99 a piece and so freakin cute....It's not "Love at First Bite" yelp.com/biz/love-at-fir… but I would come here again in a heart beat....Here's hoping that bundts will rock your world like they've rocked mine!
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2008,10/26/2009,433,446,10,14,13>I found myself walking down the "seedy" part of Minna with my crew.Then the guys and I were in the Transbay terminal looking very out of place.From that to dancing in an apartment on Broadway with my daughters.Moments later I was kissing this sexy woman in a stairwell.Before we knew it we were standing in the middle of Franklin & Broadway with people honking and cars driving by.And that was only the first 2 hours of the day.This is a wedding day with Craig Merrill as your photographer.  And you will enjoy every minute of it.2500 pictures taken, 400 keepers, and about 200 first class top-notch quality shots.  And you get all of them on CD's.Craig likes B&W, Reservoir Dogs, and spontaneity. Only 4 stars because one of the 14 CD's was blank and I still haven't received it.  When I get it, he goes to 5 stars - instantly.
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2009,10/25/2009,564,188,24,24,24>This past week, I got my Ethiopian food cherry popped by none other than Miss Ligaya.  Since it was my *very first time*, I let her take the reigns and surprise me.  What arrived on the table soon after was a very, very large round plate, and a little wicker bowl full of spongy looking rolls called injera.As Ligaya would explain it to me, she had ordered a veggie combo, which consisted of about 10 different glops of dip, and she added on a bowl of kitfo, which was a minced beef sauce.  The little spongy rolls were to be unrolled, torn and dipped into the sauces.  And there were no plates or utensils.  Eating with my hands?  Suh-weet!  The injera was endless.  It just kept coming like rice at a Chinese place, or tortilla chips at a Mexican joint.Pretty much every glop of dip was tart.  Even the injera was tart, which is perfect, because I love tart!  Ligaya ordered the kitfo medium rare, and kept asking me, "Is it too raw for you?  Is it too spicy?  Should we order another dish for you?".  I thought it was totally fine, in fact, delicious.  When I later got home and Googled it, I found out that it's traditionally eaten spicier and RAW.  Now I really wanna go back and eat it the way it's suppose to be eaten; I LIKE IT RAW.There's nothing like delicious Ethiopian food being served to you by gorgeous Ethiopian woman in a quaint little elbow-to-elbow restaurant.  I know it was just last week, but I'm already craving it and can't wait to go back.  Darn it, Ligaya!
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2008,10/23/2009,133,439,9,12,10>Sweet jesus, if I've found another way to spend my money that isn't necessarily a NEED (as opposed to a WANT), this is it.  I am FOREVER picky, and FOREVER choosy about what I put in and on my body, and although I always admired the perfectly manicured nails of ladies around me, I was NEVER, EVER fond of artificial enhancements that included scary words such as DRILL, FILE, or possible INFECTION.  Sooo NOT pretty.  Thus, I never really did much in way of my nails...After getting my first taste of CalGel at Sakura Nail Spa in NYC (I LOVE, btw - you must stop by if you're in town), this is as close as you get on the West Coast. I've been waiting on writing a review for Bisou because I don't like giving false information to other Yelpers, and trust me... this is NOT false info, because I've been hooked to Bisou, thanks to my lovely nailist Keina :)!  Hi Keina! :DThe salon itself SMELLS good, is CLEAN, the bathroom is PINK (OMG, PINK!? PINK!!!!!!!) I haven't been here for a regular mani/pedi, but I can speak for the CalGel!  Whatever you'd like, Keina can most likely do.  She has a ton of designs for you to choose from, OR you can decided to challenge her (like me :D) and she will be happy to accommodate you...even if you are picky like me!CalGel is all organic, so you won't have to worry about messing up your nails - no drilling, NO filing, NO infection - your nails will have room to BREATHE.  Imagine that!Yay for pretty nails that last FIVE weeks?  I'm there!
<review# 1807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2009,10/22/2009,423,725,15,18,20>For years I've wanted to go to The Warehouse, hearing legends of hundreds of beers in a walk-in freezer.  I had visions in my mind of what such a place would look like, and some were true, some not, but my first visit to The Warehouse did not disappoint.  I don't know how some bikers manage to ride here and then go anywhere else without staying in The Burlington Hotel next door.  Limit yourself to one or two beers if you can if you plan on riding out of here through the twisty mountain road leading here.  And please, don't drink and drive, especially for the sake of the bikers who come here and for your own safety should you run into one.  Wouldn't want to be you . . . The beers, the polar bear, the haphazard layout, the outside porch with room for dogs to run around, the dilapidated decor, the trains going by just a hundred feet away or so, and the general good-natured recklessness of the place make me happy to be an American.  I hope to come back many times, hopefully with a bunch of friends in tow, hopefully to spend a lazy afternoon kicking it and not wake up the next morning feeling like hell with the wheels ridden off.Warehouse, long may you run, although these changes have come.  With your chrome heart shining in the sun, long may you run.
<review# 1808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2009,10/21/2009,197,86,15,15,10>Mmmmmmm I am eating a sticky honey danish with fresh roasted walnuts as I type! I know my laptop will not like me, but I will clean it after this review. Shannon dear this is for you! ;o0I've seen this place for years, but today was my 1st time ever stepping into this place with the Yelp sticker on the front of this door! Thanks for repping us "Yelp" in a good was Rosanna's. Yours eyes cascade to glass displays of various types of freshly baked cakes, strudel, danish, tiramisu cakes, cheese cakes, and other random goodness. It took me 5mins before I could pick what I wanted. The owner is very nice and does not rush you. I was able to bask in the delightfulness of sweet heavenly treats! I eventually got home, broke out the honey danish, and a glass of milk as I sit here and YELP YELP away! Shannon come over and taste the great treats of Rosanna's!
<review# 1809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2009,10/20/2009,107,131,17,14,14>Christmas was around the corner, and I had a two-week-old niece to buy something for.Um, the little thing can't even see yet. What difference does it make if I get her something?Alas, I have an undeserved reputation for hating kids, and my sister talks more trash than the Waste Management Authority. So off I went down Grand to find a present for tiny Victoria.WHAT THE... a Run DMC onesie?!?! Perfect!Silver Moon also had Wu-Tang onesies and bibs, along with lots of Oaklandish gear. I ended up buying the Run DMC and pink Oaklandish onesies. Once she fits into them, Victoria will be the coolest infant in Palm Springs.
<review# 1810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2009,10/19/2009,88,86,23,29,26>One of my favorite scenes from The Simpsons is when Bart is asked to say grace before dinner and he quite eloquently proclaims, "Dear god, we paid for all of this stuff ourselves, so thanks for nothing." Well, what Bart was missing, and most folks in America these days, is that none of us could be who we are and where we are without the contributions of so many others. Karma Kitchen, in its own humble way, seeks to address this lack of awareness and leave the diner with a sense of gratitude and generosity. Our handsome waiter seated Kelly C and her spouse, Angela B, and myself and explained that the previous party had made for us a gift of this meal we were about to be given. At the end of the meal, if we wished, we could pay it forward to a future guest by leaving an anonymous contribution in an envelope provided. We were served five courses of vegetarian Indian food with a choice of buttered or non-buttered naan, and our beverage choices were mango lassis or "lemon sparkle surprise". All but one of us were intrigued to find out what the surprise was in the lemon sparkle, and we were pleased to be drinking lemon juice, pomegranate juice and blueberry juice made a little more refreshing by adding sparkling mineral water. The food itself was fresh and organic and presented well. However, it was the mildest Indian food any of us have ever had in our lives. As we sampled each dish, all served in only the most modest of portions, we found ourselves talking in near whispers to one another. "This isn't very spicy for a curry dish." "Hmm. This is bland." "Did everybody get one meager spoonful of the garbanzo beans? There is one meager spoonful left." Why were we whispering like beggars? We certainly were not beggars. All five of us went with the express intention of "paying it forward", but yet we felt somehow as if we were on the receiving end of charity and we should not be choosy. Somehow by agreeing to engage in this experiment in gratitude we felt pressured to leave our criticisms at the door. Our handsome waiter, a volunteer for the day, returned to our table to refill our water glasses. We immediately stopped talking and smiled at him. "Is everything to your satisfaction?" He asked. "Oh yes. Yes, it's great!" We told him. As soon as he left we started in again. Now over the fact that we didn't care much for the meal, we moved onto the conundrum of "paying it forward"; the emphasis being on the "payment". "Personally, I am not going to pay more than it would have cost me to have a lunch special at any other Indian restaurant on this street," I said evenly. "I think that is reasonable." "Well, the portions were much smaller than any lunch special I've ever had anywhere" Kelly C. pointed out. "The food was pretty boring," Angela B put it bluntly. Just then the waiter returned to our table and took our dessert orders. When the desserts arrived, we dug in, and the creases were erased from our brows as we had finally found what we were grateful for. Kelly C's other half bit into a cherry pit, and the tone of the meal was permanently changed. "It's a pit," he said at first with wonder. Then, he repeated it again with delight. "Look," he said while showing off the pit he had removed from his mouth. "It's a home made pie. I thought it tasted home made." "This pie is very, very good. The crust is so flaky," Kelly said. Angela B and I lit up as well. We looked at each other and raved about the home made rice pudding. The waiter returned with the envelope, and now he looked even more handsome than ever. Hell, I was ready to propose marriage, or a motel room at least; my treat! Today the four of us were grateful, because we allowed ourselves to be placed in the position of a recipient, which in turn made us feel indebted. As Americans, we are unaccustomed to repaying the kindness of others. Mexicans we will someday deport pick our produce. Plants we will never know of go extinct so we can build tract housing. For a few moments today, despite our little voices, we felt confused and awkward about being obligated to repay the restaurants kindness. However, as it dawned on us just how much work was put into our meal, obligation was replaced with gratitude. All at once we felt interconnected with the people who made this meal possible. In turn, our social tie was strengthened and we wanted to also do our part. Suffice it to say when we filled the envelope we were being generous. Karma Kitchen is a successful experiment. It is more than just a nutritious meal, or a vegetarian hipster hot spot: it is an experience which teaches us that we are all dependent on each other and it is gratitude which will enable us to start finding ways to give back goodness to the world and to one another.http://www.flickr.com/photos/jrobert484/33­20849755/ flickr.com/photos/jrober…
<review# 1811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2009,10/18/2009,506,510,11,14,10>I finally was able to have my Pinball Fix. After reading about this place on YELP  I found Pinball Utopia. I only thought bowling alleys had the pinball machines.Ju Ju Pinball is located behind the closed down Tillie's diner off of Webster Street.  There are 2 main rooms and one small one with pinball machines wall to wall. Two rooms have the newer machines such as The Addams Family, Flash Gordon, Indiana Jones and Star Trek and these games have special lights, moving features and sound effects. One of the rooms has the older machines such as Royal Flush and the Joker which are more of the knock down the objects with bumpers for points. The older machines are the ones from the golden era of Neptune beach. These machines TILT very easy so you cannot get excited and throw body english into it.  Watch those hips.For music they have a jukebox with music from the 50's, 60's and 70's.The coverage charge is $10.00 for adults and $5.00 for children. They are open until midnite on Fri and Sat nite with in and out privileges.
<review# 1812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2009,10/17/2009,1211,478,63,31,34>Me:  Hey Grace Y., I think I want to get something pierced today, you want to come?Grace Y:  Hrm..alright!The piercer, Sin, sure knows the way to my heart, first he said my belly was nice and flat and that made me blush.  Then he said, Asian girls with freckles are hot.Omg.Then Grace Y. took off her shirt off and I got to see her boobies.5 stars.Sin is very detailed in his work and his piercing technique is something that I'm not used to, with this whole breathing togetherness, Grace mentioned that it was like we were having a baby together.
<review# 1813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2008,10/16/2009,263,163,13,16,18>Lake Merritt (aka "The Jewel of Oakland") - another Bay Area landmark which holds special memories of my childhood.  Those wonderful days Grandpa took me and my brothers here to play.  Those moments as a child where I was playing sports here, feeding the ducks, or getting myself in trouble 'cause I refused to wear any clothes in the summertime- "problem child."    The lake can be symbolic for many in so many different ways.  For some, it's where you build your childhood memories at Children's Fairyland, or it's where you had your wedding pics taken, or a romantic ride on the gondola with that special someone, or running your first 5K. As for me, Lake Merritt will forever carry on a special childhood memory of my Grandpa.  And, my latest to add to that memory lane is running my fastest 5K ever and snatching that 2nd place spot in the running event!  I'm going country with my song review. I told y'all, I'll cover all genres of music did I not? "Hello again, it' you and me.Kinda always like it used to be. Lake Merritt, killin' time. Creating life's memories.You wanna make a memory."
<review# 1814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2009,10/15/2009,251,652,18,18,20>Let it never be doubted, farmer's markets are for lovers.  Take the domestic task of shopping for the week (the barbeque, the afternoon hike, what have you) and add on the momentary joy of sharing some food on a sunny patch, watching the day go by.Well, recently, I decided to start dating myself.The reasons for this are obvious.  I'm awesome.  I say really cheeky things only a few minutes out of sync with the appropriate moment.  I people-watch like a pro.  I have impeccable taste.  I am scary good at mind reading.  I am not too shabby at cooking and really polite when someone puts ugly and just OK tasting food in front of my face.  I keep a good perspective and can calm almost anyone down.  I criticize constructively.  I have great stories about my observations and precocious children.  Ad nauseum...Today I took myself to the farmer's market.  I talked myself out of an inappropriate "summer scarf."  I also reminded myself that I didn't have a way to carry that pot of cilantro home.  After we got some "closing of the market special - $1 off" Thai food, we went to a hilly patch of grass, which is were all the other couples sit.  The grass was only a mild stain-danger, the sunshine felt like therapy, the curry was mediocre, and we scoffed at the inappropriate levels of PDA between two equally unattractive lovers in uncomfortable proximity.  We both got hit on at the same time, by the same guy, with the same tempting "hey there sweet lady."Awesome.And we noticed that this farmer's market has more variety in hot food than the Temescal one, peddles kettle corn, and is not tainted with former-lover-stain.Awesome.
<review# 1815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2009,10/14/2009,704,190,26,22,21>I am on a serious quesadilla kick right now. Serious like Beyonce's dramatic over-the-top tribute to MJ at her shows ("MICHAEL I CAN SEE YOUR HALOOOOO I PRAY IT WON'T FADE AWAYYYYY"). Serious like my dad filing for bankruptcy because he was in major debt from too much Infomercial purchases (a singing mug, battery operated Xmas lights for your dashboard, the Ab-Roller, the Ab-Rocker, the Ab-Rock&Roller, etc.) made with his 29 credit cards.Serious like the distended belly of a malnourished child from a third-world country.The kick is that serious.I'm too lazy to cook quesadillas on my own even though, yes, I know, they are ridiculously cheap and easy to make, but I've been craving quesadillas for lunch every day. I've been trying out different joints: Mexican restaurants in the Mission, the old ones in Oakland, random taco trucks, and even some Americanized fast food places. They're all pretty much the same - greasy, floury tortillas, mildly sharp melted cheese, choice of meat, and sometimes pico de gallo or another kind of salsa.That is, until... EL SENOR BURRITO.They rub a bit of some refried beans inside the tortilla before sprinkling all the ingredients on top, and this, in combination with the already cheesy, greasy, weezy quesadeezy, creates an amazing explosion of a Mexican wedding complete with a mariachi band, dancing around the sombrero and four piñatas, ALL INSIDE YOUR MOUTH.They also have unlimited refills on sodas, salads AND aguas fresca de tamarindo, jamaica y horchata! Que bueno!
<review# 1816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2009,10/13/2009,389,574,20,16,15>It was my first time and I was a little nervous.  Well.  Actually I was a lot nervous.  You know how your friends talk.  I was okay with the touching part, but really worried that it was going to hurt.  It's all about who you're with though and thank G-d I had such friendly, caring and communicative people at my side.  I had no pain at all.  They were so great that I wasn't worried a bit when I came a second time.  You know I'm talking about mammograms right?  I highly recommend the staff at NorCal in Concord, which is right next to the John Muir campus.  And be sure to go early in your cycle ladies.  That is very key to the pain factor.  If I had to get an MRI, XRay, Ultrasound or any of that imaging stuff...I'd head straight to NorCal.
<review# 1817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2009,10/12/2009,190,446,6,10,11>If you are near the new Fox Theater or anywhere near a BART station, come check Somar out!  If you take the right set of stairs at 19th St BART, you come out across the street from Somar's door.  Ultra convenient location.  This alone makes it a must try.  Also,  the Fox Theater is down the sidewalk.  This seems like a great pairing.  Come for one, visit both!Let's get to it.  Somar is smooth.  It's swank but doesn't try too hard.  They have a cool "come as you are" attitude, which is well suited for Oakland. Oakland is home to a little of everyone, and that's what they want at Somar.The decor is welcoming and contemporary.  Just classy enough.  I loved it.  The staff was great too.  An eclectic bunch, worked hard, and friendly.  They carry a full bar, a few hand picked draft beers, specialty drinks of the house, and a few wines.Really, come by.  You'll be glad you did.
<review# 1818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2009,10/11/2009,833,1145,16,15,16>In the Harry Potter series, there is a Room of Requirement that appears at a seemingly blank portion of a wall in a certain hallway if you happen to be in trouble and desire a room specific to your needs. For example, when Harry desperately needed to hide something, a room full of junk appeared. When he needed a headquarter for Dumbledore's Army, a training room appeared equipped with weapons.I was in need of some good bread that afternoon and La Farine appears out of thin air as I approached the next street corner. There was everything I needed inside: chocolates, cupcakes, pastries, buns, and breads. Everything is moderately priced, but I only ended up biking a rustic baguette to the park in the end. Good thing that unlike the Room of Requirement, this bakery will not be disappearing anytime soon.
<review# 1819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2009,10/10/2009,380,441,17,20,19>another great, cheap diner in el cerrito. the place is tiny, but they have a lot of seats at the counter and a few tables to the side. the bathroom is also tiny, but surprisingly clean as hell for a local diner. their menu is listed above the counter, but they still have someone come around to take your order. the service was fine and the food was prepared quickly and right in front of you by the counter.i ordered the chicken sandwich(of course). it was big and delicious and healthy-looking. they have a wide assortment of hot sauce. like heaven on earth.. we shared an order of the chili-cheese fries. they were awesome, although i would have preferred shredded cheese as opposed to 2 slices right on top. we should have gotten 2 orders because we were racing to get as many fries as we could :P the fries were crispy and the chili was chunky and delicious.i had a couple bites of the coffee cake for desert and it was also very good. the walnuts in it were perfect. two people ate, and got full, for $20. how can you beat that on a beautiful sunday afternoon?
<review# 1820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2009,10/9/2009,301,844,17,13,15>There are plenty of down-sides to being single on Valentine's Day. However, there are a few benefits, too, especially as a guy. Primarily, I didn't have to lay out a small fortune on flowers, cards, chocolates, or most expensively, a fancy dinner for two. Consequently, I felt perfectly decadent and justified to treat myself to an indulgent breakfast for one this morning.The food was just as wonderful as my past couple visits. (I was mildly disappointed, but not surprised, when they wouldn't share the recipe for the made-from-scratch Hollandaise sauce.) It was a nice touch to discover that complimentary refills of regular coffee are available after ordering any coffee drink - having my mocha cup topped off was excellent. Valentine's Day is supposed to be about love, and Royal Cafe' reminded me of my love for it and for myself. A worthwhile day, indeed.
<review# 1821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2009,10/8/2009,69,191,13,18,15>Another fabulous picnic at Ardenwood Historic Farm.This is such a mellow, gentle, funfilled place that I hesitate to tell anyone about this gem of a picnic spot.  Geographically, it works if you have family that is spread around the bay area, everyone can take the various highways that seem to meet up right there... Dumbarton Bridge, 880...  it all comes together there.  You do have to pack your picnic stuff in, but there are many possibilities of places to eat.  Our big group favors the picnic area by the small cafe (that never seems to be open), because it has both sunlight and shade.  There are many, many clean bathrooms to be had.One of the best parts of a working farm, is having Mom and Dad talk about how they grew up on a farm just like this.  There are house tours of the "big" house, blacksmithing demos, train rides, big horse, tons of peacocks and lots of flora and fauna.  If you have gardeners in your family, they will appreciate the work and detail it takes to keep this area looking so lush and taken care of.There is a big grassy area (perfect for hiding easter eggs), a gazebo, orchards and train tracks.  Something for everyone.  After our picnic, everyone went off in twos and threes to explore the farm.  It was great to meet up again for dessert.  Everything is SO mellow at this park, we left our picnic for a full hour and nobody bothered anything (and those younger kiddos even left a couple of ipods lying around... but I don't suggest that!)The vibe is cool, lots of young children, but hey, tons and tons of space for them to shriek and scream and just explore.  I heartily applaud their parents for taking them someplace that is kid appropriate (rather than next to me at a restaurant).I hope that you get the same great weather that we did today:  warm and sunny, with a slight cooling breeze.  Beware, however, the park does close at 4pm... usually way before everyone is ready to go.
<review# 1822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2009,10/7/2009,264,294,16,19,19>Shan Dong is one of the few northern-style Chinese restaurants in Chinatown.  Usually my beef with northern-style restaurants in the area is that the food is really greasy.  That's not the case with Shan Dong.The handmade noodles and regular noodles are all delicious, as are the dumplings.  I'm not sure I've had anything I didn't like, and the prices are dirt cheap.I try to be stingy with my five stars, but the service at Shan Dong puts them over the top.  Not just for Chinatown service standards, but any service standards.  I have never seen my boyfriend more elated than the day he discovered that they deliver.  And they deliver FAST.  After placing an order over the phone, our food was brought to his apartment in less than 20 minutes!The real kicker was when he told David, "We know that our customers are very hungry and want their food quickly.  So, it's a competition among us to see who can get food to our customers the fastest."  WIN.
<review# 1823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2009,10/6/2009,412,187,41,26,30>Colonialism was a bitch. People basically raped other countries and cultures for centuries and paved the way for a globalized market and the neo liberal economy that oh so f*ed us today.The upside is that we have Vietnamese sammiches =) And when made right like they do at Banh Mi Ba Le... then it's a really nice consolation prize.If those monsiers hadn't invaded and made French Indochina in the 19th century  we wouldn't have Miss Saigon, drip coffee, Apocalypse Now (you have to admit that was a pretty good movie. Me love you long time!), adult film actress Katsuni and Banh Mi Ba Le. Located on a semi perilous stretch on International/E 14... you have to run fast to avoid scrappers from mowing you down. I visited for the 1st time a few weeks ago and was in awe. I unwrapped my $2.75 product of colonialism and started going at it in the car. BAD IDEA. Please children, do not, I repeat DO NOT EAT THIS SANDWICH IN THE CAR. The fillings are so delicious and the french roll so soft yet crusty that you will swerve like you was sippin on some sizzurp. And that's exactly what I did.... right in front of Oakland's Finest. Yes, my hungry ass was getting pulled over. The sirens came on and I knew the drill.... flash a smile, bat an eyelash, unbutton the top few on my blouse and I'd be good to go. I looked in the mirror and realized this would not be the case. I woke up late and ran out the house looking like a hobo clown and was COVERED by the crumbs of my sandwich. MOTHERFUCKER! I was the prom night bastard lovechild of Little Orphan Annie and the Cookie Monster. When the cop finally pulled up, I rolled down my window and tried to explain. To this day, I believe I am the only one in the history of Oakland... nay, the world to get let off a traffic citation with the excuse "So I was eating this delicious sandwich........."So in short... if the French hadn't taken control over Vietman after the Franco-Chinese War.... overlapping 2 distinct cultures and ameliorating  gastronomically to create this delicious sandwich..... that couldn't have been sold to me for $2.75 without the low cost labor of the cilantro picked by poor villagers El Salvador, mayo genetically produced from a lab in Germany and meat from South American pigs... then I wouldn't have gotten out of a traffic ticket?!?Shit, I'm lost. If a butterfly flaps it's wings across the world?!? If Marge marries Arty, I'll never be born!?Um whatevs. We live in a globalized time, I will drink the Kool aid. Or in this case, eat the sandwich. *sings* She's got the whole world in her hands (while cradling a banh mi)
<review# 1824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2009,10/5/2009,219,290,34,24,26>Have you ever experienced real love? The kind of love that even after a long hard day, not wanting to disappoint you, will do what you ask because it will make you happy? This little act of kindness fills you with such warmth and fullness? Let me tell you, this is the kind of love the Guadalajara Taco Truck gives me. After leaving last call, my friends and I ran down to the trucks on 22nd and E. 14th only to find an empty lot. I then drove down towards Fruitvale and found the Guadalajara truck turning into it's parking lot  for the night. I asked them if they would let me order some tacos and was ready for rejection only to hear him say, "No problem." Two words had never filled me with more joy. Isn't it obvious? I love the Guadalajara Taco Truck and it loves me...  every single loving bite of goodness!For all those of you who mentioned gunshots... you're all PUSSIES!
<review# 1825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2009,10/4/2009,212,286,12,13,13>Came here the other day to try out some pastries. I got me a apricot/apple/kiwi/strawberry cream cheese danish. static.px.yelp.com/bphot…  I have to say that was a really good danish. The fruits brought out the sweetness instead of the cream cheese. The danish crust was very flaky and buttery. But what i liked best was the almond croissant. Wow it was just out of this world. Almond spread on the inside and almonds sprinkled on top. Very delicious.I will be back to try out some new stuff next time. Service was great, the lady here is real nice and quick.4 Stars for Black & White Bakery in Hayward
<review# 1826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2008,10/3/2009,184,198,15,26,21>I'm often intrigued by the disparity between reviewers' perspectives on a place like this.  Seems like folks love it or hate it.  I've been coming here for about 30 years, I think, and I love its funky-folksy feel.  Having lived through the 70's and 80's, when most hot tub places were just glorified motel rooms, and having worked at a fairly notorious one on University Avenue (which was in itself a grand education for a young lass, especially when it came to what we fished out of the tubs and cleaned off the sheets), I am to the point where I prefer a less sleazy vibe.  This place and Piedmont Springs remain my go-to spots for a quick dip in the hot water.I had gotten a friend a gift certificate a while back, and he was gracious enough to share it with me.  I hadn't been in a while, and I was very impressed by how nicely we were served.  They didn't have the combo sauna-tub area available at the time we were there, so offered us an extra half hour, beginning with sauna, giving us nice big sheets in which to wrap up like decadent Romans (oh wait, that's redundant), and carried our belongings from one room to the other.  I hadn't been in these particular rooms before, and loved the very Euro-vibe of the up-stairsteps sauna benches, and the string-pull cold shower once you were up there.  There was also a regular shower, of course, in both rooms, and in the hot tub, you could press a button and get pummeled by water coming out of a big pipe just above the center.  Great for those aching muscles.  A serious place, less for canoodling than for therapy.  Still, where there's a will...If you are put off by things like a little peeling paint and patched redwood, this isn't the spot for you, but if you like it a little Euro/retro, you'll feel like a million bucks when you leave.  They also have nice European skin and massage products for sale.  As for the service, and people's complaints - they've always been very sweet to me.  I've got to wonder if it isn't one's own rudeness that reaps a certain attitude; yeah, I'm talking to you, one- & two-star reviewers!
<review# 1827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2009,10/2/2009,424,1322,13,18,19>I have been using the tune from Neil Diamond's "Sweet Caroline" switching Caroline for Adeline for the last couple of days mostly because I will be singing the praises of this bakery for months (and maybe years) to come.My wonderful step-mom Toni had a milestone birthday last week and her party was on Saturday. Since every birthday (unless a person does not eat sugar/sweets) should have a cake with candles, I worked with my Dad on getting a cake for Toni. He and I chatted over Facebook while searching Yelp, ruling out Katrina Rozelle (too expensive), La Farine (too limited in cake options) and came up with this perfect place. We both pulled up their cake menu and then my Dad left the rest up to me. From the moment I called, I knew this place would be great. I ordered a 1/4 sheet of the The Americana (dark chocolate, Devil's-Food-style cake filled and iced with creamy dark chocolate ganache). I told them what I wanted the cake to say, that Toni loved purples and that someone would be picking it up on Friday (not sure who at the time of ordering). I gave them my credit card number and then didn't think or worry about the cake again. My Dad worked with Toni's best friend Nina on the pickup and storing (lack of fridge space for either of us) and when Nina walked in with the cake, she expressed how pleased she was with the way it looked. I peeked and I too couldn't get over how pretty and elegant it looked. No muss, no fuss. My Dad took pictures of the cake which I hope he posts or forwards to me to post, and after Toni blew out the candles, and the cake was served I tasted the cake. OMG-delicious, moist, chocolaty but not overpowering. Fresh ingredients were used for sure, not like the nasty cake I had from Danville Bakery, and had I known how great the cake was from here, I might have used them for my wedding cake instead of Katrina Rozelle and saved a pretty penny (though KR has phenomenal cake)! Maybe the cake for my daughter's Bat Mitzvah in January will come from here....YUM YUM YUM!!!
<review# 1828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2009,10/1/2009,231,1069,17,22,21>Once in a while I'll crave for sushi rolls and this place has never let me down. I wanted to revisit them to remind myself what good service was all about, but also to put them against my sushi matrix with which was designed to keep my reviews honest about my Japanese food ventures. With all the Cal students gone, it was easy for me to grab a table without having to sit at the bar. I ordered the 1 Lucky Danny roll ($13.95), a pair of sawara ($4.25) and toro albacore ($5.25). My Lucky Danny was a sizable roll with veggie and shrimp tempura, and spicy crab meat to fill the core to go with salmon, avocado, and tobiko at the top. It came beautifully presented and I thought the shrimp tempura was lightly fried to perfection with just enough kick from the spicy crab meat to give my palate a ride. The salmon pieces were fresh and buttery, and the light sauce drizzled atop was decorative and unintrusive. The crunchy, sweet and savory elements all played their parts in defining the taste of luck--as I need all the luck I can get these days. I only wished the fresh crab could be more generous and apparent.I thought my pair of sawara was a little fishy but the toro albacore was really outstanding. The cuts were generous in equal sizes and together the meal was enough to fill me up. That toro albacore was memorable and was something I would love to have again.All together, here is how my dinner fared:1.) Quality and freshness: I thought the quality of fish was above average. It's not ultra fresh or mind blowing but it was reliable and tasteful. I thought the side of salad was over-dressed and the miso was decent: 3.5 stars.2.) Creativity and presentation: They were really good at blending the colors of their sushi rolls to go with the décor: 5 stars.3.) Quantity and substance: Portions were generous and usually I had to order another nigiri in order to get full: 4.5 stars.4.) Accessibility and affordability: Price was high for the Lucky Danny and the nigiri pieces weren't the cheapest when compared to the likes of Minami and Rumble Fish. I didn't order their uni because they were charging $7 at market price: 2 stars.5.) Service and ambiance: There were four young servers who were friendly and they checked on me frequently to make sure my needs were met: 5 stars.Good roll, reliable fish, 4 stars for the overall experience.
<review# 1829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2009,9/30/2009,133,165,18,16,19>Have you ever happened upon a place and felt like Dorothy awaking to the color portion of the Wizard of Oz, like before you realized you missed your Auntie Em and some wicked witch was trying to steal your new hot shoes?  And the place happened to be a winery that offered a wide delicious selection, amongst complimentary fresh fruit, picnic tables, cheese and bread, toys for the kids, two adorable friendly dogs, a hammock and an entertaining chicken coup?  And given this wonderland-esq atmosphere at the said location, you and your girlfriends, who are equally enthralled, accidentally drink a bit too much wine?  Or alot too much wine?And accidentally act like wild buffoons....unintentionally scaring off neighboring patrons and their children thus making it impossible for you and your girlfriends to ever return...unless of course you endure a major appearance change requiring a gain/or loss of 50 lbs, full alternative hair dye job including eyebrows and lashes and of course plastic surgery.  Well hypothetically speaking, if such a thing were to happen during a visit here it would be such a shame because this is a diamond in the collection of gems of Livermore wineries.
<review# 1830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2009,9/29/2009,577,823,7,12,11>I love me some Indian food and when the boss says do you want to go to lunch and suggests we go to House of Curries, I'm all in!What I like best about HoC is that it is so unassuming. You walk in and all the tables have numbers on them but you dont sit down and place your order with a server... you go to the counter and they bring your order to you. You are also responsible for grabbing your own silverware, water pitcher and glasses. If you ordered too much food you'll be scooping it up and putting it in your own to-go box that you have to get right next to the silverware and napkins.The food: I've eaten my way up and down this menu and always make sure to get one of the specials of the day when I order. You'll find them tacked above the wall leading to the dining room. Note, this is behind you when you are ordering. Everything from the chicken curry to the stuffed naan bread to the samosas are all some of the best in East Bay. Enjoy!
<review# 1831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2008,9/28/2009,252,388,14,22,20>We turn off the road onto a gravel drive and it was obvious we were not in Napa!! Our car alerted a woman in the main house to come over to the tasting room to help us. When I looked at the tasting menu I wondered how good the wine was going to be when I see a $4 Hillside Red and Hillside White. $4...for a bottle of wine? $4?!!?!? How can it be good? We started our tasting with the Hillside Red and White. You know what? It was good, it was really, really good. The red was a great daily wine, a great wine to drink after a day of work or take to a BBQ at a friends house. The white was perfect for cooking, not too sweet, not too dry. We bought a mixed case between everyone in the party which brought the price down to a whopping $3.40 a bottle.Alright Viano -- bring it on!The Reserve Selection Wines were even better. The Sand Rock Hill Zinfandel, the Vintage Zinfandel Port, the Late Harvest Zinfandel oh my (nothing over $20!!!). I could have stayed there all day savoring the wine.As we drink the wine we are informed about the farm. They have hundreds of acres in Martinez which the family has been making wine since around 1920. They have done a great job keeping the wine flavorful, having a wide variety of tastes, and keeping the price down. In the end I left with 2 Hillside Reds, 2 Hillside Whites, and a Late Harvest Zinfandel ($15/bottle). There is a tasting fee for the Reserve Wine tasting but not charged if you buy wine.Skip Trader Jo's and spend the time for a drive to Martinez, you will not be disappointed!
<review# 1832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2008,9/27/2009,523,699,20,21,24>Although Mike Z and I have never actually "officially" met, we have managed to be in each other's vicinity on a couple of occasions, much like ships passing in the night...apparently ne'er the twain shall meet.Although there is a possibility that Mike may be a homicidal maniac in person, I trust him implicitly when it comes to places that he has reviewed on Yelp.  So when I started thinking about finding a vet, I saw Mike's review, consulted Mike in a highly technical manner (compliments), and bookmarked it for future reference.  Unfortunately, I had to put that bookmark into use recently.  My 11 year old kitty, who for the most part is in pretty good health (despite having a belly that swings back and forth when he runs and an unfortunate habit of peeing on shoes), recently started losing hair on his chin and getting little kitty sores.  As his "mommy," I of course freaked out (did he have kitty cancer?  was his chin going to fall off?  did I fail him as a kitty mom?)...until I called Montclair Veterinary Hospital.  They got me in really quickly, and Dr. Lynn took plenty of time explaining to me that my cat probably wasn't going to die, but will have to suffer embarassment for a week by getting antibiotics shoved down his throat, have warm compresses applied, and wear a cone around his head.  I was in and out in no time at all, didn't spend too much money, and also managed not to get a parking ticket.I also like how they have separate waiting areas for the dogs and the other pets.  I personally like dogs, my kitty...not so much.  One thing I would like to mention is that the facilities are as not as state of the art as some I've encountered, but they do have an online "pet portal" where I can request refills and make appointments.  Very helpful.***One thing I would like to mention***There is a BEAUTIFUL siamese kitty up for adoption that is in the waiting room.  She is gorgeous and seems really friendly, and is about 6 years old.  I would totally take her if I wasn't one cat away from becoming a crazy cat lady.
<review# 1833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2009,9/25/2009,429,327,27,31,35>Pssstt...you.  Yeah, you.   Can I let you in on a secret?  It starts with:   "S"TEAMED P.E.I. MUSSELS with Shallots, pernod, cream & tarragon topped with airy shoestring potatoes;"I"n between, stand:"D"EVILED EGGS crowned high with Dungeness Crab and whole grain mustard stuffing; a not so"E"veryman's"B"URGER "A"dorned with your choice of Cheddar, Gruyere or Maytag Blue cheese.   or   One.  Fried.  Egg.   Finished with"R"oasted peppers & Bacon Vinaigrette tossed Grilled Calamari Salad.  It's SIDEBAR.  And It's  G     O     O    D.
<review# 1834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2009,9/24/2009,575,224,45,32,35>It's 2 AM. The evening is capping to a close, and after a wonderfully action filled night, we (Rachel H. and Debbie L.) have inebriated munchified bellies that must be satiated.  Given the choices in the El Cerrito area, I recommend Daimo since it's open until 3 AM. This gives us about 15 minutes to be ignored (What? You come to late night Chinese for service? GTFO!), 5 minutes of waiting for our food (Their staff is mighty and efficient), 10 minutes of eating in silence  (Only smacking and slurping noises are acceptable), and, oh yes, another 2 minutes to get the bill (They want their money. Go up to the counter and just ask for it). In and out in 32 minutes! A stellar calculation considering I am in no position to make executive decisions. Given this precise efficiency to filling up your stomach from "I'm going to ralph if I don't eat" to "I'm going to barf duck," I find it difficult so many people hate on Daimo. So...*Dons on cape and mask* Like a super hero who proudly swells out his chest and does the V pose with his arms, I come to rescue Daimo from all the sad reviews I have seen.Dun dun nu NUHHHH!!!!! *Points to the duck* static.px.yelp.com/bphot… Check out the muscular definition of that duck! It looks like a scene out of the movie 1800 abs! That fatty skin is just waiting for you to consume it's 800 calorie per bite goodness! Didn't you want grease to cut the alcohol in your stomach anyways?*Shoots lasers out of eyes to point at* Honey Walnut Prawns! static.px.yelp.com/bphot… Yes, it's kind of covered in mayo and not what your parents would order, but given the fact that a single jumbo jack has twice as much egg white and oil mixture,  these fried prawns are a tasty alternative treat.*Deflects haterade and produces*  Clams with Black Bean Sauce! static.px.yelp.com/bphot… These yummy, succulent, and salty sea creatures were put on this earth for you and me to enjoy. Even pescatarians can rejoice to this dish. *Faster than a speeding train, CNY is upon us so we eat* Yin Yang Fried Rice! static.px.yelp.com/bphot… My parents used to always order this dish to celebrate an occasion when I lived in NYC, so what better way to ring in the Year of the Ox than introducing the creamy goodness of the shimp side, combined with the sweet tangy tomato flavor of the chicken portion? You simply mix the two together (in your own rice bowl, not in the main dish), and what you have a complex and delicious combination of flavors that should only be shared with people you care about.*Takes off cape and uses it as a napkin to finish with*  Crab and Fish Soup! static.px.yelp.com/bphot… Although this came out first, it should be used as a finishing touch. There were nice crab chunks inside and not much starch to solidify the soup. The fish was a little bit sparse, but I'd rather have more crab in my soup than fish any day!*Removes super hero mask* Superman antics aside, seriously, this type of feast for late night dining is quite rare. I've been back for regular meals as well, and I've never been disappointed because I know what to expect. *Puts back on pink tights/speedos and cape* But if you don't know, now you know!!*Vanishes into the night out of embarrassment because I'm such a geek I used asterisks to describe everything. No thanks to you, Debbie L!* *shifty eyes*
<review# 1835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2009,9/23/2009,832,283,78,64,68>When I was seven years old, I watched The Sound of Music for the first time. Right then and there, I decided that I wanted to be a nun when I grew up. Fortunately, one day I grew up and discovered agnosticism, Bill Maher, and of course, lofasz. When I was sixteen, I saw a documentary on slaughterhouses and decided that I would give up eating mammals. I had my last bite of red meat that spring, when I traveled to visit a Puerto Rican friend in San Juan. Her brother's babysitter cooked us an amazing dish called pinon--a casserole layered with plantain and roast pork. It was the perfect proverbial bang with which to go out of the world of red meat. Or so I thought...until many years later, when I moved to Oakland and learned of al pastor. *unpure thoughts about pork* While I still have never tried al pastor, every day is a battle. I have dreams of wrapping my lips around a burrito stuffed with it. I fantasize about gently folding the warm skin of a corn tortilla around it and shoving the whole thing into my pie hole. And while I know my body would likely reject the stuff as quickly as the Catholic church would reject a blasphemous lofaszqueen such as myself, I still long for just one taste. Every time I drive down International Boulevard, it's an inner struggle. Every time I read a Yelp review of a taco truck, I feel myself weaken. The Last Temptation of Tsada, if you will. One. Day. At. A. Time. Sinaloa is a treacherous pit of temptation for a pescatarian like myself. I have heard the stories of their al pastor, of how reasonable men turn to bumbling fools in its midst. Do you have any idea how challenging it is to satisfy myself with a warm, admittedly girthy burrito sin carne, while the man at the parking lot table next to me is crying out in ecstasy over his plate of marinated pig? There, I said it. I covet my neighbor's pork. It's much how I'd imagine the chaste Fraulein Maria felt the first time she was tempted by the Lofasz Von Trapp. A big lofasz trap, if you will. Fortunately, there are two trucks in Sinaloa lot, and one of them serves mariscos. There's nothing like a nice ceviche tostada to quell my al pastor envy. Three bucks buys you a monster helping of marinated prawns with diced cucumber, cilantro, and onions, along with sliced avocado atop a perfectly crisped corn tortilla. Wash it down with big icy horchata (only a buck!), and you've got a healthy meal fit for an Austrian nun. Or a a blasphemous lofaszqueen. Or whatever.
<review# 1836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2009,9/22/2009,86,153,14,17,12>After driving in circles for ten minutes, I finally found 123 wedged snugly between a hardware store and a beauty salon on one of the funkier blocks of San Pablo Avenue. Walking inside, you feel instantly transported to the premium hipster coffee spots of the Mission, but without the skinny jeans-induced angst and attitude. The space is calm and quiet, with high ceilings and quirky art spotting the otherwise spare interior. There's plenty of comfortable seating, wi-fi, and a small outdoor space in the back that's reminiscent of a big city rooftop patio; surrounded by taller buildings, yet still bright and open.I had a cappucino ($2.50) that was easily on par with Ritual or Blue Bottle's: strong and full, without a trace of bitterness. I also grabbed an irresistible coconut-chocolate vegan doughnut ($2.00). Sitting outside in the sun, the doughnut warmed and chocolate melted, sending me into gooey doughnut bliss. Local 123: you complete me.
<review# 1837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2008,9/21/2009,373,248,25,34,29>I am super stoic.  I can take the pain and keep on going.  I've broken toes while catering and still managed to pull off a sit down dinner for 250 people by fashioning a splint with duct tape and popsicle sticks (quelle McGyver!).  I once got a grade 2 calf strain while playing tennis - heard that "pop" but kept on playing.  I have knocked my back out more times than I can count by deciding it's a good idea to rearrange my whole house in the space of two hours, pick up two sacks of flour at once or move a fully loaded catering van by myself.  I always bounced back.  Always.Well, in August I lost my bounce.  My back went out and I stayed in bed the requisite day with R.I.C.E. and the remote fully expecting my back to bounce back like it always did.  No dice.  I had developed sciatica.  I always thought of sciatica as an old folks problem . .. as in: "How ya doing grandma?"  "Oye, my sciatica is acting up something fierce"At first, I didn't even know what it was all I knew was that I couldn't stand without discomfort.  I couldn't sit, I couldn't lie down. . . I just couldn't do anything to escape the pain.   Nothing worked.  Standing at my work station was torture. . even driving my car hurt.  Being at work went from being a joy to being too painful to handle.  It dawned on me that I had a career ending injury and I freaked.  I went on vacation and just sat and rested and sat some more.  My sister sent me to her acupuncturist and I think her and the combo of being off my feet worked wonders.  It got better but the minute I got home to real life and standing for 10 hours a day, it all came back.    Enter Don Gates.Like any good Yelper, I perused reviews and this guy had all 5 star reviews. .. good deal!  So off I went for our first appointment.  You fill out a very detailed patient form and bring it with you.  Then he sits with you and asks you questions that meander all over the place - this is his way of getting to know you and detecting anything that might be affecting your energy or "Qi".   Now, I know there are people who don't believe in this stuff but believe this, before seeing Don, I was seriously thinking of quitting my job and going back behind a desk.  For anyone who knows me that is possibly the worst thing I could ever do.  It would have been soul killing.  Don saved my career and in doing so, saved my sanity.  Even if you don't have an injury or specific pain but are just feeling off balance, I highly suggest you check out Don - he answers all your questions, is a natural healer who magically puts you at ease and he seems genuinely interested in your well being.  I can't say this without it sounding cheesy but here goes: Don Gates will change your life for the better.  Believe it!
<review# 1838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2009,9/19/2009,126,1452,21,22,23>I want to scream from every mountain how great this place is. I thought it was so great and I didn't even have a drink of booze. We went after the work day lunch rush around 1:45pm. We were seated promptly and brought water and bread. The bread is so good. It has this really interesting crust that makes you think its going to be a crunchy piece of bread. Yet the center is so soft and chewy. Perfect for dipping in the olive oil and Balsamic Vinegar. I had the Pan-seared milk-fed veal medallions, Cremini mushrooms, Marsala demi glace (from web site Lunch Menu). It was perfection! I cant even tell you how much I loved my lunch. It was the best thing I have had out in a long time. Uh, I could not stop bragging to my husband about how good the food was. (He didn't go with me) I am absolutely coming back. I have got to try some of their specialty cocktails next.Only draw back, not open on Sundays.  It may take some coercing to get my husband to come during the week or on a Saturday.
<review# 1839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2008,9/18/2009,610,620,25,22,26>Thy mystical, magical Pop Inn.Line 50, turn right.After being chastised on the bus by a sneezing woman (who was mad I wouldn't open up the case and give her one of my cupcakes "because it was her birthday last week") we finally arrived on Park Street.We walked..and walked..and walked..and realized that we shouldn't still be walking.  We approached a couple of young ladies, "Are you familiar with the Pop Inn?"A huge smile beamed back at us *insert valley girl vibe*, "Totally."  She pointed us back in the direction from which we had just traveled.Turns out we had made a left off of the bus.  If we had made a right, we would have had to have taken less than 10 steps to get to Pop's door.The bartender keenly recognized the swirling winds of "Tuesday night Yelp" that entered with our pizza & cupcakes. He started flying around the place, moving furniture, etc. like a 9 year old hopped up on Skittles & Red Bull.Then it went down. He started pouring and the lights went out in Georgia.Imagine this:  He Cheated and the Lovely Lady almost got Lumps. Hit Her Baby one more time. Raise your cell phones to the Wonder Wall because we can be Ebony and Ivory. I Believe I Can Fly with a feather Boa. Lucky Porn Star mustache.  The Greatest Love Triangle of All. Last but not least - Yes, We Are the World.You have to see it, to really believe it.
<review# 1840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2009,9/17/2009,301,336,29,21,26>If you ever want to test the theory of Ivan Pavlov just mention the words "La Farine Morning Bun" to an Oaklander and see what happens.  My bet is that eight times out of ten you'll have a drooling adult standing in front of you.  Now, I'm not talking about the "short school bus" type of drooling here, I'm referring to the conditioned response to stimulus that causes adults with all of their faculties to completely lose it.Try this experiment yourself:1) Take one La Farine Morning Bun- freshly baked that morning with it's enticing concoction of flaky croissant dough, cinnamon and sugar and a line full of hungry people waiting to get their morning pastries.2) Choose an unsuspecting victim.3) Say the words "La Farine Morning Bun".4) When they look at you, hand them a piece of the Morning Bun as a reward.5) Say the words "La Farine Morning Bun" again.6) Hand them a piece of the Morning Bun as a reward.7) Say the words "La Farine Morning Bun" again.8) DON'T hand them a piece of the Morning Bun.At this point you should have a drooling mess of a human standing in front of you.  Pat them on the head, scratch them behind the ears and eat the other half of the La Farine Morning Bun (drool) as you merrily start your day.  Remember: conditioned stimuli = conditioned response.  Use your newly acquired Jedi mind trick for good, not evil.
<review# 1841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2009,9/16/2009,792,96,25,23,35>She sat on the corner of Broadway & Grand, explicit in her measure. Nestled in the midst of gentrification, the celebration began as it did every night; tasty and loud, with a twist of enticement. Her name was Luka.A murmur of art may lead you to the doors of paradise, the tribal bff gathering May persuade you to her entry.  Enter:They nibble oysters with a side of gab; they sip delirium tremens as if they've had it all their lives. The masterful mood music fills their ears and tingles through the body while shivers of sexy sensation reaches into your being and the beat goes on. The dance begins, not on your feet but in your soul, "they're playing my song," says the fair looking lady (oh yes they are baby). The vibe is flowing from speaker to you, she takes her hand, he follows behind and the beat goes on. Everything about em is in their move. The DJ spins his wheel; the crowd is transfixed by the sway of his touch. They dance with midnight strangers; the grown and sexy never sleep. Her man was lost in the fray, she forgot who he was, spell bound by the platinum hunk material made of Issey Miyake and lilac lust. Star power, the Friday night elixir, and the cats meow, the Spanish fly. Exit:The cool air of the evening envelops their sweat-bathed bodies.Now that it's over, she looks at him with blue water eyes. "I miss this lifestyle, this is who I am," she whispers. He pauses in his expression, stares into her sea. He begins to immediately understand; She fell hard for the Luka, The insatiable taproom.We were used, and we'll be back for more.
<review# 1842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2009,9/15/2009,513,243,18,23,19>Ummm? So, I was recommended to come here by fellow Yelper Tisha K. the other day and I found one of the better Thai places that I've eaten at in the East Bay! The food was absolutely spot on! The service was okay but the food was pretty damn good! I came here with my mother, brother and sister for a family dinner. They all happen to be pretty big eaters so we ordered quite a bit of food. We had pad thai, red curry beef, eggplant with pork, fried catfish with sweet garlic sauce, a couple of orders of sticky rice, and a few other dishes. All were great except for the eggplant dish, which was just okay.Woohoo! As good as it gets! =)
<review# 1843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2009,9/14/2009,371,281,22,16,20>For Valentine's day I picked up Bootyman a sixer of assorted cupcakes from Teacake.I regretted my decision 4 hours later, laying comatose on our new sofa with my pants unbuttoned and peanut butter icing smeared on my left eyelid. These itsy-bitsy cakes are so good, they make bad things happen.Bad things, like make Bootyman wake at 3 am to eat the last half of the final cupcake.You're messing with me Teacake, and I can't take it anymore. I wish I could quit you, but alas, your perfection of pink velvet has put a spell on me. A fat spell. A spell that makes me think about sprinkles and those delicious bits of crumb I find on my favorite sweatshirt three days after consumption. A spell that calls my yoga instructor without my knowledge and sneaks cupcakes in my shoes, so I can experience a hit of Teacake first thing in the morning.A spell that forces me to make tea, just because a Teacake might appear as an accoutrement. Teacake makes seemingly normal people act like little girls in pink tutu's experiencing Cinderella's castle for the first time.I excused the squealing woman behind me in line for stabbing me repeatedly with her umbrella. I understand how exciting your first trip to fatsville can be, and smiled humbly as she knocked me in the neck with her elbow while she frantically pointed to the cakes nestled in the window.Like I said. It's so good it's bad, and what is life without a dose of rebellion?
<review# 1844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2009,9/12/2009,520,93,16,18,16>This place is in the cuts in a Valero Gas Station. A little Gem brought up by some cool, down to earth folks from the east coast.I think the service was Five stars alone. Adding the food, definitely Ten stars.I had the Deep Fried ham and cheese sandwich and the Deep Fried peanut butter and jelly sandwich. I know it sounds crazy being Deep Fried and all but its definitely a MUST TRY.The ham and cheese was out of this world. hot deli cut ham and gooey melted cheese in between a nice coat of fried batter. I should of added a fried egg like the guy recommended but it was crazy enough being deep fried. it goes real well with the white pepper.The deep fried peanut butter and jelly sandwich was out of this universe. The goober gone wild. This is one of the best things Ive ever tasted. Warm peanut butter, gooey warm jelly, two pieces of bread with a nice coat of fried batter and powdered sugar on top. Cant beat that!static.px.yelp.com/bphot…I also tasted the Al Capone. This is one mean dipped sandwich. Chicago style beef with spicy italian peppers. Real tender and Real good.I didnt try anything else, cause i was super duper full.Basically, this place is the real deal hollyfield. They fry up almost everything and they have a whole lot of other things on the menu. Just to list a few - 2 foot monster sub, gravy fries, and the deep fried bacon wrapped hot dog.its like one of those joints from the food channel.tip for the owners: you guys should fry up a peanut butter and jelly bagel and name it after me. that sounds delicious, i might have to mention it to you guys next time im visiting.
<review# 1845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2009,9/11/2009,3617,1853,25,35,32>Lafayette (California) BBQ?Isn't that an oxymoron? You don't normally associate the upscale, mostly privileged, toney suburb of Lafayette, which is perhaps 99% white, with Barbecue of any kind. But that didn't stop Bo.Actually, Bo's Barbecue had a difficult time getting established here over 10 years ago. The lily white residents didn't want a black man's BBQ restaurant smack dab in the middle of Lafayette. It might attract too many of "those people" coming through the Caldecott tunnel from Oakland. NIMBY was at work. (Not In My BackYard). But it finally got established, and now it is quite popular. And what's not to like?It is a decent size, with clean stainless steel family style tables inside, with ceiling fans, hanging plants, and black and white photos all over the walls of Blues and Jazz legends. There is even a family friendly leather sectional couch in the back. Outside there is a large patio, of at least 10 tables, with gas warmers for the cool evenings. Most everything on the menu is $14.95 We ordered the short ribs. They give you a number and then shortly bring out your meals to your table. The short ribs were a large set of ribs, about 8 ribs, nicely charred and flavored. There is a scoop of potato salad, a nice green/red leaf on-the-plate salad, a quarter baguette of french bread, and a small cup of sweet BBQ Sauce. There's a lot of meat on them bones, too, as I couldn't finish and got a doggy bag. To add to the backyard BBQ feel, there was a live blues band, the Frank Samuels Blues band to be exact. This was a quartet of old pros, with drums, base, piano and guitar, capable of playing a host of classics, with two of them singers. They play here on Saturdays. You have to come here early, as they do not make an infinite amount of BBQ, so they can and do run out. We had a finger lickin' good time, and when we licked those fingers clean, we could snap to the beat of the Blues as the setting sun poured golden light into this wonderful suburban oxymoron.
<review# 1846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2009,9/10/2009,304,243,16,20,18>SATURDAY EVENING: Out & about by Pleasanton Stoneridge Mall when me & BF-Jayson do it again, "What you want to eat for dinner?" Well I wanted to try something other than the local Cheesecake Factory & PF Changs...I remember finding a sushi spot on Yelp that got a lot of positive reviews. Yep, we found our way over to Ume Sushi =) yelp.com/biz_photos/Qv3S…LOCATION: Off of Hopyard Road with the major cross street of Stoneridge Drive. It's located in the shopping center with Chili's, Eddie Papas American Hangout, Cheesecake Shop, & more. Shared parking lot w/ other store vendors in center. It has a corner lot location next to a dry cleaners.RESTAURANT: Upon entrance, small Sushi Boat on the right where the chefs give a warm welcome & hello, then just look for some one (who appears to be an employee) wave you down & ask "Party of 2?" & get seated immediately. Clean, somewhat spacious, but plenty of seating w/ tables & armless chairs, plus large sectional booths aligned against wall w/ wood bench seats & not so fluffy pillows to sit on, but better than nothing. Booths offer more privacy vs booths @ Chili's for example...ur not gona have a convo w/ the person across the table from you & see the party sitting behind him/her 'cuz there's a wall that goes straight up...I'm sure u get my description. The place wasn't terribly crowded, nor empty...good crowd dinning in for some sushi on a Summer Saturday evening in Pleasanton. CUST SVC: Excellent! From the warm hellos from Sushi Chefs @ the Sushi Boat, to the ladies taking your order & bringing your food. We had 2 appetizers placed @ our table that we didn't order, when I told our waitress that we didn't order this, she smiles back "Don't worry, on me!" We're like really?! Sweet lady...but then again maybe she smacked someone up aside their head after restaurant closed for a mistake like that (haha) Overall, excellent friendly & thorough cust svc. Keep up the good work ;-)MINI DISAGREEMENT: BF & I pretty much try to do our own "family style" of eating, else order so we can taste off of each other plates. So BF thinks we should order 1-Charbroiled Entree, but I was pretty insistant that we could just eat sushi & advising 3 rolls could fill us up. U would've enjoyed our lil' disagreement, he wanted to have some kind of land animal (pork/beef) on the table 'cuz he didn't think we'd get full from sushi alone. Oh my man, after we finished our rolls, he rubbed his belly & said "U were right babe, we didn't need any entree plate". Damn right I smiled back @ him w/ "I told you so" look as I rubbed my belly too. APPS & SUSHI: For app, we order Chicken Karaage & got freebies Edamame yelp.com/biz_photos/Qv3S… & Gyoza (6pieces of pot stickers). Chkn Karaage is very lightly battered; all 3 apps were tasty & good. Our sushi tastes included the Super Bowl yelp.com/biz_photos/Qv3S… (Shrimp temp, crab, unagi on top w/ white sauce), Lion King Roll, & Nemo Roll yelp.com/biz_photos/Qv3S… The rolls all made fresh, easy to pick up & devour in 1-bite, & all get a recommendation!! We were going to call it quits, but I saw a table getting served Green Tea Ice Cream, so we both got our own scoop. No pic for this, but Green Tea Ice Cream was creamy & tasty...we probably could've just shared this, but we both felt we had a lil' more stretch in our jeans & could take on the challenge *tee-hee*. FINAL TAB: The evening ends w/ a $45.38 tab for 2 drinks, 1 app, 3 sushi rolls, & 2 desserts. Oh & our waitress stayed true to what she said...the 2 extra apps were on her & not on our bill =) Overall as our 1st visit it was a scrum-didly-umptous sushi dinner, great seating as BF got clear view of UFC show on flat screen TV by Sushi Boat, & excellent cust svc. We'll definitely be coming back & try out other rolls. -------------** Ume's Specialty Rolls **Menu 1 yelp.com/biz_photos/Qv3S…Menu 2 yelp.com/biz_photos/Qv3S…Menu 3 yelp.com/biz_photos/Qv3S…Menu 4 yelp.com/biz_photos/Qv3S…Menu 5 yelp.com/biz_photos/Qv3S…Menu 6 yelp.com/biz_photos/Qv3S…Menu 7 yelp.com/biz_photos/Qv3S…Menu 8 yelp.com/biz_photos/Qv3S…Menu 9 yelp.com/biz_photos/Qv3S…----------------WOO-HOO! My 2nd ROTD - 9/10/09
<review# 1847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2009,9/8/2009,1429,411,16,22,21>Alameda, your New Era store has arrived!DomeFits is a brand new shop which just opened up on Park St. that carries a huge selection caps. From the MLB, the NBA, to the NFL... From New Eras to Fedoras... This place has got it all.  They also boast a huge selection of RARE and LIMITED sample New Eras! The store itself is a little small, but the walls are lined with caps from top to bottom. Since they just opened, everything in there still looks very brand new. The price tag on a fresh new baseball cap will run you about $31. That's fair for a New Era! The rare and limited stuff ranges in price. I had a chance to speak with one of the Co-Owners, Jason, who was telling me a little about the shop. They actually opened about two months ago and are continuing to get new stuff in every day. He said they probably won't be doing embroidery, BUT they'll be working with New Era to produce different colored caps AND their own 'Dome Fits' caps. He mentioned that they'll also be starting up one of those 'Frequent Customer' cards. He seemed very knowledgeable about clothing and New Eras and displayed great customer service skills while I was there!For the kids in Alameda who love rockin' New Eras, i have a feeling this is going to be their new go-to place. Look out yall, this place is fresh.
<review# 1848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2009,9/7/2009,1948,4780,18,31,29>I was hanging out at Gayle's house yesterday with Tyrone (the wonder Lab) while she was out getting her gorgeous red hair cut and styled. At lunch time, I decided to take a short trip down to New York Pizza for a slice and then bring it home to compliment my favourite adult beverage. This particular strip mall continues to have its pleasant surprises. And I can't remember how many times I have walked past New York Pizza without giving it a second thought (especially when Melo's is just across the street). It's a small, narrow, and nondescript store front, with very limited seating and amenities within. But good things do come in small packages! I ordered 2 slices (pesto and pepperoni) and was surprised to see the variety of other Italian specialties were available on the menu. The slices themselves were huge and delicious. And the thin crust had just the right fresh and chewy consistency. I will most certainly be back, either for more slices or if any of our boys are around, a whole pie.
<review# 1849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2009,9/6/2009,356,35,17,17,18>Next! Can I help You!That simple line is as fast as they will go.  Once that is said your meal will be done in no time.I'd say i have had basically everything on this menu no doubt about that and every meal was a success.  Usually people that come here stick to the burrito but when I come here i always get the super nachos since they are delicioso and only 6.25.  It may sound pricey but I think not.  Its well worth it.  The service here is great and unbeatable compared to any other taqueria I have been to.  Its easy as 1..2..3Step one: Tell the dude your orderStep two: Let him get to workStep three: Pay for it and there you goYou can COUNT ON THAT
<review# 1850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2009,9/5/2009,218,202,18,12,13>No-nonsense, unapologetic cholesterol intake at it's best. This location, like all their other locations as they are a small chain in California, is bare bones, lacking atmosphere or even comforts like vinyl gingham tablecloths (:-P), but no one comes here for the ambiance! The counter people are all about efficiency so they cut the crap on how do you do's and good evenings, but they get your order right! If you smile, they'll even give you extra coupons which are a great deal- not to mention double stamp days if you get one of their frequent muncher cards. For some silly reason, I try to limit my cheesesteak ingestion to only  twice a year. Not sure why, since I seem to have no problem putting away fish and chips, fried chicken, ham fried in bacon grease (thanks Luke!) and regular servings of french fries. I know, I'm a walking paradox.I'm always horrified when I see someone *chop chop chopping* at my food- chopped up scrambled eggs are the bane of my existence, and when I first saw the lady cooking my cheesesteak and breaking it up with the spatulas like she was dicing ants, I thought oh crap, my sammich is going to be nasty. At any rate, maybe it's the way the cheese in the cheesesteak sticks to my teeth. Maybe it's the way the steak juices and fat run down my hands and make dark, oily stains on the brown paper bag, giving me a preview of how my skin will look later (pizza face? how about cheesesteak face?). maybe it's the contrast of savory and sweet with the meat and the sweet peppers... who cares? I daydream of cheesesteaks when I am not eating them. That puts their ranking up there with "Death Row last meal" choices. I've had a few others in the Bay Area, but as with many other established good places, I do not stray from my known and reputable restaurants. To do so would just result in a disappointing meal (I.B. Hoagies=I.B. Gross? I.B. Wrong?) and wishing you had gone to your 'old standby', and this is what The Cheese Steak Shop is. My only wish is that they were open later!Go with the known quality!By the way- the 15"? OBSCENE! It's a baton of meatness!
<review# 1851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2009,9/4/2009,931,153,19,19,17>So, the Turf Club. FAB.U.LOUS. Really. I've been here twice: once in the middle of the day (sober) and once on a Friday evening (beyond drunk). Both times were most enjoyable. The most recent time was after an evening of heavy drinking (4 rum shots, a vodka cranberry and an AMF) at the home of a friend and at another place called the B St. Bar (I think), after which I drunkenly began making out with my female friend in front of all of the smokers, including one very cute young man I'd met. Yes, yes, that happens sometimes. But then we decided to head over to the Turf Club, not in order to engage in further lesbianism, but because my friend wanted to get her groove on and the bar we were at had karaoke, but no awesome faggo dance music.Well, the Turf Club DOES have awesome faggo dance music--and I say that with love. They also have a phenomenal backyard/deck area, complete with a turtle pond, that houses a small outdoor bar. It was pretty much a sausage fest, but I've never complained about being surrounded by gay men (I'm quite a fan, to be honest...perhaps even a bit of a hag), and the cute guy from the previous bar, who had accompanied us, found a very cute admirer. Unfortunately, he doesn't swing that way. So he just played chess against one of our other friends on the awesome oversized chess board in the back. The best thing about this bar, besides the outdoor area (which, I'm coming to realize, is something I've really grown to value in a bar), is that it's a really laid-back, unpretentious spot. It's not a Castro bar full of people trying to be beautiful and get laid, although there's some of that at ANY bar, gay or straight, that you go to; it's also not totally divey and somewhere you're afraid you'll be groped by a scary mandyke in flannel. It's just a cool place to come, sit at the bar, drink some reasonably priced beers/mixed drinks, maybe do some dancing at night, and enjoy the company of your friends. Also, did I mention that there are turtles? And a bunch of tables outside with awnings? And nice middle aged gay men who will light your cigarettes? Definitely preferable to some creepy old drunk kissing my cheek at the other bar, the hair of his long Mountain Man beard tickling my cheek. Ugh.
<review# 1852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2009,9/3/2009,330,444,26,38,29>One thing before I go any further with my review of Lake Chalet: Lake Merritt is technically a 'brackish lagoon' - it's rather shallow, and technically is a tidal bod of water; mixed freshwater (from springs under ground) and seawater.  The salt water winds it's way to Lake Merritt via the Pacific, via the San Francisco Bay, via the Oakland Port Channel, and finally through a small narrow channel leading into the Lake that creeps east through a channel next to Jack London Square and Laney College.  What I'm trying to say is, it's gonna smell!  It's tidal!  And, if you want to bitch about the smell of the pollution, why not try addressing pollution of all of our bodies of water.  Thank You. With that off my chest, I had such a lovey night with 7 friends at Lake Chalet!  Loving the way they set up the restaurant. The bar is lovely, huge slab marble with navy blue and brushed metal stools at the bar.  Not so enthused by the communal bar area, but as the drinking lubricates conversation, you end up meeting adorable Oakland friends. They also need to put in purse hooks for the ladies, please. There is a second wing on a slightly higher level that has yet another bar, with more lounge-y seating, and more dining table, in addition to the seating at the front of the house. Simple wine and beer list, with all your favorite liquiors on hand.They had Prosecco and Gloria Ferrera Blanc de Blanc, Prosecco being $6 a glass, and the Blanc de Blanc $8.50.  Works for me. Being a large, hungry and critical group, we ordered tons of things from the menu:Appetizers: Oysters run about $2.50 each, with a nice variety, fresh and received praise from our crew. Sausage goodness (name ?): sausage on a creamy spinach spread on top of a roasted apple. Damn, so good. Sweet Potato Fries....a little pricey for $6.00 but tasty, snapped up in no time. Fried Calamari:  One thing I will miss at Di Bartolo on Grand, these were not generous in portion, and the breading seemed to flake off of the meat quite a bit.  The dipping sauces were tasty and the menu would be incomplete without these, I would just encourage Lake Chalet not to skimp on the portions with this one. Main Menu/Entree Items:Fish Sticks: Also on the pricey side, they were the most delicious, but simple looking 'fish logs', plated in a very Lincoln Log configuration, but Lord!! So good.  So creamy....a little on the salty side for me, but most at the table seemed OK with this.Duck:  Wow, great cut !  Way better than what I've had at say, Mezze.  We literally lapped this dish up in 45 seconds once everyone got their taste.  The polenta with corn kernels was amazingly sweet and good, very tasty with the duck jus. Crab Cakes:  I've mentioned price and value in just about everything I've listed, and these looked- Uh, not very appealing in plating or price for the serving size.  We sent it back and swapped out for the duck.  Not sure what to say here other than if you are mixing Dungenous Crab meat with breading and so forth, I wouldn't imagine that could be more than a 1/4 lb of meat, so what's with the price?  Make it seasonal if you must, or use a less expensive crab.  The arrangement of the cakes also resulted in some Uh, dirty reenactments of the display with butter dishes and knives, if you know what I mean?Dessert: We tired the Bread Pudding with Hazelnut gelato and the Flourless Chocolate Cake.  I don't tend to order Bread Pudding at restaurants because I like it sort of homemade, but this was a decadent treat, and the gelato was pretty damn amazing, smooth, creamy, and so fabulous. Flourless Cake was so mousse-y it was amazing, loved that as well, if you need a chocolate fix, get it. Since I had a few (!) champagnes, and we had so many dishes, each person paid about $50....not what I was expecting to spend on a impromptu Tuesday night meal/gathering, but since I tried 1/2 the menu and was there for 3+ hours, happy as a clam, I think that's a fair price. It was exciting to be here and see and be seen by the attractive, diverse peoples of Oakland. I think I used creamy at least 4 times in this review- this food is rich, and I'll probably have to hit the gym for the next 3 days to work that meal off!Thrilled to have enjoyed my dining experience here, I wish Lake Chalet the best of luck. Don't let the quality slip!! Oh one last thing:  No outdoor seating?  What's up with that?
<review# 1853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2008,9/2/2009,460,387,14,17,17>Talk about a hidden cavern, this place is fairly big, and completely hidden among a bunch of other plain facade buildings.  In the dark of night, it looks like the kind of office area you'd find near airports, without any major effort made towards the front facade in terms of decor.The Periscope itself has two large glass doors amid a large full glass view of the entrance, the main entrance is large with the right side flat and plain, and a slow ascent ramp leading up to a central area, which in turn leads two two other rooms on the right and another on the left.It's all concrete and gray and plain vanilla, like the back corridors of office building basements, only more bright and spacious.Those two rooms to the right are where the magic starts to happen.The right room is very large and there's three long kitchen island type counters in front of you, and further back against the rear wall isa huge L-shaped kitchen. To the right are several picnic table style setups, maybe three or four.  Must be great for teaching classes, either cooking or wine.The left room is very interesting.  It's large and long, with wine barrels stacked three high, but still spacious enough to have large parties.  This is a great place to have a largre venue standing room party, and if another is hosted here, I'd definitely consider going.I'm definitely a fan!
<review# 1854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2009,9/1/2009,711,1293,22,24,25>The most food for your dollar in downtown Walnut Creek.After deciding I just couldn't do Sushi one more time I meandered down here and stopped by Silk Road.Frankly, I'm not a big Greek fan. It's just not what flies by my head when phrased with the question, "What do you feel like eating?" But after ordering the lunch special of Hummus, Kabobs and Sandwich, I was quite surprised that not only was the huge meal wonderful, it was 11 dollars. Total.The Hummus was really good, if not as bland as I personally like ;) and the sandwhich was so wonderful I almost moaned while eating it. Almost. I wasn't so much a fan of the Kabob, but that's because it tasted a mite bit mustardy. And Meg's don't do mustard.The service was so polite and nice that I felt a little like shouting, "boo!" But I managed to control myself. All in all I'd be back any time.
<review# 1855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2009,8/31/2009,108,1734,17,28,29>Five bright stars for the Sebastiao Salgado photography exhibit, although I have no doubt the building itself deserves its share of them.  Inspired by Ligaya's review, it was my plan to check out the David Brower Center after lunch at Azerbaijan.  I didn't check out the entire building, just the Salgado exhibit on the ground floor.  I refer you to her excellent review for details of the building's pedigree and provenance.  I just checked their website and the building is open from 10-5 weekdays.  No weekend hours as yet.  I hope eventually there will be.The double doors to the building are wooden and heavy, w/ sturdy vertical wooden handles wrapped at the ends and secured by graceful metal fixtures.  The feeling is of solidity, simplicity and grandeur, all at the same time.  The Salgado exhibit will be on display through January 31, 2010.  I wish it were permanent.  Here's the link:  browercenter.org/exhibit…  The photographs are stunning, beautiful and difficult, of people, landscapes and animals.  I won't attempt to describe them, other than to say they are some of the most powerfully evocative photographs I've ever seen of people working and struggling.  There's a photo of a whale's tale that is close and detailed and next to it one of the leg and foot of a maritime iguana that looks sculpted out of metal.  The man is a master.  Just go see for yourself.  You will be glad you did.  It's serendipitous, but I'm glad it was the subject of my 700th review.
<review# 1856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2009,8/30/2009,341,458,15,22,22>A woman gets an income tax refund and wants to use a little of it to pamper herself.  What should she indulge in?  A trip to the spa for a facial and a seaweed wrap?  A little shopping spree in the city?  I've been waiting months for an excuse to treat myself... to another visit from Girl With A Truck.  If you don't have a room or a closet or a garage or a shed or a filing cabinet that's a complete shambles, move on to the next review.  But if you have that one cringe-worthy space, that space that you quickly close anytime you have company, read on.My office was that space.  I wanted it organized, decluttered, cleaned and rearranged.  I'd made several attempts myself, but it's been one step forward and two steps back.  So I call Girl With A Truck (a Yelp find, of course).  GWAT comes in like a tornado, clears everything out, cleans, finds a place for almost everything and leaves you with a brand new space.  Very rejuvenating.Next year, we may tackle the garage.
<review# 1857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2009,8/28/2009,587,806,15,17,17>This place gets 5 stars no question!!Besides the fact that there a little hard to find, the service was excellent, ambiance had a very modern,cool,eclectic feel that was very inviting and the gelato was Mmmmm....Fantabuously wonderful!! Perfect little treat to end a day full of running around!!!I tried quite a few of there flavors (which all tasted Incredible), before landing on a decision of a small mix of caramel cheesecake and some sort of Vanilla (Don't remember the exact name) all I know -  all that madders is they were both creamy rich and heavenly!!They are a little pricey, then again that goes with great quality, which leads to a momentary, pleasurable state of happiness :)I will be back again soon to try there nice selection of milk teas and other delicious treats!!
<review# 1858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2009,8/27/2009,237,521,19,21,20>We've passed by here while strolling through the market, watching the crowd grow and listening to the sound of the oysters being slurped off the 1/2 shell. The menu is simple: Oysters on the 1/2 shell - $1 Grilled Oysters - $2 Soda - $1 So we ordered 5 grilled oysters. The shell's were huge and so were the oysters. They were doing the backstroke through the oyster liqueur mixed with the butter garlic sauce. The oyster itself was tender and juicy and fresh! Next week, we're going to grab a fresh baguette from the bread vendor, bring our own bottle of white wine, pick up our grilled oysters and head down to the pier and enjoy the best California has to offer while watching the sunset down the Carquinez Straight. Don't we live the good life? Oh yes we do! The market is seasonal, 4-8pm on Thursday until the end of October.
<review# 1859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2009,8/26/2009,201,124,6,11,11>I'm in love with this store. The clothes are feminine and modern without being complicated.  The designs have simple clean lines with just a touch of flair.  It is also extremely inexpensive for the style and quality of the fabrics.  On my first visit I bought a beautiful cotton dress shirt for work and a sky blue top that will be great for an evening out without making me look too trendy. I walked out the door $60 lighter, but really happy with my purchases. The prices for the items on the first floor range roughly between $20 and $70.  The second floor has evening gowns, but I didn't venture upstairs on this trip.There were also a few very pretty and sexy dresses that hit right below the knee.  A style that is hard to find, without looking matronly.   And I also love that they have everything from t-shirts to evening gowns. Something that you usually don't see at boutiques.This will definitely be my new go to store on College Avenue.
<review# 1860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2009,8/25/2009,1020,575,20,22,22>I love Sheng-Kee Bakeries, period. I used to go to the one in Daly City a lot. I'm glad I found this place since it's much closer. Man, with all the choices, I felt a wee bit overwhelmed. Everything looks so good! I ended up getting the custard filled roll, a couple of the taro rolls, a slice of the green tea with red bean cake, and some others. I'm happy to report that I was satisfied with everything!I love their strategy of putting fresh baked items right next to the register. Of course, I inquired about them. Once I heard they were warm from the oven, I knew I had to get one! Also, I wish I had seen they had the whole green tea cakes in the display case. I would've gotten a whole cake roll instead of a slice.Okay. Enough of me sounding like a glutton. I can't help it though...this place is great!
<review# 1861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2008,8/24/2009,207,271,14,17,16>Thank you for building yourself walking distance from my work, now I can have pho during my break and not worry about making it back too late! lol. I read the reviews before coming and yes, I paid 8 dollars for my pho. Do I regret it? Hell no. This is the cleanest pho place ever and it's modern decor makes it even more appealing. The waiters are all dressed in black and white and are very friendly. My waiter was Neil. Neil made good small talk (something that I rarely experience when I go to get pho) and smiled a lot, very welcoming. I placed my order to go, nothing against the place but I like to eat at my desk so I don't miss anything inside the office. Can you say HELLA GOOD PACKAGING?! that has got to be the best packaging of pho to go! The meat and noodles were loosely laid out in a rectangular container making it easy to take out and put in the broth. I order to go a lot and I hate trying to pull my noodles out of the chinese take out boxes. Even the add ins (jalepenos, sauce, sprouts) were in a separate container laid out all nice. SOOOO convenient for me! The spring rolls are pretty good. A little more minty than I like but still good :). Worth the 5 bucks. All in all, I'm definitely going to be a regular. They have shakes too! Mmmmm!
<review# 1862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2009,8/23/2009,259,153,13,18,19>It was time for new wheels and a friend mentioned he liked Wheel Works.I first checked out the reviews and thought "Wheely? Are you pulling my leg? They got poor reviews." but then I figured well...let me try it out and see for myself afterall they were recommended by a friend.I called first for a quote- Cheaper than Walmart? Sweet. How did they get 5 stars from me?* The place was well lit, clean and organized.* For a tire shop- their bathroom was better than some restaurants! * Placed was A/C and has a large waiting area with TV to pass by time.* Car was done at time specified* Price was charged exactally what I was quoted.* MIchael hands down knew his job in and out and stayed professional at all times.* A lady came in for a simply oil change and although those take me 15 minutes to do myself, was asked to come back because Michael was commited to the cars that were left earlier. That was a big deal to me.NOTE: They have tires on sale this week and if you sign up for a credit card, you will get an additional 5% off. :) Free money for a month if you pay if off!Why they have so many 1 stars hmmm.....makes me wonder but don't care,  this place has my future business and will be recommended to my friends and family.
<review# 1863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2009,8/22/2009,300,251,18,20,18>I've been going to Yogurt Park since I was a tiny little Rachel H. I went with my Dad when I was in elementary school. We'd go to Cody's first (RIP Cody's :( ). Books and yogurt! I was in heaven. I used to walk to Yogurt Park from Berkeley High School. Frozen sweetness  = better than icky math class, and certainly too cool for school.And last night I went with my husband as a frozen sweet treat impulse after karaoke. I hadn't been for a few years, but Yogurt Park is just the same: Bad lighting, kinda dirty, scuzzy characters, but the best frozen yogurt ever! My partner in crime had the tart flavor, which he loved. I had a taste of his and it was great with just the right amount of tartness. I had to get the sugar free white russian swirled with the ghiradelli chocolate flavor because I was craving chocolate and I like to have two flavors. The chocolate was chocolate-y, the white russian was creamy and amazing, and I didn't miss the real sugar at all.How could I have forgotten you, Yogurt Park? I'll try to visit more often from now on.
<review# 1864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2009,8/21/2009,378,165,19,30,17>Adesso is a place for cocktails and small bites. Do not expect a cozy dinner environment. The idea of a aperitivo bar is great for those who like stopping on the way home for a drink and some chit chat. Expect very LOUD chit chat. Eat a little, drink a little, and move on. This is not a dinner place. Although easy to fill up. At first I thought, glorified cold cuts. But cold cuts is not how you describe these house cured meats. The Salumieri knows his craft. The Salumi is delicate and tender. Perfectly balanced and not to salty. This is how we approached it. Some small bites- aperitivo bar ( Free) - This allows you to try some of their other things.  Not intended to be dinner. A Bottle of White wine. Little Gem Salad - not near as good as Dopo. Marinated Olives- Very well done, no 1 herb stands out. --that's a good thing.Salumi -Chefs Selection-We like his selection . Mortadella -- the best I ever had. Prosciutto- very delicate, different from Prociutto De Parma. I love both Lardo- Hated it. Country-style Rabbit Pate- chunky style- Toasted Bread slices served with it Through out the whole meal, I wanted mustard and Cornichon.- Found out , I could have asked. They had it. Next time.Our server was very helpful, can't remember her name. But on my receipt it says server number 1. So server 1, thank you for all your help. You made it all make sense.The Bartender--. A man desperate for attention. Although I know he is just doing his job. He got on my last nerve. And can you believe these hoursDinner 5 p.m.-midnight Monday-Wednesday, until 1 a.m. Thursday-Saturday. .
<review# 1865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2009,8/20/2009,190,181,16,17,15>I want to say times at the Conga Lounge are always memorable, but with the strength of their drinks the night before is always a bit of a blur. I have a soft spot for a good tiki bar or lounge, and Conga Bar knows just where it is. With friendly service and a very comfortable atmosphere there's no question why it's popular.The only downsides I see are size and pricing. The space itself is a bit small. While normally not an issue, Conga Lounge can feel a bit crowded later in the evening. The mixed drinks are also a little on the high end, though you certainly get your alcohol's worth. Neither are things that will keep me from going back. If I can remember how to get there.
<review# 1866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2009,8/19/2009,307,317,70,70,70>I have a reputation in my family for being a high maintenance diner. My kids know I'd like menus right away when I sit down, I'd like the food brought out in the right order and I'd prefer not to have to inform the deliverer who got what. And I really don't want to know my servers name unless I ask for it.  Also, I like to have my back to the wall. This is only common sense; an exposed back makes it very easy for my enemies to sneak up on me with a knife. Actually, I think I'm pretty easy going.  It's YOU yelpers with the attitude.  Check out the reviews of this place.  If there's a common theme, it's that the food is great, but the service is surly and horrible.  Wrong.  It's just a little "efficient."  There are always hordes of people lined up outside the door for a chance to get in here and eat some of that awesome ultra-lean, ultra-crispy Beijing Duck and Walnut Shrimp.  The servers don't have time for small talk.  And if they smile at you, it might encourage you to chit chat, which is a waste of their time.  That's my theory anyway.And you know why else I'm disappointed in you yelpers?  There are like 280 reviews of this place, and hardly any of them mention the most amazing thing of all.  The Wine List.  I am not talking about a couple of decent selections.  I am talking about 6 pages single spaced of amazing VERY well priced wines from around the world.  What is a wine selection like that doing in a dumpy Chinese restaurant like this?  Well, I found out, because when I ordered the excellent northern Italian Müller-Thurgau, it was delivered by the owner's son who is a bit of a wine snob, and he couldn't have been happier to serve me up.  We talked a little bit about the list and how Wine Spectator is even doing a write-up of the restaurant and their special wine list. His name is James.  I asked.The coolest thing was that halfway through the meal, while we are working our way through an entire duck, James comes back to the table with 3 glasses containing samples of some his favorite wines from the list. It was a really nice unexpected gesture, and the tastes were indeed quite special.Crappy service, my fat Gwai Lo ass.
<review# 1867,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/8/2009,8/18/2009,723,405,23,24,24>Any meal with my outspoken Communist Gal Pal is always a "memorable event". She is incredibly chic, has a figure that I envy, but cannot parallel park that 5-series sedan to save her life. Did I mention that I love this woman? Spent her first 25 years in Shanghai, and the last 28 in the United States. Caveman and I jokingly refer to her as Chairwoman Xiao. For such an accomplished home cook, she loves to eat out... and graciously takes it upon herself to drive. The Alameda parking garage is a no-go... she hates the tight quarters. "Too many turn, maybe..." She's also my Chinglish tutor. This is how I found myself grimacing through her ten-minute attempt to parallel park directly in front of Pappo on a recent rainy weekend. "Turn-turn now, to the right, it's okay," I offered feebly, counting the fifteenth car that had swerved around us while she made yet another too-shallow attempt. My rattled nerves were instantly soothed by the warmly lit, industrial hip oasis of Pappo. We were in for an early dinner, so there was no wait - just another woman waiting ahead of us. However, she was quickly joined by another two women and four children under the age of 10. I was devastated. We were seated promptly at a table by the patio... but had to move because my feet were freezing because of the draft. The last time I hate here, I relocated for the exact same reason - though I imagine that Spring and Summer dining would be lovely. We perused the menu and chose two dishes, agreeing that we would make this a progressive dinner, and head over to a Japanese restaurant for some sashimi. Mixed Baby Lettuces w/ House Vinaigrette & Cypress Grove Goat Cheese was exactly that. We shared it, and it was perfectly edible, but I thought the portion was small for $7.50 - then again, we split it... and perhaps I had just wished there was more. The Movie Menu of small plates, I chose: Pork Belly with lentils. Granted, it was meant to be a teaser portion, but three pieces was psychologically disappointing. If they would have been cut thinner, and there were six... okay. For $12, mess with my mind and make me believe there's more pork to consume, please. I really loved the lentils... which is saying a lot - I normally hate legumes of all types and will go out of my way to avoid them or ignore them. These were delicious. The pork belly, which I count as one of the major food groups... it was good. But it wasn't so tender that it surrendered to my fork and melted upon my tongue. A bit chewy, even. When it comes to pork, I'm pretty forgiving... I just probably wouldn't order this again, which saddens me. The Braised Liberty Ranch Duck Leg w/ Red Wine Braised Cabbage, Roasted Pear and Honey Glazed Rutabaga was so exhausting to read, but too enticing to pass up. I have always enjoyed the duck-centricity of the menu. I came *this close* to ordering the House Duck Pate again, because I have such fond memories of it. This is when all of those kids next to us started getting restless and acting up. I shot the Moms a few constipated smiles, and did my best to ignore the squeals of their offspring, who were rapidly encroaching upon my personal dining space. This is not a good place to bring tired, hungry children who don't have polished dining manners. The two oldest children were actually playing "knuckles" in the space between our two tables. I had to say, "Excuse me. We're eating here - why don't you go back to your table?" Okay - that was an open criticism of Breeders and Some Peoples' Children - it doesn't reflect at all upon the staff or the food at Pappo. Back to the duck - it was crisp-skinned and juicy on the inside. Chairwoman Xiao and I devoured the accompaniments - which were quite nice. I found the rutabaga excessive, though, since the roasted pear already provided a sweet foil to the tangy braised cabbage... I could easily have enjoyed a double portion of the roasted pear and forgotten about the rutabaga. Chairwoman Xiao decided that we'd eat fish at a Japanese place... since she doesn't care for sardines, "Bait fish, kind of... too oily, like this." I actually enjoy fresh sardines and countered with, "Lower mercury; good for you... Omega-3 oil - healthy!" We both nixed the idea of the Grilled Mahi Mahi - I don't prefer it anyhow; it's something my parents would eat. No sleight against Pappo; I will admit that I have *never* ordered Mahi Mahi, nor voluntarily ever put it in my mouth. And as long as they feature House Duck Liver Pate... it's not going to happen.  "Mmmmm... delicious it is; order it, you must!"  Oh, wait... that's my Yoda voice.
<review# 1868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2009,8/17/2009,463,976,14,19,16>My husband swears up and down by Zaki Kabob and raves to everyone and I mean EVERYONE about how great the food and service is at ZK.  It took me awhile for ZK to win me over as we had a bad first experience there but it seems that they've worked out their kinks.  We've come back over and over again and their service has improved immensely.I have tried various dishes on their menu.3 stars: Hamburger; Good flavor but it fell apart pretty easily3 stars: Falafel wrap; fell apart when I brought it home4 stars: Chicken schwerma plate; served with a lot of meat and seasoned with the same spices they use for their rotisserie chicken4 stars: Beef Kabob plate; meat was a bit chewy but well seasoned5 stars: Half rotisserie chicken; HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS DISH!; I usually can't finish the entire dish so I take it home for next day leftovers.5 stars: Mint lemonade; This drink is so refreshing.I'm really impressed that they buy all natural chicken who haven't been injected with antibiotics and turn in their old oil for biodiesel manufacturing (according to Chris O.)  Plus, their takeout boxes are no longer plastic but biodegradable cardboard.Yelpers, I would encourage you to try this place if you're in the area.  You won't be disappointed!
<review# 1869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2009,8/16/2009,128,172,9,13,12>It's been neat-o watching the growth and development of So. Fremont over the past 20 years. What use to be an undeveloped, undesirable and uninhabited part of Freakmont is now a bustling area of commerce and a destination spot for good eats. When I was younger,  the only reason why I would venture to these neck of the woods was to see sprint car races as a teen and to participate in Fast and the Furious type activities in my 20s. Needless to say, gone are the days for the need for speed and I could care less if I'm hitting 13s on the quarter mile.Fast forward that to present day, I find myself in the Automall area often to enjoy the numerous restaurants that have popped up within the past several years. Today, my wife and I were able to enjoy very good dim sum that rivals with the best of them in the City and SJ. This place is very big, clean and spacious. We went at 11:30am and the place was already packed. After a brief 15 minute wait, we were able to get a table right at the front and were greeted immediately and often with carts holding countless tasty lil morsels piping hot. I felt like I was conducting a live auction as I stood up constantly pointing and bidding that they put the goodies we wanted on our table.Throw in the excellent service we had from our waiters and our dim sum experience was complete and satisfying.  Glad to say that we will be coming back again to enjoy their dim sum and maybe venture in trying other things we normally would not.
<review# 1870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2009,8/15/2009,281,250,16,16,16>i probably could never step into another Baskin Robins or Dreyers ever again.I love the flavors they offer here:  PANDAN???? are you serious? g-unit!!and they serve the "even smaller" than small cups... PERFECT for people who cant consume too much sweets at a time.We had:-PANDAN ... totally asia ... getting all nostalgic here-BLUEBERRY MINT .. i really love this one-BLACK SESAME  .. this one is very interesting and VERY goodsomehow the flavors we got reminds me of Asia.  wonderful.
<review# 1871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2009,8/14/2009,564,188,25,26,23>"I want uni.  Let's get some uni", said Jason C. while we were enjoying a nice, big cup of froyo in Berkeley.  All the Japanese restaurants that I could think of in the area were closed, but while driving down Solano Ave, we saw the bright lights of Sushi Solano and it was *tire burn* *screeeeech* *PARK*  It turns out that they close at 10:30.  Score!  We were greeted warmly, green tea was brought out, and we ordered hamachi kama, a Philadelphia roll, and a ton of nigiri -- uni, butterfish, hamachi, sake, ikura and shiro maguroThis was my first time having hamachi kama and butterfish.  The hamachi kama was alright, but the butterfish was amazing!  It just melted in my mouth, much in the way that uni does.  Now I know why they call it butterfish!  The rest of the sashimi was good, too.  We actually went seconds on the uni and hamachi.Here's where the climax of the evening occurred, AKA the most embarrassing part for me: It was another diner's birthday, thus Sushi Solano put up a cheesy birthday announcement on their plasma TV and the whole restaurant sang happy birthday to this patron.  At this point, Jason C. got the bright idea to point out to everyone that it was also my birthday.  The waitress had him write down my name on a piece of paper, on which he wrote "Jasonette", and he yelled out that I was turning 18.This: flickr.com/photos/jtchen… appeared on the screen (pronounced Jason-nite, like dymanite) for five full minutes and the entire restaurant sang me happy birthday.  Why is there a volume bar at the bottom of the screen, you ask?  Well, as Jason C. later put it, "What?  Do you think I sang a cappella?  Who do you think I am?  John Legend?"  I palm-faced throughout the ordeal.  Not only was my birthday a couple of weeks ago, but I wasn't turning 18 and my name certainly wasn't Jasoneite.  I totally shuddered when, "Happy birthday, Jasoneite!" was sang.Turning point: I did get a couple pieces of yummy deep-fried mochi out of this traumatizing experience: flickr.com/photos/alovel…  Though Jason C. overzealously dug into it before I could make a wish and blow out my candle.  Thanks for ruining my 18th birthday.  Asshole.I would love to come back here to celebrate my birthday.  The food was incredibly fresh and delicious.  Their prices were that of the average Japanese restaurant.  The servers and itamaes were incredibly gracious as service was good and they kept wishing me a happy birthday over and over again, and I just had an overall fun time.  I think I'll just come without Jason C. in tow next time... Kidding!Next time the birthday bandit decides to pull this birthday stunt on me, I'm making him tell everyone that I'm turning 21; I'd rather get free booze than free cake }:D
<review# 1872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2009,8/13/2009,333,39,29,23,21>- Cat has Feline Anxiety Syndrome- Uncle's bicycle broke down on the Carquinez Bridge- Turf toe is acting up- Your gang is getting into a rumble RIGHT NOW!- Feminine hygiene emergency (note: women only)- Forgot to turn off the garbage disposal- Three words: false fire alarmJust some excuses you could- and should- use to cut out of work early to enjoy the entire three hours of Sea Salt's $1 oyster happy hour. That's right, fresh oysters for one dollar each, plus drink specials.(Suggestion: sit at the back bar overlooking the kitchen to watch the magic happen as you're enjoying the seafood and drinks. It'll make you want to return for lunch or stay for dinner, no doubt about it.)And if all else fails, simply tell your boss the truth and let him in on this awesome bargain. He may just go ahead and offer you the rest of the day off. And a ride there. And possibly a raise.You're welcome!
<review# 1873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2009,8/12/2009,431,352,17,16,16>The Warehouse has many things I love about a bar:Strong ass drinks, an amazing beer selection, kitschy decor, a jukebox (albeit a new internet one), awesome scenery, and mega bonus - the bar runs the brothel hotel across the street. Some said 300, others said as many as 450 beers on the menu but hell I was not counting, I was just drinking. For some ungodly reason I stopped drinking beer and switched to a concoction called a California Lemonade. It was pretty much whisky with a lemon slice. I recommend they give it the tag line "drink this to bring out your inner whore". Which judging from the pics circling around I certainly did. Go. Drink. Enjoy.Thank you yelpers for last night. I felt a lot of boobs. It was awesome. Several of you ladies also reciprocated - again much appreciated.peace, love, and good booze ~ chase
<review# 1874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2008,8/11/2009,125,198,12,14,11>OH MY.I really didn't think Concord was capable of having really slammin' ass Korean food.  Boy, oh boy, was I wrong.  Sooooo delicious!!!!  Gosh, I'm drooling RIGHT now just thinking about it.Ordered #26: mixed veggies, beef, and fried egg with rice served on a hot stoneware bowl.  Damn, good!  Love the sizzle and decent price of $10.95!  Whoop.  And of course served with appetizer plates =)  All were exceptionally delicious by the way.  And at the end, rice drink for dessert!  Definitely enjoyed my meal.Decor was cute.  Loved the mirror-walls and big booths.  Service was extremely friendly!!  Waitress and/or (Owner?!)  was very charming and nice.Annnnnd, in my opinion.. I highly suggest they relocate since this place is a hidden gem.. near some laundry mat!?!?  Yesss, definitely in need of a new location so that more customers can try this place out!  =)
<review# 1875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2008,8/10/2009,298,127,24,13,17>DON'T YOU PUT THAT ON ME RICKY BOBBY !I AM GOING TO COME AT YOU LIKE A SPIDERMONKEY !These were a few of the many Talladega night quotes that were screamed during our legendary day at Lemans Karting. Basically, this place kicks ass.I was invited to attend Lemans with a large grab of Cal Berkeley grad students and Professors. There was about 30 people in all. The format consisted of three groups, and each group had a five minute practice, five minute qualifier, and a ten minute race. At the end, the top three drivers were put together for a final.The karts do about 50 miles per hour and require massive amounts of skill to dominate the track. These are easy to get into, but very difficult to master. Much, like my high school girlfriend. She was a sassy one. ZING !Anyway, I named my car " I can haz go fast ? " in a tribute to LOLcats. Sadly, Lolcats racing preformed poorly on the track as their lead driver was too busy trying to spin people out on the back corners. I did get the deep enjoyment of hearing the track announcer say "  And in car number 14 we have I can haz go fast !" I don't  know if the quizzical inflection in his voice was from the "?" at the end of my nickname, or from pure confusion, but it made me happy either way.Also, if to give them your drivers license, you can borrow a fire suit. Hell yeah !I was having soo much fun I literally caught myself yelling "WEEEEE !" down the back straight away.Haiku !Powered by lol catThe hairpin turn is a bitchEat shit grad studentTalent Level ? ehhhh.... grad students.... Luckily, I didn't care. These karts were way more entertaining.
<review# 1876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2009,8/9/2009,95,188,17,16,16>Okay. So I debated writing a review of this place, because pretty much all the reviews say the same damn thing: Sushi is amazing, the place is tiny/authentic/hardcore, and the waitress/wife is a grab-bag of emotions. All this is pretty much true- except when I went the wife was wonderful- maybe because I'm a charming chicky. At any rate, I must admit this place has always scared the shit out of me. I worked under this Restaurant in a tiny card and gift shop for about 6 years and never ventured into Yume, because I imagined this itty bitty restaurant where the sushi chef made you eat crazy death defying crap like that blow fish bullshit and would yell at you is you attempted to eat it wrong. Well- it' not like that. It is a itty bitty restaurant, the chef is pretty jolly- he has a pony tail (strangely a perk in my book), and if you state you want what's good- he'll keep you busy till you've had enough. Like I state and the million other people have stated: THE SUSHI IS BOMB- moments like this I wish that I had a better vocabulary- because the sushi at Yume deserves the words of a delicate and intricate nature. I just can't seem to think of anything of that poetic nature right now... sorry. Anyway, in review: tiny but not scary, sushi extremely tasty, and expensive- i didn't say this before but I'd thought I'd better squeeze it in now. Thank you.
<review# 1877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2009,8/8/2009,88,86,17,13,13>Two words that keep getting thrown around a lot lately: "Sacrifice" and "Change".Eating at the new and improved La Bamba makes me think about both.For those of you in the know, the previous incarnation of this delicious family run destination was very easy on the taste buds but it wreaked havoc on your eyes. Especially the bathroom!I actually understand how someone from central America might come here and not have the same standard as we do. Just as I slowly grew accustomed to their bathrooms when I was a foreigner, I suppose it takes them a while to get accustumed to ours.Having lived and traveled through Mexico for a year in my twenties, I became desensitized to very "well used" looking eateries and their bathrooms. All of them with their sea foam green and cotton candy pink interiors mingled with the occassional cockroach or stray piglet running around beneath your feet.I don't know about El Salvador, but Mexico for the most part lacks infrastructure; the most important being a lack of a sewer. The few cities that do have sewers haven't improved them in over 100 years. (Resort areas being the exception.) I guess not having a sewer to flush things into, they figure, "What the hell? We may as well forget about keeping the rest of the bathroom up too. What's the point?"When you arrive at a rest stop, for example, you will generally find a line of dancing Mexicans all waiting their turns to get into the single occupancy, unventilated, concrete sweat box. There is usually a toothless old man or woman who sits on a chair right outside the door and sells you a square or two of real toilet paper for a few centavos. If you want enough to actually do anything with, that will cost ya at least a whole peso. To us Americanos, it's worth it! Being a frugal and resourceful people, most of the patrons bring their own magazines, newspapers, and novels when they take road trips. Of course, we do that in America too. However, we bring them to read.Once you are in the bathroom, the first thing you will want to do is cover your mouth and nose with your shirt. Otherwise, you may pass out from the stench floating in the stale air in the concrete cell of a bathroom. Try to distract yourself by staring at the peeling paint, noticing what color the wall used to be before. Try not to actually let your cheeks touch the sweaty and yellowish stained toilet seat. Most importantly, whatever you do... please, please, please DO NOT ignore the sign that says not to flush any paper down the toilet. Even if the sign is in Spanish and you do not read Spanish... DO NOT flush ANYTTHING but human waste! I saw a Canadian woman ignore this sign once, and the disaster that ensued sent everyone running for the hills!As you will quickly notice, there is a very small waste basket provided for you in the corner... like six inches from your foot! The wastepaper basket hasn't been emptied in... I dunno... weeks. There is a pile of bible scriptures, Hispanic Male Magazine pages and wadded up toilet paper squares- all of them caked together with the excrement of hundreds of anuses, forming a large and precarious mountain peak. The only thing that prevents them from collapsing to the ground when the one millionth fly crawls in and out and around it, is the fifty or so poop papers that have dried and glued themselves to the wall. Try not to think of Amytiville Horror as flies swarm your eyes and ears and hair.So, having survived this cultural phenomenon during the tail end of my impressionable years, I kinda shrugged the first time I entered the restroom at La Bamba. Now, it was nowhere near as bad as what I just described, but it was bad enough that I flushed the toilet with a tissue in my hand, and touched the door knob the same way too. (At least they had a sewer.)The new and improved La Bamba has left the Central American culture in their food but taken it out of their dining room and bathroom. The new bathroom looks and feels like an IKEA showroom! flickr.com/photos/jrober…The new kitchen no longer looks like a collection of garage sale appliances under a grass roof, but instead is shiny with stainless steel and it's sparkling clean. Gone are the days of Easter Egg colored walls. Hello new earth tones and granite counter tops.!The food? Still muy delicioso! The service? Still muy, muy lento! That's okay. I prefer them to keep making those pupusas, by hand, and fresh to order. It may take longer, but it is so worth it.I guess all good changes are gained with sacrifice. I sacrificed a little of my diginity for a year to gain the benefit of gratitude for where I come from and what I have. I am sure the good people of La Bamba's Taqueria sacrificed alot to get where they are now too. So, what is twenty minutes of my life to have delicious, hand made pupusas; simply the best you will find anywhere? Bienvenido to America, La Bamba!  You have finally arrived.
<review# 1878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2008,8/7/2009,263,163,19,18,18>I rarely ever lose in sports.  I took a risky dare and lost in a bowling game.  So, what does that have to do with the review of this place you ask? I took a dare and that's how I ended up here.  I had something done but I'll keep that a secret between me and Lydia.  I am in the most extreme pain right now.  The pain & cost for beauty.  Oh, it's unbearable.  But, the outcome will be hot!!! Lydia was great.  She made sure everything was cool and all looked awesome.  I can not fault her for the pain because procedures such as this is most painful to anyone.  Like Chevelle's "Send the Pain":I liked, having hurt. So send the pain below where I need it. .......Much like suffocating.
<review# 1879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2009,8/6/2009,112,49,22,16,16>Work, school, study. Repeat. This has been my routine for the past several months or so. All this time with just work and no play for Kim have gotten to the point of increased neck and back pain....and the occasional butt cramps from sitting for a long period of time. Luckily it's spring break. What's better than booze on your days off? An awesome chillaxin massage. When you come to the Oakland Massage Therapy center, don't expect a fancy place with receptionists or whatnot. This place is simple---a room, the massage table, you, and the therapist. If possible, get the mini sampler package (only for first timers); it will save you a bundle. John, the massage therapist, rubbed me down with oil and just let his hands worked it. His fingers and knuckles kneaded those darn muscle knots in such a gentle way it felt like I was on clouds---Pure bliss achieved. Seriously, my body felt so good it was like having a massaging orgasm. I walked out of the building with messy hair, dazed, and relaxed ---all the good signs of a well done massage.
<review# 1880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2008,8/5/2009,107,131,17,14,14>If I'm going to walk my ass all the way over here, it better be good - this is what was going through my mind when Maya and Makenda suggested we make the trek to an uptown sandwich spot.Lucky for those ladies, it was good. Damn good.I've been three times now, and had something marginally different each time: Turkey Hoagie, Chicken Mushroom sandwich and Chicken Pepper sandwich. And each time the bread is crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, the meat tender and tasty and the accessorized ingredients simply off the hook.And, for those of you with big appetites, I encourage you to order the curly fries. IB's is very generous with them.That's it for IB's. But I'd like to close out with a couple tips for walking here with Maya and Makenda from Grand and Perkins.1. Those two are pretty ruthless towards oncoming walkers. If you go with them, try not to laugh too hard. And if you're a random person walking by them, don't wear jogging shorts, wear your clothes too tight or utter a scandalous out-of-context comment. You WILL get clowned.2. There is an office building on 21st about a block from IB's. It has mirrored windows that extracts the full energy potential from the sun and blasts it onto the sidewalk. I suggest wearing SPF 80 for this part of the walk, or you could get skin cancer upon contact.
<review# 1881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2008,8/4/2009,251,652,14,16,18>Great, Great, GREAT DYL* location.  Vast and seductive at the same time, with leveled seating, tons of pool tables, a couch lounge and a back patio.  Filled with people but never crowded.  This seems to be the neighborhood aesthetic, these multilevel bars attempting to contain the masses of college students.  However, there was something unlame about Thalassa in contrast to Beckett's and Jupiter - a triad of bartending, aesthetics, and clientele are to thank.  I was impressed by the people I met, Yelpers DingTheirLs and regulars alike.  Of course, most impressive was Perla, bartendress of total hotness, who managed to invent a new drink for my +1 every time he was magnet drawn back to the bar, and every drink was pink :)   That amuses me to no end.  The "Diablo"(s) she made for me with tequila and chambord was just perfect.  I like that this place is under the same ownership as the Mallard.  They're in totally different neighborhoods but both draw a great, diverse crowd, and keep a commitment to spaciousness and booze integrity.*DYL=Destroy Your Liver, the name for Yelp-organized drinking Fridays, different local, every 2 weeks.  I just think some people who haven't acculturated and acronymized might be confused!  Check the "events" tab.
<review# 1882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2009,8/2/2009,704,190,25,17,18>I love this restaurant because it is a lot little expensive and exquisite. My special favorite articles include spuma and the grassy carpet (seam of California with l' eel of barbecue and the gambero of the tempura in a giant seam, guarnito with l' insalata dell' seaweed, the seam of the spider (granchio of the soft-covers, egg of fish, avocado crunchy) and the king Roll (salmone cooked of the lion in top to a seam of California of the tempura). The boxes them of bento are much saporite and it very gives food to it for a great price. The teriyaki of the pollo it is carbonated slighty and cooked and the karaage of the pollo it is my absolute favorite that I have never had wherever. I can eat thousands of these and, if not there were consequences to my weight and format and health. All the boxes them of bento come with insalata, rice, the minestra of miso and l' insalata of paste lateral. You can ask nessun' insalata of paste and the rice if you are trying to being in good health or are on a diet. The minestre of tagliatella of the udon is moreover exquisite. The brodo it is assay a po' used cake and the many rich and ingredients hardly are made and not soaked. The version vegetarian comes with the marinati fungi that they are sweet and carnoso assay.Highly I suggest this place. The service is usually not bad equally and the owners are thus pleasant and wide awake!~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~NOTE: The passion I feel for this place is such that I translated my original review from plain, boring, dull, standard English, to the beautiful language of love and food and passion, Italian.But then... it was sort of hard to understand, so I translated it back to English, and thanks to Babelfish, the review is a little fishy.... but still great tasting!
<review# 1883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2009,8/1/2009,701,677,10,16,12>Moving to a new side of the Bay Area is tough.  You have to seek out an all new network of favorites...in a land that's pretty foreign to you.  It's an adventure yes...but largely ends up being a big waste of money & time.  For the last year or so, I thought driving to the city for my tried and true favorites (alterations expert, acupuncturist, sake shop, etc.) was just a fact of life.However, this year I vowed to truly relocate to the East Bay and find some new people & businesses that I can proudly call my *new* favorites. Enter a boyfriend with a crazy painful shoulder injury and his hapa girl with yet another annoying cold/sinus infection.Seeking out some immediate relief, we turned to Yelp (!) and came across Yume Takeuchi and her acupuncture studio (Sapana Acupuncture).I can't lie, the fact that she is Japanese definitely weighed in on my decision to call her above a list of others.  That and the fact that she's close to home.  I'm so glad I listened to my instincts for once. Yume is extremely professional, sweet, has a great "bedside" manner and her needle technique is virtually flawless.  She is extremely thorough with her questions and is good at targeting a variety of health issues thru classic Chinese Medicine modalities (cupping, needles, moxa, herbs, etc).She has great credentials and lots of experience.  I can't recommend her highly enough.  And I can't wait to get back in to see her.  Her office space is one of the cleanest & most cozy I've been to.  Definitely helps you relax and feel Zen.Go see her.  Period.
<review# 1884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2009,7/31/2009,198,50,35,31,33>If there's one thing that I get compliments on, it's not my Yelp reviews, it's my hair.  Before I joined the 21 and over club I used to mask myself as an international hair model who didn't speak English -- in order to get into bars and clubs.  "She's huge in Japan," my friends would tell the bouncer as I'd flip my hair out of my eyes, glance pompously away, and feign a terribly delicious French accent -- all to a surprisingly huge success.  Maybe that's because I was frequenting a lot of gay bars (thank you, gay best friend) where the guys working the doors would respond with an energetic, "OH. MY. GAWD.  Your hair is like totally amazing! Go in you cute thang."Thank you, Michelle.  Jessica Simpson has nothing on my hair!Before coming to Seven Salon I experienced a number of unhealthy "one night stands," if you will, frequenting many different hair stylists and salons, and never going back for seconds.  "I don't do Asian hair," one hair dresser told me as I glanced confusedly through the mirror to my thick, curly, light-brown hair.  "Funny," I admitted, "I thought that I had more of my dad's hair."  My hair has been cut into short bobs when I had distinctly asked to keep it long.  I've ended up with bangs when I wanted layers, and was even told once that I would be charged extra for my incredible amount of hair.  For most of my life I thought that that was as good as it got, and that I'd have to live with my poofy unkempt mop, mostly tied back in a pony tail -- for the benefit of my friends and onlookers.I met Michelle about two years ago, when she was working at Alexander Pope, and was immediately captivated by her "shear" skills and quick wit.  I've never had bad hair since.  Not only does she give you a great cut for $50, but she offers great conversation and personality to boot.  I'm always talking or laughing and have never felt bored or the urge to bury my head in a magazine.  For my 'do she delicately evens out my thick hair, shaping my long curls into varying lengths and layers, producing my often mistaken for "hair model" look.  The cut fits my hair type so well that styling isn't necessary -- I just wash and air dry, saving me hours each morning -- a perfect match to my personality and lifestyle.  Sometimes I even think she knows maybe a little too much about me.  "Is this a breakup cut?" she asked me one day, after asking her to chop off all of my hair."Well, maybe.. I guess it is." At least she helped me come to my senses and not change everything because of a boy.  It's better than therapy, I swear.
<review# 1885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2009,7/30/2009,726,863,22,19,21>It's funny. No matter how many years I've been away from Livermore, I still see someone I know when I go here. It is the "Cheers" or "Central Perk" or Livermore. If the LLNL/early 20's part of my life were ever considered interesting enough to make it into a movie/sitcom/book, this place would totally be in it. After all, it is where "the rawest of Livermore culture" comes alive. I've grown very fond of this place over the years (and I remember when it opened). I have a plethora of stories (ask me about the restraining order being broken in front of my own innocent eyes) that involve this place. It is because of being alone at this place too many times that I learned that I must wear an invisible sign that reads, "I'm looking for baggage that goes with mine.*" because a lot of men have randomly bared their souls to me at this very coffee shop. My favorite was the guy who asked me, "I'm looking for a girlfriend. Where can I find one?" Or any stories that involve the tricycle guys who ask if I talk to toilets.Though the coffee is not my favorite, I will occasionally splurge on their version of the frappuccino. (It has ground beans in it). I will usually get one of their iced teas.  They tend not to care if you bring outside food in. The baristas have that "displaced Berkelian in the suburbs" thing going on. As such, if I have time to kill in Livermore (and recent networking obligations have brought me there a bit lately), I will usually kill it here. I'm a Peetnik and there is a Peet's down the street. That says something.Laptop users beware. They do have WiFi. However, one of the few electrical outlets that I found was on the other side of a huge easy chair. Random feats of furniture moving were required in order to plug in my laptop last week. * La Vie Boheme, Rent
<review# 1886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,7/29/2009,146,319,15,17,18>One thing the Bay Area struggles with is more conventional, call them old-school, American comfort-food places. Once you leave the world of California cuisine, fine dining, cheap Asian, and local specialties, you quickly fall into a world of chains and poor substitutes. I gave up on plain neighborhood pizza long ago and make my own. As for seafood--no, sometimes I don't want Cantonese, I don't want Thai, and I don't want vertical presentation. Where are the New England or Northeast-style places?On the water here in Oakland, I guess. I appreciate this place more each time I visit. Start with the varnished wood and nautical tchotchkies. Enjoy the marina views and the Town in the background. Wade into the extensive beer menu or order a carafe or pitcher (!) of wine. Then check out the pages of comforting dishes, heavily biased toward old-fashioned seafood. The iron pot cioppino and "dinky doo" seafood stew are two solid favorites, made with straight fish stock and tomatoes and piled with nice fresh fish and shellfish. Don't bother much with the sandwiches unless you want to get a little *too* American (i.e. heavy on unflavored starches) but stick with anything grilled or stewed. Jambalaya is mild but still tasty. A list of conventional stews piled on top of black beans and rice is creative without being out-of-place. Pastas are surprisingly well made. Appetizers are great happy hour beer companions (I love the three-avocado sample, despite the steep price). If you're not up for dinner, hit the upstairs bar and outside deck. On a warm day (or rare warm night), this is a fine place to enjoy coastal living.If only this place was closer to public transportation, or closer to anything else for that matter. I'd love to meet up with people here now and then, but it's more of a carpool spot. It is, however, on the way to OAK, and you can even cut through Alameda if 880 is backing up. Plus one star for having a public dock, so if you're traveling by boat, just tie up.
<review# 1887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2009,7/28/2009,212,286,11,15,14>On my way to Berkeley I always drive on Telegraph and I always pass by The Smokehouse but i never stopped by until this Sunday. It was a real nice and sunny Sunday so i was in a mood for a nice fat and juicy burger. So i stopped by the Smokehouse to see what they had. And they had some pretty good burgers. static.px.yelp.com/bphot…static.px.yelp.com/bphot…I got the double cheese burger with the deluxe toppings (lettuce, tomato, and mayo) without the deluxe toppings it would of only came with mustard, ketchup and relish. I need my mayo on my burger so the extra .60 cents was worth it. I liked the burger because they toasted both sides of the burger bun, so it had a real nice toasty taste to the whole burger. It was nice fat and juicy, they do it real old school so the burgers came in a little wax paper bag. I also got an order of the cheese frys and that was very tasty. They use real nacho cheese on the frys so they go together very well. My burger was 4.40 w/ deluxe toppings it was 5 bucks and my cheese frys was 3.50 so my meal was under 10 bucks. The place looks real nice, it had a old burger joint feel. Alot of benches outside near the big lawn and more park benches inside. Service was pretty on point. There was a kid taking the orders and a old guy making the burgers, things went well. They get pretty busy so plan on waiting a little.4 Stars for The Smokehouse in Berkeley
<review# 1888,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/11/2008,7/27/2009,301,844,20,17,16>After a challenging workout at the climbing gym, I decided we had earned treats, and milkshakes sounded REALLY good. Who cares that a big milkshake at 5pm would spoil my dinner? As my enabling friend pointed out, I'm a grown-up; I'm allowed to have ice cream for dinner. (Take that, Mom!) Foster Freeze completely hit the spot. A wide selection of flavors and mix-ins, including several real fruit options, made me feel like a kid in a candy store... which I suppose I kinda was. In an ironic attempt to be "healthy", I opted not to take advantage of the burgers and fries they offer as well. My super-thick milkshake (22ozs, only $5!) was delicious and had both seeds and identifiable chunks of fruit in it, so I was a very happy guy all the way home. Well, very happy until the following exchange:Me: Mmmmm, yummy. I can't believe I ate it all so fast though. Friend: I can. *grin*Me: *scowl* Next time I'm going alone.
<review# 1889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2009,7/26/2009,934,159,25,27,29>Um Central Perk...Ross..Rachel..Gunter...where's my latte? Oh wait..you switched it up and now it's an cafe that serves organic lunch and has dope records? WTF? Oh and live jazz and an open jam session on Sundays? Let me break out my trombone. I hate to say a place or thing is "the shit" or "the bomb" or whatever but this place is all that and a bag of kettle chips..which they serve with Kombucha. I spend hours at this place...it might not have the huge selection that an Amoeba has but there are some records that I've found here that I might never find at an Amoeba and that you might not even find at The Groove Merchant and the prices are decent. Ya some rare stuff is around the $14-25$ range but if the record shows any wear, scratches, etc the owner will usually mark down the price considerably. I mean I've found a Lou Donaldson record that would normally go for $30 for $3.99 because it had a few scratches that really didn't hurt the audio. And the guy that sells the records is pretty cool. He'll sometimes give you a little discount if you buy a lot..which I always end up doing...much to the chagrin of my wife. This place sucks me in. Oh ya..check out my latest dusty finds...as I always come out of that place covered in dust..sweet,,musty,,funky dust. youtube.com/watch?v=JJhW…youtube.com/watch?v=YaGw…youtube.com/watch?v=UX4W…
<review# 1890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2009,7/25/2009,412,187,31,26,27>Self masterbatory Intro, please skip: My bad players, I haven't even logged on to Yelp in a few months, and when I do... I have an ROTD. So this is my celebratory review, and what better way to celebrate than some fancy ass pizza (ok, hookers and blow was option #2)Review time!!Sometimes I feel like I'm treading the proverbial line between love and hate with Berkeley. On one hand, it's home to my intellectual upbringing, left wing ideologies and people that ride unicycles as their primary means of transportation. Then there's the Berkeley that I despise... actually it's a whole "Berklier-than-thou" central dogma that floats through the air like the smell of a burnt meth lab....  only the ones that have 1st hand experience really know it's there, but it hangs like a mushroom cloud. Let me explain "Berklier-than-thou-ness":"Dudebros" wearing neon Ray-Bans and  Bob Marley tees3rd world born babies wearing unmatching rainbow colored, co-op woven clothes being pushed in a stroller (that probably costs just as much as said baby) by a nanny that might even be from said baby's homeland.Trust fund college kids that are mistaken for local hobos.Vegetarian hobos. White people with dreads. (Jah bless!)Using the word "hegemonization" in everyday conversation (fuck, I did that last week)Drum circlesCheeseboard may just about be the Berkeley-est thing possible but I absolutely adore it. The people there are wonderful, down to earth, hardworking and folk that are making an honest living doing something cool, not preaching the Norcal/Alice Waters gospel of locally grown food. And damn, the food is good. On my worst days, I know I can take a 10 min walk from campus, get a good slice of crazy deliciousness, sit down and maybe strike up a conversation with someone while a live band performs. Half the greatness in this place lies in the food, while the other in it's Berkeleyness, I give in... you just can't help it. I've always come while there was a really chill live band and some little hippie baby dancing along to it. One time I even sat at the communal table next to an older gentlemen and we started shooting the shit. We talked about physics, travelling, politics and what not. Then, he called me an "exceptional young lady". He was a Nobel Laureate. Lady boners forever.  **Hilight-of-my-life**I still can't get over that. So now, whenever I get a slice of curried potato and leek pizza, I think.... "Man, I'm awesome"And so are you. Thanks cheeseboard!
<review# 1891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2009,7/24/2009,2016,1122,39,44,43>i have been wanting to get out to the jelly belly factory for so long so i finally just got out and did it. i had a free day so i hopped in the car and made the drive into fairfield. it was a rainy day but the drive was a piece of cake. as i pulled into the lot i immediately noticed the jelly belly buses, cars, bicycles, balloons and everything jelly belly. it didn't seem like there were many people around so i'm glad i went on a slow weekday to avoid the crowds.as i walked inside i immediately noticed how slow it was and i have to admit i thought i was the only person in the place. i then realized i wasn't alone and saw the people coming down the stairs finishing up their tour. all of a sudden the place was packed with people. after some hesitation about taking the tour i decided to get in line. after about 5 minutes they passed out our paper hats and the tour was about to begin. luckily there were only around 10 people in our tour and i must say a smaller group is where it's at. i just stayed in the back of the group and took my time so i could see and enjoy everything on the tour. unfortunately no pictures or video are allowed so i was a little bummed out about that. since i was at the back of the tour and taking my time it's possible to get some stealth pictures or video but i respected the privacy of the employees.the minute you head upstairs and into the first part of the tour your immediately hit with the greatest smell you can imagine. the smell for some reason made me smile and get really excited for this tour. something about the being there made me feel like a little kid tasting a jelly belly for the first time. i found the entire tour very informative and the many videos about the history and the bean making process is something right out of unwrapped on the food network. i did find myself watching the action on the factory floor much more than i was watching the videos. i saw some really cool things most others miss so just keep your eyes open. one guy on the floor was obviously in charge of quality control as he was tasting beans as they came down the conveyor belt. he then leaned over and spit it out into a can. now that's not something you'll see every day. he even looked a little shocked when he looked up and saw a tour at that time. well i'm ok with it as i would rather have someone check them before i get a hold of a bunk bean. the tour actually went alot faster than i thought it would but i plan on taking the tour again many times. at the end of the tour i was given my sample bag but i needed more than just a sample bag before i left. i immediately headed to the sample bar and proceeded to try way more than i should. the gift shop is HUGE and stocked full of everything jelly belly. they have every jelly belly flavor available as well books, clothing and a very good looking chocolate candy counter. you name your favorite chocolate covered candy and they have it and it's all made in the factory. i ended up buying a small bag of jbz because i love them so much and i just wish they still made all of the flavors they did when they first came out. the jbz are like m&ms but flavored like jelly belly's. i also got a small bag of the soda pop flavors and the ice cream parlour mix. now if they would only make a pumpkin jelly belly i would be set for life. after all of these years and no pumpkin, such a shame! i even bought a huge bag of belly flops because at half the price of regular jelly belly's it's quite the deal. the reason they are cheaper is because they are the beans that are flawed and don't make the final cut. it's so funny to see what some of these things look like. one of them in my bag had about 8 clumped together and was huge. i now have enough candy to last me hopefully until the end of the year but i really doubt it. i had to get out of that place quickly. i was already in there for almost 2 hours looking around. it's so addictive and fun. here are some fun facts i got out of my visit to the factory-the real flavor of the booger jelly belly is mushrooms and worcestershire sauceIt takes 7 to 21 days to make a single jelly belly jelly beanthe original eight flavors of jelly belly beans introduced in 1976 were very cherry, root beer, cream soda, tangerine, green apple, lemon, licorice and grapenatural flavors are used whenever possible like fruit purees in raspberry, blueberry and peach- real peanut butter in peanut butter and real jalapeno pepper in jalapeno jelly belly beanssome of the weirdest requests for jelly belly flavors include mac and cheese, sour cream, avocado, ground beef and bacon and eggsi have some ideas for gross flavors so how about theses.....dirty sock, corn dog, burnt hair, play doh, crayon, pennies & underarm sweat
<review# 1892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2009,7/23/2009,424,1322,13,26,26>The new husband and I like to lunch together on Saturday afternoons while the daughter participates in a drama program. This being said, we were on our way to another restaurant when I saw a "Grand Opening" banner and then "BBQ" and I had the husband do a fast U-turn so we could check it out.We parked in front and walked into a small store front. A very nice gentleman asked if we were dining in or taking out. When we advised we were eating in, he directed us back out the front door around the corner to the actual restaurant. The front is for take out orders only. When we opened the door, there were several tables and a lovely back patio. We opted to sit on the patio since it was a gorgeous day and were given menus. Out waitress was great-she put up with all of my questions about everything from asking if the lamb was domestic or imported, what was in the house dressing and if the fries (and sweet potato fries) were made in house(yes). The menu consists of typical BBQ fare-brisket, chicken, pulled pork and ribs, along with some other things like seafood and daily specials. The husband ordered the brisket lunch plate, I ordered the quarter chicken lunch plate with some bbq  shrimp on my salad. Both of our meats had good flavor, but it was the shrimp that blew me away.  I swear, they were the best shrimp I have ever eaten from just about any restaurant. Plump, juicy and succulent. Since this place has only been open for about 3 weeks, they have a few things to work out. It would be nice if they served a slice of baguette with the lunch or dinner plates(like Bo's does) and I was told they would be adding bbq beans to their menu soon. The only side options for now are salad (which comes with the meal), fries, sweet potato fries and mayo based potato salad and cole slaw. Pepsi products and a decent wine list round out the menu with a few dessert items that we did not try. All in all, a very satisfying meal that didn't feel heavy or greasy at all. It is nice to find a good restaurant in Alamo and I can't wait to come back!
<review# 1893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2009,7/22/2009,231,1069,17,28,23>This cafe has been my little hideout whenever I needed a quiet and reliable place to work. Although the general lack of windows and stuffy backroom are not the most ideal for casual hangout, this place has a strange way of keeping me focused and productive. I've been here plenty of times since my last review, including pulling an 11-hour marathon yesterday as I frantically completed an important research document. It wasn't until yesterday that I started to see this place differently for its true value, and for all the intangible wealth that exists.Although their food is short of earth shattering and never spectacular, no other cafés can beat their diverse array of all-day breakfast items, sandwiches, bagels, salads, espresso drinks and smoothies. The taste is as consistent as you can get and portions are always generous. Since the last review I've tried the following:Spicy chicken wrap ($5.25) & Turkey wrap ($4.75): The lavash falls apart a little too quickly but it had plenty of fillings to hit the spot. It is best to have it when it is served warm and toasty with the non-fried spicy chicken being my fave. I thought their turkey is decent but it could have been way better had I not ask them to skip the mayo and cheese. Nice portion and good price.Egg bagel ($2.75): You might need to manually add salt and pepper to the mix but this bagel is served warm with a large scrambled egg in the center. These little toasty hand warmers are so comforting and useful during my most stressful times.Turkey sandwich ($4.75): The sandwich came with very good toasted french roll to work in concert with turkey, tomato, red onions, sprouts, lettuce, and pickles. My addition of provolone cheese was nicely melted to bring all the flavors together into a delicious focus.Mediterranean plate ($6.25): My dinner last night includes a decent hummus with drip olive oil on top, babaghanouge, falafel, delicious grape leaves, block of feta, kalamata olives and warm pita. Although the nice looking dish was decent and not the best, it was still a great value for the price. It was a lot of food and I finished it all.Large soy Americano ($3.25): I really like their coffee and espresso drinks. It's always strong and potent. They took good care of me yesterday by giving me a freebie after dinner. That really made my day and they took time to thank me for the visit as I was about to leave.Teas: I absolutely love their iced hisbiscus tea ($2 medium). It's very refreshing and a must get if you are a tea drinker. I also enjoy their loose leaf ($2.50) vanilla green, rooibos, and genmaicha to round out my top three.Yesterday they were open until midnight so it felt good to know that I had some extra time to revise and send off the document.  Service was topnotch as always. 4 stars for the structural layout but outstanding service lends itself a 5 stars outcome.Power to the People!
<review# 1894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2009,7/21/2009,833,1145,14,17,15>+++LIVE jazz MUSIC+++I generally don't like fusion cuisine too much, especially Asian Fusion. I like my Eastern food traditional and Western food continental, but there are impressive exceptions like Nouvelle Bistro.I'm sure I've said this before, but I'll say it again. Any restaurant that gets my filet mignon right is top notch in my book. This wins big points with me. The blackend ahi sashimi was great, but the lettuce wrap I could have made easily at home. It wasn't my idea to order it. Also, there are many salads to choose from, though I would probably never order one here.Another time, I went for my birthday without making reservations or even calling first and it was closed for a private party. Darn.+affordable prix fixe meal+lovely booth seats+dim lighting
<review# 1895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2008,7/20/2009,423,725,12,16,15>We (meaning JP and I) are getting a beautiful little 3-year-old rescued Brussels Griffon.  There it is, the secret's out.  A little bearded dog.  We were on our way back from PetCo in Alameda when we used the iPhone Yelp App to find a little dog accessory store in Alameda.  Not that we couldn't have done this in Oakland, but we were very happy to have discovered Dog Bone Alley.They had the dog carrier we were looking for at the same price we had seen online, the Snoozer bag with backpack straps, wheels for rolling, and a U-shaped handle for rolling it around.  It even has seatbelt straps for the backseat.  And it (just barely) fits under the seat as carry-on for most airlines.  For dogs up to 15 lbs.  It's perfect.  Internal hook hooks to the little guy's collar.  So if you see a guy on a bike (maybe even on a motorcycle) with a strange backpack and a little bearded dog peeking out, holla!  All these features were explained to us by the perfect salesperson - she owns one of these, showed us how to use it, and explained to us the advantages and disadvantages.  Great sales help here!We picked up a few odds and ends and they even had dog outfits.  I will not be responsible for my dog being dressed up like a panda, but I'd have to say it could be pretty cute.  Actually, the West Coast Chompers hoodie was pretty cool . . .
<review# 1896,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/31/2008,7/19/2009,120,24,19,12,10>I managed to live in Los Angeles for four years without ever getting a fake n' bake and/or spray tan. I clung to my pale pastiness as Nicole Kidman clings to hers and her pillow baby. But New Years eve rolled around and I seem to be having some sort of quarter life crisis, or else I wanted something--anything--to camouflage my winter blubber, because I gave in. I wanted the quick fix. Give me the spray tan. The place itself is clean and inviting if not slightly tacky. To be expected. But the chick working there didn't show me any dang video pre-tanning. She also failed to warn my virgin spray tan ass that one must close their eyes and hold their breath during this mayhem. All I can say is, when that stuff started spraying my heart thundered and I felt a panic rise in my chest and the insane urge to sprint out of the joint, naked, and only tanned on a quarter of my body. But I ignored the urge and survived the time. 24 hours, 30 dollars, and a Los Angeles glow later...it is a-ok. The taste still is in my mouth, my feet look like brown stuff is dripping all over them (luckily winter=covered feet), and genius over here forgot to remove her watch...which almost makes the thing look more authentic, and my hands are spotty at best. However, considering how wretched the actual experience (and smell) were, my fake tan doesn't look completely horrendous. I don't think I will be going back for more spray as it was way too traumatizing to my sensitive soul. Perhaps the harder stuff next time: the booth!
<review# 1897,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/25/2009,7/18/2009,264,294,7,14,11>My friend Margaret was a huge fan of Zax Tavern, so she was really excited to hear that Sidebar opened.  Excited from all the rave reviews we ate dinner at Sidebar this evening.I instantly liked the atmosphere, and the prominently displayed bar is going to be amazing when they get their hard liquor license.  Our server was nice, didn't rush us, and was overly willing to make recommendations.  Overall, though, I wasn't wowed.We started with the grilled calamari salad with bacon vinaigrette ($9) and duck liver crostini ($7.50).  While the duck liver crostini was fatty, rich, and delicious, the accompanying salad and calamari salad were overdressed.  The squid, which was grilled, was undercooked and kind of slimy.  I'm not sure we were given enough it also to justify the $9 price tag.That said, I really appreciated the portion sizes and prices for the mains.  While a fair amount smaller than the entrees at my "boyfriend's" (Wood Tavern), all mains at Sidebar are around $5-10 cheaper but still filling.Margaret had the brined/grilled double cut pork chop ($17).  While nicely cooked, the butchering wasn't superb and she got a bunch of funky bony bites.  The cannelloni bean ragout was good but unevenly cooked and could have used some form of veg or color.  My heavily recommended atlantic cod stew ($19) was very flavorful and my fish was cooked perfectly.  The clams, however, weren't cleaned properly and I got a lot of grit.  Overall that issue was trumped by the fact that I ate all of our bread just to mop up the delicious sauce.For dessert, Margaret had the "Almond Joy" ($6.50) which is basically a fudge brownie with ice cream, caramel sauce,toasted coconut/almonds and whipped cream.  I had the angel food cake with strawberries and whipped cream ($6.50).  Both were very simple yet good, and my latte reminded me of how much I dearly miss having good coffee.I had a good time here, I just think they need to work out some kinks, especially in the prep kitchen.  I'm looking forward to going back in a few months to see what happens.  Also, while the menu was nicely sized, it seemed like it suffered from a little imagination.  Sidebar has a ton of potential but I'm not sure it's quite there yet.  Seeing as they just opened, I hope other people give it a try; I'm wishing this place the best.
<review# 1898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,7/17/2009,252,388,15,18,19>Tasting room is open  Friday, Saturday and Sunday 12 - 5 p.m. and worth the visit.Walking in you are presented with a Wine Tasting Menu. Not a list but a Menu. There were 8 whites, 11 reds and 3 dessert wines when we visited last weekend. For a total price of $0. Yes, zero!!I loved the tasting room. It's in the back of a barn, in what looks like a storage area, part of the original structure back in the 19th century. I appreciate they put their money into their wine and not into the fancy tasting room.I really enjoyed many of their wines. I enjoyed the feel of the room. I enjoyed the employees. I enjoyed my whole visit. They even give a great discount. 5% off 6-11 bottles, 10% off 1 - 2 cases 15% off 2+ cases. The nice thing, you can mix and match anything you want to make those cases.I'll be back, and I'll be bringing more friends.
<review# 1899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2009,7/16/2009,575,224,29,32,30>Picture the perfect blue sky, with the sun shining overhead, its beams dancing playfully on your body, warming you all over.You're standing on top of a small hill in a sea of large rolling fields, short grass vibrant green and spotted with luscious red, white, yellow, purple, blue, and pink colorful flowers. The seaside is just on one side and mountains are at the opposite end. There's even a rainbow.The light breeze is perfect and in a moment, you lift off the ground and begin soaring through the large puffy white clouds in the sky, looking down at the beauty of nature while you fly in any direction you choose.Now close your eyes and take yourself to this dream. I'll even provide the soundtrack youtube.com/watch?v=KxyV… (LA Valse d'Amelie by Vann Tiersen)If you can't imagine that, then this is where Dream Collections comes to your rescue static.px.yelp.com/bphot… . Located inside Pacific Mall East, it's the newest edition of Asian cuteness to infiltrate the plaza.Entering Dream Collections is like walking into a Japanese cartoon, complete with happy dancing characters, cute décor, and the perfect amount of dim lighting to make everything seem like a dream. The items on display are brightly lit to call attention to them static.px.yelp.com/bphot… . This contrast creates a beautiful harmony, and you almost feel like you're in an art show. Carol, the proprietor, offers cute gifts from Hello Kitty themed jewelry, adorable napkin/name card holders, energy efficient (solar power) bobble heads static.px.yelp.com/bphot… , and other random tidbits. While the selection is limited at this time, it certainly does not lack in quality.I picked up 3 bobble heads (Nightmare before Christmas, fisherman, and Hello Kitty) for a good price and Carol even delicately gift wrapped them individually with tissue paper, expertly fitting it to the round shaped box. Just bear in mind that it's cash only at this time. This place is perfect if you're looking for a completely random bit of cuteness as a gift when a puppy or kitten just isn't possible.I didn't want to leave Dream Collections as I was smitten in a state of cute content. It felt like I was hit with a ton of teddy bears, and put to sleep. But alas, you must return to reality sooner than later...Someone smack me over the head with a brick so I can fall asleep and dream of a time of innocence, irresponsibility, and caring about nothing. Or these things: static.px.yelp.com/bphot…
<review# 1900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2009,7/15/2009,140,371,18,17,20>A breezy night out with my buddies in the East Bay for a blithesome bout of beverages and a bite had us bent on brainstorming for a bearing to a befitting bar. Bound for B Street, passing the Bistro and Buffalo Bill's, Bijou Restaurant & Bar wasn't beyond our reach, and proved brilliant! Bonjour, and welcome to Bijou! A bit busy, but not boisterous, this bistro is bustling. The background may be brewing with babel, but isn't overbearing. The barroom is bedecked beautifully, I won't belabor to the point; to be blunt, Bijou is the bee's knees.After brief babble and friendly banter with the barman, he made us bona fide beverages and bubbly beers that were briskly belted upon being bestowed. There are no blue plates, but we ordered bunches of bonne bouches for our late night banquet. I had booze and brulée, and some balderdash to boot. My cohorts had blush and bourbon, and were buzzed and befuddled, and beyond blissful. A bit of a bingeing and being bombed, we got our bill and braced ourselves to break bread. To our bewilderment, it wasn't beyond our means, the best bang for the buck! Without breaking the bank, we bid our farewell to the best at Bijou, bonne nuit!I'll blazon my blogs that Bijou is the new best in the Bay. I will be back for brunch to try the bacon, benedict, and bellinis, but I'll be sure to book a booth as I've heard it is busy even before noon.Bon appetite!
<review# 1901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2009,7/14/2009,523,699,23,39,31>I am a walking train wreck in terms of injuries.When I was six, I broke my arm roller skating.  My mom didn't believe me, told me to sit down and watch Sesame Street, and FINALLY realized something was wrong when I went into shock.When I was 10, I broke my tooth from skateboarding on my knees on my cool orange Nash skateboard and faceplanting into the sidewalk.In high school during track/cheerleading seasons I suffered any number of ailments such as a sprained ankle, a pulled groin muscle (during a hurdle race, no less), pulled my glute during cheerleading tryouts, and fractured my right medial femoral condyle due to those stupid hurdles.When I was 26, I drove into a tree with my car and had a closed compound fracture of my left ulna & radius which required an ORIF.  Good times.In the past few years, I've had knee pain.  I'm not really a runner, but I do a lot of weight exercises at the gym.  The pain comes and goes, sometimes severe, and sometimes nothing at all.  I saw Dr. Jupina for this a couple of years ago and got an MRI- have a torn medial meniscus.Dr. Jupina gave me my options- including surgery.  At the time, I decided against it, and have lived with it.  Earlier this year, I went back to discuss surgery again- but didn't go through with it because I had to get a stupid root canal.  What's great about Dr. Jupina is he is professional, straight forward, and will discuss everything with you.  He is never rushed, and does not pressure you into surgery (unlike some orthopedic surgeons I know).I still plan on having my surgery in the future, and would only trust Dr. Jupina.
<review# 1902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2009,7/13/2009,86,153,18,15,16>Can I just live here? Can I commune with the kimchi and cuddle with the coffee beans? Can I consume all your kombucha and caress your cantaloupes? So, they finally opened on Thursday and I've already visited thrice. I've stalked the extensive new cheese section and lurked by the mushroom bins. I've tested the parking garage (my one gripe: poor signage!! drive very, very cautiously!) and sailed through the checkout at what should be  peak berkeley brawl clusterfuck time. I can say without hesitation that this place is the shit.Lots of prices have yet to be put up, so if you're lucky like I was and the cashier doesn't know it, she might, oh I don't know, say sell you a giant bottle of grade A Vermont maple syrup for $4.00 (at least a $13 dollar value). And you get a free cloth bag with purchase!! I want to be buried here. Like, for real.
<review# 1903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2008,7/12/2009,389,574,18,15,17>Yes, there are a lot of 40-somethings who hang out here at BCs...and so it seemed an appropriate place to celebrate my induction into "Club 40," and as it happens, the 10th anniversary of the night my guy proposed to me.I get why people like the bar here.  Strong drinks, live music, good appetizers (We shared the baked brie and I had the broccoli cream soup...both were delish.) and on this night, salsa dance lessons.  Hot!  Five stars for that.When my entree arrived is when they lost a star from me.  Somewhat salty and plain salmon on a bed of overcooked "corn" risotto with very little corn flavor.  I'm pretty sure it also must have had some MSG thrown in for good measure based on how I felt after eating it.  Meh.  Hubby ended up finishing a good portion of mine...and I'm usually right there with him in the clean plate club.  As we finished our entrees, an employee flung open the curtains, to reveal.....a view of Macys.  Bleh.  They should have left them closed, the dark candlelit room was much more romantic.  I was going to order a dessert, but they brought me a very yummy, super rich, little flourless chocolate bday cake with a candle on the plate and just about then the band struck up a latin flavored rendition of "happy birthday."  Sweet.Though my entree was less than impressive, all the other food was really good, as was the service...so overall BCs ends up with 4 stars from me.  And if you must know...I went home with the guy I came in with.  He's married.  And hot.  And I think I'm in love.  Rawwwr.
<review# 1904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2009,7/11/2009,373,248,22,26,27>I seriously dream about Frankensteining all my Vietnamese restaurants into one perfect Vietnamese restaurant. . . so I could order everything I love in one place.  It would be cobbled together as follows:Pho Hoa Hung for the best broth anywhere. . I love their broth so much. . deep, rich, balanced. . .HOT as hell which is how it should be.  The restaurant is also SUPER clean. . no sticky nothing.Rang Dong for their awesome raw beef salad. . it is the best raw beef salad in Oakland.Pho King for their completely awesome cha gio. . they are so amazingly good!Kang Nam for their generosity with the bo tai in my pho. . they put so much meat on the little plate. . it makes me so happy! (and even though they are in NO WAY Vietnamese, I loooove the potstickers at Kang Nam).And as weaksauce as Le Cheval is, their chicken salad is the closest I have ever come to my beloved and much lamented Vi's.  This might sound lame but one of the most important parts of any Vietnamese meals for me is the iced coffee. . .I love iced coffee and Pho Ao Sen makes the absolute BEST IN THE WORLD!  Yes, the world I said. . .no lie.   Seriously - go get one now and see if I am lying.As far as everything else here. . .yes, it's true that pigeons are sometimes guests of your meal as they saunter from the parking lot into the restaurant.  They get chased out pretty quickly but some people might freak out about that.  They have this little patio off the parking lot and I like to eat at the four top back there so I can keep an eye on the Lou dog in the car.  If you're sitting there, you can hear the ladies in the kitchen talking.  I wish to god I spoke Vietnamese because I just know from the sounds of their conversation that they are throwing down some serious gossip and I want to know what's up!  The other table on the patio is almost always occupied by young men who look like they are part of a criminal syndicate.  I am always slightly apprehensive because I sometimes fear I will be one of those unfortunate headlines -  "innocent bystander hit by stray drive-by bullet whilst slurping up some pho".  These boys sit out there talking long shit about everything - it's quite interesting.  Entertaining as all hell.The broth at Ao Sen has a little more cinnamon than I like but otherwise is solid. . .also, their herbs include culantro and are super fresh and clean.  Their cha gio are a little greasy but they serve it right with lots of lettuce and fresh herbs and the cha gio have nice chunks of prawn in them.   Things in the sauce/chopstick/spoon caddy tends to be a little sticky which is why I am knocking off a star. . that and the fact the the website is one of those most misleading I have ever seen . .if you went by the way the place looks on the website, you'd be so surprised by reality (and not in a good way!).  Service is efficient and again, THE ICED COFFEE is simply amazing!If I could get all those elements available at Pho Ao Sen, I would pretty much live there. . right on the patio, iced coffee perpetually by my side.
<review# 1905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,7/10/2009,1211,478,28,26,28>After living in Fremont for most of my life, I have never hiked up Mission Peak.When Jennifer N. invited me to join, I quickly agreed, thinking it wouldn't be so hard, since she carries her 34lb baby on her shoulders!  I grabbed my backpack, and stuffed it with 2 water bottles and I was ready!The beginning was easy enough, and then I got tired and took a little break, mainly people watching (the marathon runners who were going all the way to Livermore, 31 miles!).  I decided to continue my hike up and made a new friend while hiking!  I just basically told him, that I was going to follow him. With me and my new friend named, Z, we finally made it up, there we saw Jennifer N., Donna Y., and Vijay P., who told me they had just reached the top too!  Hey!  I wasn't even lagging that bad!And then coming down..I fell.Then Donna fell.Thank goodness, Jennifer N. didn't fall!
<review# 1906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2009,7/9/2009,126,1452,16,21,22>Thanks to Toni M. and her review of this place I got two watches fixed that I have been carrying around in my purse for about a year.One watch needed a new battery and one needed to be resized.  I was very near here and decided, based on Toni M's review, to take it in.  It is very clean in the shop and he fixed my watch right there at the counter at his little work station.  There was a man sitting there, Im not sure if he was a customer or a co worker but we got in to a conversation about the weather and painting of things.  He was a very interesting person and enjoyed my chat while I waited.  I would highly recomend this place.  Great customer service and the price was around $13.  I was very happy and told him that I read a review of his business on line and he came very highly recommended.  Thanks Toni M.I wore one of my watches yesterday and I got many compliments.
<review# 1907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2009,7/7/2009,610,620,32,26,28>You can be a winner at the game of Life!I was a winner at Albatross.  That's right, thee be dubbed the Cranium Master.I met some friends here for a game night.  I had brought a couple of games but the newest group that had formed was calling for "Life".  I ran up to check out the game list, they do not have Life BUT they have a ton of fun games to choose from.We ended up defaulting back to the game I had brought in (Cranium). My beautiful partner in crime and I proceeded to humdinger, sculpt and out trivia (I'll forget to mention the part where I got to stand in the middle of the room and charade the action "vibrate" *evil giggles*) everyone else at the table.When asked what I wanted to drink, I took a look at the menu.  It made my eyes hurt.  There were pages of options. I took the easy out, "What do you like?"  I love trying new things and hate making decisions.I was then introduced to my newest and most favorite beer in the world.  Fin du Monde.  End of the World.  Mmm, try it.It was quite busy for a Wednesday night and they seemed to struggle a bit to keep up with the large crowd.  The staff was not rude in any way but they were obviously very busy and a little frantic.Random thoughts that stuck in my head like a fly to flypaper:Popcorn stand: Little red bowls of goodness that you can salt to your hearts content.Dart Lane: Somewhat of an obstacle course if you are flip flopping between friends in the main area and your husband playing pool in the back room.  It was kind of fun.  I felt like Spy Hunter weaving and dancing through the lanes.Decor: Trippy, whimsical and eclectic. I loved it. Bonus points for the coat rack in the middle of the joint.  It being clearly visible and centrally located = very easy to keep an eye on my jacket.Vibe:  This place has various moods.  There were couples quietly snuggled in corners playing cards, chess, etc.  There were more lively groups sprinkled here and there, all clearly enjoying themselves.  Individuals, seemingly in attendance more to people watch rather than to participate, lined the bar.Hilarious: The "lovingly altered" apples to apples cards.  LMAO.  Check them out because "buying sex in your parents house" is so much more fun for awkward than just "buying a house", and that was the PG one. ;)You'll have a great time at Albatross!
<review# 1908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2009,7/6/2009,301,336,59,39,35>I rolled into Grand Nails with Astrid last weekend to get a pedicure and relax from a long week of packing and moving.  There's nothing better than dipping your sore, tired tootsies into minty hot water, turning on the back massager and letting the nail technicians work out the tension in your feet. There must be some kind of stigma about men showing their faces in nail salons because I NEVER see any in these places.  Guys, you REALLY don't know what you're missing.  So just for you I would like to present...The Men's Guide to Pedicures:Lesson #1: Dude, Cut Your Toenails!Seriously.  I've seen some of you guys at the beach, it's like your toes have never seen the business end of a pair of clippers.  They're all tore up and cracked and ingrown.  C'mon guys, when you finally get around to making sexy time with the ladies, what do you think will be going through her mind when she sees your nasty toenails?  The ladies at Grand Nails will grind those talons down for you, even if they have to break out the pruning shears and the power sander.Lesson #2: Is That A Callus?What is that disgusting hard dry spot on your heel?  It makes a scraping noise when you walk.  You probably shouldn't be wearing flip flops with those revolting growths on your feet.  That's foul, man.  What self-respecting woman is going to let those feet anywhere near her?  Listen to me, go into Grand Nails and let the ladies grind away at those calluses and dead skin.  Your feet will turn out soft and smooth...and your lady might even allow you to snuggle with her in bed.  Snuggling leads to other things, trust me on this one. Lesson #3: It's Chillaxin'!After your nail technician grinds, scrapes and atomizes the hard growths on your feet, you're in for some gratification.  No, not self-gratification, save that for when you're home alone.  I'm talking about a 20-30 minute foot, leg and calf massage that leaves you feeling semi-orgasmic.  Don't worry about the chubber, just stay sitting down in the chair until it goes away.Lesson #4: It's Called Man-tenance!Look, you can call it what you want.  'Metrosexual', 'Effeminate', 'Girly.'  You're the one missing out if you discredit it with names like this.  I prefer to call it 'Man-tenance.'  C'mon, you go to the doctor when you're sick, you go to the barber when you need a haircut and you go to the mechanic to get your car fixed.  Why wouldn't you go to a nail salon to get your toes did?So I hope I've addressed some of the scarier parts of the nail salon experience and helped assuage your fears.  Guys it's your feet, go treat them right at Grand Nails!
<review# 1909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2009,7/5/2009,380,441,17,23,21>sunday's at GGF have to be one of the best bargain deals in the bay area. $1 admission, parking, beer, hot dogs, cracker jacks, sodas, water, programs, and cheat sheets. seriously for $20 you could come here, get drunk, pig-out, and bet on some horses. i had never been to live horse racing before, so i was definitely excited and i had a good time.we came on "dauchsund derby" day. traffic was a little bad, although not awful. GGF, itself, was packed. im not sure if it's always like this, or if it was just extra packed due to the wiener-dogs. parking was easy, although only if you park fairly far from the entrance. they really need to have have lot letters/numbers though(like at ballparks), because finding your car is a challenge upon leaving. downstairs seating is free. upstairs is $2 per person, plus an additional $3 a person in you want a booth. there are also regular seats up there. it's actually a decent deal, considering the view from up-top is better, and you are under the shade. we had no idea of the $2 fee, so we went up there for free(when the employee was busy with a patron). but we went back down to get some food, and when we tried to go back up, they asked for a stamp. nothing wrong with the free seating downstairs :)for the $1 items, you fall in line and buy tokens. then you fall in seperate lines for the food/drinks. both lines were very long, although it shorter downstairs. at one point they had a problem with the CO2, which meant no beer. that could have started a riot, but they fixed the problem within 10 minutes. i wish i could have taken more advantage of the $1 beers(12 ounce cups of kegged bud light), but i was hungover from the night before. i still managed to drink 2, however. there are also plenty of other food/drink items available for purchase at various prices.betting-wise, you buy a ticket, then you insert the ticket into machines to make your bets. we didn't win, but that's ok because we came for the fun. they basically alternated doggie-races, live horse races, and televised horse-races(from santa anita) throughout the day. the wiener dogs were adorable and the horses were gorgeous. a great outing on a beautiful day. i hope to go here more often on sunday's.
<review# 1910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2009,7/4/2009,792,96,27,28,31>From the street stained sidewalk that leads you to the dingy pearly gates of Berkeleys heaven. To the midnight marauders that stand in it's presence....there's a place where the young man who runs away from the fields of Iowa comes to go. There's a sound that brings the rock sister from the taverns of the Midwest. There is a place that is generational and common to you and I. A place where the first beer will always be the last one remembered.Alternative guitar players and grunge fired super stars. University students gone rogue..if only for the night. Beautiful women more animated then digital google lust. More conversation then a Yelp thread-a-thon.The reverb is bringing my liquid glass to the edge of the bar, and only the one who's staring at me notice's it. Best friends met for the first time that night. Relationships put on hold, at least till the music stops after last call. She wore a red dress with black boots, he wore a pair of jeans fresh from the rack that afternoon.The magnetism brought their eyes upon one another....the looking orgy begins. She wonders if he'll ever come to her...he wonders if she'd ever wait for him, wait for the courage to say "hello" to set in. All the while the musicians with no name plays a song that will one day be famous, one day be remembered.Every year the lively seek refuge from the dull drums of despair, every season or two, you can find em in a place....a small wonder called Blakes.
<review# 1911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2008,7/3/2009,266,222,22,22,19>Straight from the mouth of my Japanese grandmother: "This is a different kind of Chinese food. It's Good!"Now, before you get all offended let me explain; Grandma is hella picky. I mean, she'll eat whatever you give her but if she doesn't like it, she'll tell you.Straight. UpLast time we went to a restaurant together was for my great aunt - her sister's - funeral and she made it a point to tell *everyone* who attended the brunch that the food was "terrible" and had " absolutely no taste.""Did you like the food? It sure was terrible wasn't it?" "Are you full? The food sure was bland..."  "I didn't like it one bit...I couldn't even taste it!""How do you get Miso soup wrong?"She's hardcore.When I heard we were going to Kirin for an extended family member's graduation from grad school I was interested to see how things were going to pan out. Usually, when the family gets together we all go to someone's house where they make the food *exactly* the way they like it. I must admit, I was a bit nervous about this outing....There was about 22 - maybe 25? - of us and I was really impressed with the service! The family throwing the party pre-ordered everything family style. There was Cherry Pork, Chow Mein, dumpling soup, lettuce wraps, spring rolls, green beans...lots and lots to choose from and it was all so good!Everything came out timely and was served hot, too. This is definitely a task to complete when there were 3 large tables to attend to.Every order came in doubles and was placed  at both ends of each table which made everything easily accessible. Sodas were served in cute little glass bottles with cups of ice too. As far as atmosphere goes, if you have a big party, there's a beautiful - large - vase separating the regular dining area from the private dining area. It really made us feel like we had the restaurant to ourselves.Overall, everyone loved the food and we all had a great experience eating at Kirin. The waiters and waitresses seemed a BIT overwhelmed with our big crowd but really did a great job keeping things in order.I came. I ate. I talked. I saw baby Mia. I left full. It was a good Sunday indeed.Next time I'm in the mood for some 'good' Chinese food, as grandma says, I'll head up to Kirin.
<review# 1912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2008,7/2/2009,371,281,39,32,36>I was sort of an odd kid, or as one of my sister's friends so eloquently put it "The creepy, quiet little girl in the big house who's always looking out the window."I wouldn't say I was exactly creepy, although I did used to wake up at 6 am and sing "Tomorrow" at the top of my lungs at the tip of the staircase. Creeeeeepy.My friend and I also made up pretend games where we were rich kids at boarding school, and another gem where we combined all the characters from the Cosby Show, Family Matters and A Different World. Ok, so maybe I was a little creepy. And do you know what creepy kids love? Fairy tales! And plastic keys! And painted wood cutouts that you can put your face in and magically transform into one of the three pigs! Because in all seriousness, who hasn't wanted to be a pig at some point in their life?I remembered Fairyland as large and elaborate, with HUGE ships and an Alice in Wonderland maze that takes an entire weekend to find your way out of.Well, on my first trip back to Fairyland  as an adult I was fairly disappointed. The place seemed barren and run down (although we went in the winter). The paint was chipping off most displays, giving a sort of forgotten and haunted appearance, and the animal's quarters were shabby, smelly and woebegone. Each exhibit seemed small and painfully without interaction.On my second trip as an adult, the place seemed to have received a recent face lift. The paint was fresher and more vibrant, the concession stands were open and bustling, and the enthusiastic staff entertained and conducted with the gusto of circus freaks.As I stood and silently judged the smell of the new pony's house, I looked over at my ecstatic nephew, bursting out of his skin with excitement, waving frantically at the mellow, extremely child-friendly creature, and realized that Fairyland is exactly what it was when I was a child. It was big and playful with colorful characters from my favorite storybooks. The kids don't notice the chipped paint and depressing bunny hutches. They dance about laughing at the guinea pigs and sprinting toward the train with reckless abandon. And if you're my nephew, you'll throw a tantrum next to the cotton candy seller because your mom is making you pee in the potty instead of in the bushes next to the train tracks.
<review# 1913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2008,6/30/2009,52,132,14,16,13>When was the last time i had so much fun..took hours for the thing to settle, yes i did fly!!! what a great experience. You should always do appointments on this one coz the place seem always full even with walk-ins. Being a control-freak, its worth it letting go and letting science control you up and above, spinning in circles hoping no faulty technology failure comes up like banging your head on the wall or stuff. They have you suited up in flying gears with handles on the sides, a 30 minute class, you come in with a group, you can have your flying video for 29$ and a total 2 minute fly time for $50. Thats how much you pay to have a two-minute facial massage and positive-pressure ventilation which I highly recommend for sleep apnea patients..j/k. IT WAS REALLY FUN.Very friendly staff and one cute instructor.
<review# 1914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2009,6/29/2009,275,243,17,19,17>HA ha HA! I have done it again. I have spent less than $25 to fill up two people, had a crap load of leftovers, didn't have to worry about vegetarian items not being vegetarian, got free dessert, and didn't feel sick afterward. All in one meal!Actually, no. This is the ONLY place that I've gotten all of those things listed above! Ha HA ha.Their noodle and rice dishes were so gooood, I wish I had five stomachs so I could continuously shovel it into my mouth. We got free cantaloupe tapioca from the owner!! It was awesome. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2008,6/28/2009,832,283,76,67,79>NEWSPAPER CAN BE USED TO: --wrap breakables --line birdcages --construct papier-mâché  lofasz --wipe the dooky bullseye off the ass of the pantsless guy outside De Lauer's I don't usually buy the paper, because I am cheap and I like having clean hands. I know, Bill Maher would give me a spanking *wink*, but I get most of my news online. I have, however, always been a fan of De Lauer's because they are one of the few vendors that sell my beloved Zoetrope All-Story, and they are open 24 hours. Because 3 am is the best time to meet FOINE men reading Jugs at the newsstand. Yesterday, however, I wanted a newspaper. No, I NEEDED a newspaper. (OBAMA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) I went to the liquor store. The man laughed at me. "Newspaper? BWAHAHAHAHAHAHA! We sell out at 7 this morning. You shit out of luck, lady!" Then I went to Lucky's. More laughter. "Ma'am, you don't really think you're going to find a newspaper in Oakland this morning, do you? You're going to need to go through the tunnel, to Republican country." And so I drove to Lafayette. This was only the second time in my life I had been to Lafayette, the first time being over a year ago, when my tire pressure light came on while I was on the 24 freeway and I stopped at the Chevron on Mt. Diablo Boulevard for free air.I went to every newspaper machine in Lafayette, only to find each one as barren as the mind of Sarah Palin. I asked a blond woman getting out of her car if she knew where I might find a paper. "Dear, I don't think we sell the Mexican newspaper in this town." "Um, I'm not Mexican." "Oh." Then, on my way back through the tunnel, I remembered De Lauer's. I called them first to check but they were so swamped by the post-election hysteria for papers that they didn't even answer the phone. I decided to give it a shot anyway. On the way into the store, I saw a woman grasping a copy of the Tribune like it was her first born. "They have them behind the counter, but they'll only let you have one copy," she told me. I got in line and waited patiently. I had really wanted to have a few copies--one to read, one for my friend, one to frame, and one to keep untouched, as a memento of the most glorious day this country has seen in my lifetime--but I was willing to take what I could get. When I got to the front of the line, I looked into the eyes of the cashier. "It's a beautiful day, isn't it?""Yes," he replied. "Yes, it is.""Could I possibly get more than one copy of the Tribune?" I asked. "It's really important.""How many do you want?""Could you guys spare four of them?  For a sentimental gal?" He appeared to think for a moment. He looked at me. He looked at the front page of the Tribune, at the picture of President-Elect Obama. "Yes," he said, handing me four copies of the paper. "Yes we can!" A lovely day, indeed.
<review# 1916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2009,6/27/2009,304,243,13,19,17>Great food, great customer service, & enough powder sugar on your biegnets to last you into the next year. I'm sooo glad to have finally made it over to Angeline's Louisiana Kitchen yesterday (Sun around 5:30pm) for my birthday weekend! yelp.com/biz_photos/Q4o6… Fellow Yelper, Leah E, salamat/thanks so much for ur input w/ u & ur bf on this place ;-)LOCATION: We parked in the garage parking just around the corner on Kittridge St ($4 flat rate) simply because we didn't feel like driving around to find parking. Greeted upon entrance & party of 4 got seated immediately. The restaurant isn't really large...probably around 8 4-seater-tables & another 8 2-seater-tables. yelp.com/biz_photos/Q4o6… Table & chairs are workable, but my bf sat across from his dad & they kept bumping their feet w/ each other. The 4-seater-tables, inner chairs had no arm rest whereas outter chairs did...might make a difference for those who prefer/need no arm rests.  SERVICE: Just great! Our waiter-Anthony was thorough checking in on us. We did notice tho, he gave straws to only me & bf who ordered drinks other than H20; the parents had to put in a request ;-) BF dropped a spoon (not enuf elbow space @ the table for him really), Anthony's colleague instantly comes in to pick up the spoon & hands off new/clean spoon to bf (not bad, right!) Even upon finishing up our meals, nice woman (heak could've been Angeline) came over to ask how was our experience & hopes we come back. As dad said, "The food definitely has 'come-back-ability'"   FOOD: GREAT! Already have plans of other items we'd like to try *tee-hee*! I had the Strawberry Lemonade & bf had "Swamp Water" yelp.com/biz_photos/Q4o6… both have free refills *kudos*; mine's cool, taste like it had soda or sparkling sumthin' in there...Swamp Water is a good recommendation for those who like unsweeten tea I think. Apps were Grilled Boudin Sausage yelp.com/biz_photos/Q4o6… & Hush Puppies yelp.com/biz_photos/Q4o6… both were good, especially Hush Puppies w/ Honey Butter *yummy* Moms had Penne Pasta yelp.com/biz_photos/Q4o6… ; she enjoyed that there was chckn practically w/ every bite of pasta. BF & pops had Cajun Mixed Grill yelp.com/biz_photos/Q4o6… ..I tasted this & everything was great! The potato salad had mini red potatoes & my goodness it was reeally cold *kudos* I had (ahem) the Voo Doo Shrimp yelp.com/biz_photos/Q4o6… also a great dish! Think I would've preferred more rice w/ the sauce from the shrimp, but that's just meeh. Everything gets a recommendation!DESSERT/BIEGNETS: All I can say ladies is it's completely OK to have a lil' white stuff around your mouth area ...that is if you're eating these delicious hot/fresh beignets! yelp.com/biz_photos/Q4o6… Get in here try 'em! Scrum-didly-umptous!!!Final tab for 2 drinks, 2 apps, 4 entrees, & 2 desserts...$95 bucks & some change. Needed improvement...a larger space to have their restaurant to have more customers is the only thing I can think of =) Yes, we will be back!Oooh, just realized this is my 30th review...woo-hoo!--------------------------------------------------­-----------------YAY! My 1st ROTD on 6/27/2009!  =DAnyone interested in the menu, just send me a msg & I'll 'msg/email' u via-Yelp. I have copy of menu from Jan '08; not sure why their website doesn't provide the menu anymore..not much has changed from what I have either ;-)
<review# 1917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2009,6/26/2009,513,243,22,22,24>The name can be a little misleading because their Pho is really just average. They should rename the place Bun Bo Hue King, because they really do have the best Bun Bo Hue in the East Bay hands down! Bun Bo Hue roughly translates to Spicy Beef Soup by the way. The place is really a hole in the wall! It's pretty small and a little dirty looking but it's cool. I can go on about how the name sounds like something, but that would be saying the sky is blue! LOL!I come here like once a month or so and I never stray from the Bun Bo Hue. There is really no reason to do so in my opinion. The service here can be speculative at times, but the food makes up for it big time.Bun Bo Hue only! A solid 4 1/2 stars! Trust me on this one!
<review# 1918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2008,6/24/2009,1429,411,52,36,39>Are you really telling me that this ridiculously cute Froggy/Piggy hybrid animal bank that I totally don't need and have no use for is only $1.50? SOLD. Are you really telling me that this generic Santa Claus costume that fits like over worn pajamas and probably carries some disease from the factory it was made in only costs $5? SOLD. Are you really telling me that all of those plastic bins, motor scooter seat covers, Buddha statues, AND dirty slippers are all on sale for the incredibly low price of only 100 YEN each? SOLD. Are you really pointing and telling me that I can have this empty shipping box by the cash register or are you just telling me to bag my own junk? Oh, you're telling me you want me to bag my own junk... SOLD.
<review# 1919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2009,6/23/2009,1948,4780,20,39,29>Last Monday evening, I hosted some work colleagues and Gayle here for dinner. Esin was highly recommended by Toni M. and Tam F., and so far they have never let me down. They were also absolutely correct in advising that we save a little space for dessert. It was a stellar evening all around. A few in my group arrived early and were not only well served by the bartender, but received some pretty spot on dinner and desert tips. When we all had arrived, our group was seated promptly. I also thought that the table was well located and appointed.  Our space also provided plenty of room and a reasonably quiet atmosphere for conversation and comfort. Our waiter was very professional, patient, attentive, and well-spoken, and had an almost encyclopedic knowledge of not only the main menu, but both the dinner and desert specials. The other parts of the table service were well timed and executed. Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their very delicious dinners.  Mindful of a certain Danville-related Yelp thread, I resisted temptation and chose the Salmon special over the pork chop. Others had either the Ahi Tuna special or the Rib-eye. Gayle and I also split a bottle of the dry and spicy Navarro Gewurztraminer (perhaps my favourite varietal and winery combination) which went very well with our respective fish dishes. You know that a restaurant is serious about deserts when 6 off-menu specials are offered and that one signature dish was already sold out for the evening.  Except for one brave soul, we all indulged and were ever the more stuffed and happy for it.   Gayle even nibbled around my desert, even though she hates bananas.My only quibble over the entire evening was the waiter's somewhat presumptuous mention that my very delicious desert choice (the black bottom white chocolate banana creme tart) was featured in Bon Appetite. I realize that this is Danville, but when you have a dining and atmosphere experience here at Esin that speaks for itself, sometimes less talk is more.
<review# 1920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2009,6/22/2009,341,458,21,24,27>After reading all the other reviews, I was so looking forward to a show at the Paramount.  I love gorgeous old theaters.  My only concern was the common complaint about long lines for beverages.  However, I was attending a family-oriented show.  With half the seats being taken by small children, I thought my odds were good.  Yes, I have the skewed priorities of a lush.The theater was absolutely as beautiful as anticipated.  I loved it, and would eagerly attend an event in the future.  I love that the BART station is so close.  We actually missed taking BART due to traffic in Hayward, and wound up driving and having to park farther away from the Paramount than the BART entrance, at $10 for event parking.  Don't miss the train.How did it work out with the drink lines?  Mr. M hung out with the kids while I investigated.  I was happy to see they were short.  Only one woman in front of me at intermission.  I heard her ask for a glass of wine.  Then I heard the bar tender tell her that alcoholic beverages were not being served for this family show.  I kept my cool, but I was terribly disappointed.  Still, I give it five stars.  Because I get it.  I don't like it, but I get it.
<review# 1921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2009,6/20/2009,587,806,12,15,13>Went here for lunch today. After hearing a lot of great reviews about this place, I was looking forward to taste what all the raves were all about. This place is located right on n. main st. in downtown walnut creek, next to all the cutsie shops and what not. The place is small, nothing fancy, but nice, your typical Greek cafe, little bar inside with outside seating and all. So we are seated and given the falafel bread and a dipping sauce right away. Well the dipping sauce was fantastic, though it would have been more enjoyable, if the bread they gave us wasn't so hard...Yeah. Not the greatest. So I ordered the "Pomegranate Chicken", witch is a Marinated roasted chicken, infused with pomegranate sauce, over a bed of vegetables, sounded delicious. My friend ordered the Chicken Kabob with vegetables and a Greek salad on the side. Wow, Well I do have to say, my Pomegranate chicken certainly maid up for the stale bread. This dish was AMAZING!!!!! Presentation was colorful and beautiful, Chicken was baked to perfection, crisp on the outside, tender and juicy in the middle, all infused with this incredible, sweet delicious pomegranate sauce that just popped with an abundance of mouthwatering flavor! All poured upon a bed of beautiful vegetable's Incredible!! Other than the hard bread we were first served,(they later gave us fresh bread after we received our food ,of course) everything else was extremely good. Food was fresh, quality, flavorful,portion  was very good, service was prompt and friendly and the prices were not bad at all considering the quality and  decent portion. I will definitely be coming back again. I think I'm hooked on the Pomegranate though...
<review# 1922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2009,6/19/2009,3617,1853,24,27,27>For you Yelper friends (you know who you are!) who were Yelping about why I wrote 3 reviews in a month about Moa Korean BBQ (i.e. Are you on the payroll?, are you their PR man?, are they your friends?, I just went there and wrote a review and now you are drowning that out with 2 updates!, yada yada, yada) , I thought I would balance that out and help deny those allegations like a politician suspected of a conflict of interest, by returning to my other favorite local KBBQ place, Korea House. (Man, I must have spoiled some fans because I usually never write updates. I mean  c'mon, 10 updates out of over 700 reviews? That is less than 2%! )I took a business associate (actually my boss) a transplanted NY'er Floridian, to Moa the other day for lunch because he had never had Korean BBQ! Imagine that, after 50+ years on the planet. I don't think there are a lot of Korean restaurants in suburban Tampa, FL, but I could be wrong!  **imagines jet planes departing from LAX to Tampa full of Korean restaurant families**.......**tell myself this is a fantasy, because everyone knows that Korean restaurants only open where the Japanese Restaurants used to be after the second generation Japanese graduate from a UC campus, become and eye doctor, and moved to the suburbs, selling the family restaurant to the Koreans**I digress, where was I? Oh, so the very next day, i am with my boss, and his old boss, my former boss' boss are all in the car and I am driving them to lunch. We are talking about KBBQ, and my Boss' Boss has never had it either! (He is a Kiwi, and I guess only the Vietnamese, Chinese, and Japanese had made it down there. Give it another generation, and the Koreans will buy out the.......well you know.  They are good business people! I digress again. At Korea House, the owner knows me there, too. From 10 years ago when she was in Santa Clara. She loves to come over to unsuspecting  foreign men and show them how to eat the banchan. She did it with my boss' boss. $7.45 lunch special, which comes in a large bento box, with rice, some veggie tempura, salad, etc. It is great value! Then you get a small platter plate of your main meat. In the case of the bosses, they both had Bulgogi. Me, i went for mushroom Soon Dubu. With mine, I got about 5 large banchan to go with my tofu soup. The service is quick (these ladies hustle as the owner barks out orders in Korean!) and the owner always gives my favorite relative an extra drink. She always says as your leaving, "see you tomorrow!"There! For you whiners, er, I mean you Yelpers who were complaining about my Moa updates, this proves I am an equal opportunity Korean BBQ restaurant reviewer! If you don't believe me, just click and look at my extensive Korean restaurant list:yelp.com/list/wanugee-ko…
<review# 1923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2009,6/18/2009,2139,740,31,32,25>If you're an Asian male with a burning to desire to look like an Asian pop star, this is the place for you. I saw Asian male after Asian male leave this place looking like they came right out of H.O.T. or some other Korean boy band. Hair perfectly spiked, feathered and all. My then boyfriend didn't seem happy with his cut at all. But, I wouldn't hold it against Hair Magician; he told them to do whatever they wanted so of course they gave him a Fobby look. His cut was $13 and took a good deal of time, as he has ridiculous amounts of hair.I'd been more prepared than him; I brought in pictures of what I wanted, which I'd found out is also known as "emo hair," with rounded volume on top and length on the bottom. Linna said she knew how to cut my hair. Indeed, she kept my length, made my bangs look better, and gave me more volume by cutting some of my hair into a bob. So I had a bob with long layers of hair underneath. Cost: $20.I was pretty happy. Even though I didn't get many compliments on my hair from my friends, I liked it. I do wish that she layered the bob a bit better; the ends kinda stick out funny unless I put lots of effort into flattening them out. I did bump into a girl who really liked my hair while walking around in downtown Berkeley the other day. She asked me where I got my hair cut, and also asked if she could take pictures of my hair, which I obliged. I hope that she remembered the name of this place!Here's my cut:static.px.yelp.com/bphot…static.px.yelp.com/bphot…Here's his cut (please excuse the face):static.px.yelp.com/bphot…Note: this place is POPULAR especially with Asian dudes. Bring a book or something.
<review# 1924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2009,6/17/2009,1020,575,10,11,11>Another regular spot of mine (and my parents) for lunch. $7.99 on the weekdays for an all you can eat lunch = $25 and some change for a family of three? Not too shabby at all. Again my plan for attack:Avoid all the salads. Although they look somewhat appetizing, I'm not really a big salad fan when it comes to buffets. They take up precious space. Go straight for the sushi. Sushi's pretty decent with a fair selection. They only have two kinds of nigiri (rice with fish on top)-- salmon and tuna, but they have many different kinds of sushi including one with roe (one of my favs.) They also offer sashimi for $7.99 a lb, which is a legit deal. I can imagine if they offered sashimi for free, they would have to raise their prices. I'd rather have the option to order and maintain the cheap prices. They have a section completely dedicated for fried foods. I fill up on the crab rangoon, crab and cream cheese stuffed won ton triangles, another one of my favs. I also get an egg roll.Next section is dim sum and soup. Pork siu mai are ginormous, and really good.  Also those custard filled rice things covered in coconut are pretty good. I love the fact that they have their won tons for the won ton soup in a separate container than the broth. I usually just get a bunch of the won tons, and no broth. Stay away from the pork puns, especially if you've had the real thing cuz these aren't. Also stay away from the green veggie dumpling things. They're way too garlicy. Nothing really appeals to me in the hot foods section other than the fried rice and the steamed fish. Usually my dad gets an order of spare ribs and some calamari and shrimp stir fry, and I mooch on it. Here's a little reminder: it would be nice to tip these people who make custom stir fry at the station. They work a little harder to please the customer, so some show of appreciation would be nice. Dessert: the green tea ice cream is a must. It's so soft and creamy, although the green tea taste does fade with time. Good nonetheless. Their egg custard tart is decent, but not the best I've had. It's the only place within a 7 mile radius of Antioch that serves it. I also go back to the fried foods section to get their version of hot malasadas (deep fried bread rolled in sugar.) OMG...these things are bomb! I stay away from their pre-made desserts because they're uh pre-made.Overall, a great place to eat when you want something fast, but good. It does get busy during the peak hours of lunchtime, so if you want to hear yourself chew, then come at like 1. You can definitely get your $7.99's worth for lunch.
<review# 1925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2008,6/15/2009,460,387,20,30,26>Ajisen is the third ownership change of this little Ramen place in this isolated strip mall on Warm Springs.After a company Xmas party, Akemi D., Ken-chan, and I headed over for a quick bite to eat.Ajisen is very clean, and fairly small, seating maybe 30-40 customers in all.  The low back chairs and tables are fairly typical of fast food Asian restaurants, the kitchen has a glass separator, allowing a nearly full view of the kitchen.The owner is Japanese, and though he wasn't there today, The restaurant manager, Mr. Hirata, is also Japanese and was good about chatting us up.  Apparently, the ownership change took place a year and a half ago.  Has it really been that long since I was last here?!  Unreal how fast time flies.The restaurant focuses on Kumamoto style ramen.  Kumamoto is in Kyushu, the South-West island of Japan, on the West coast.  This style typically has a thick kotteri tonkotsu soup base (thick pork based soup).  Watery rather than creamy, but lots of fat and marrow from bone cooking.  Extremely healthy.  They also have Ajisen special noodles which are smoother than regular ramen and about the same thickness.  The noodles are not made at this store location, but you cannot get this noodle from other ramen shops, only the Ajisen chain. For this trip, we felt we needed to eat, but weren't too hungry and ordered a little light:Hiyayakko (Cold tofu) $4.75 - 3 stars - This was a typical tofu side order and while there was nothing outstanding about it, it was exactly as expected and the cut was very clean.Gryoza (potsticers) $4.75 - 1 star - This was not good.  Completely traditional, but stale.  I expect better gyoza from a ramen place. Kid's mean $5.50 - 4 stars - What a value!  With this meal, you get a small ramen, an omurice (rice done in ketchup and other ingredients, Yakult (a tiny Japanese style health drink...only it's a Chinese take on the drink), fries, and orange slices. - The ramen had chashuu (thinly sliced roast pork), and egg, as well as kikurage (a type of mushroom, cut ultra thin and is long, and has the consistency of a slightly chewy root veggie).  Not bad at all. - The omurice (ketchup rice) was very good, and had rice, ketchup, some thinly sliced but short mushrooms, and some thinly sliced and short butano kakuni (long simmered pork).Paikuu Ramen (kotteri tonkotsu) S$9.95 L$11.45 - 5 stars - I don't often give out 5 stars for food but this was really exceptional.  The most popular dish on the menu, it is considered by Mr. Hirata to be Ajisen's signature dsh. - It has onions (sweet from cooking a while), kikurage (thinly sliced and long mushroom), nankotsu-tsuki abara ribs (cartilidge included ribs) which was very fatty and melt melt in your mouth goodness.  Often, people talk about meat that is so tender you can cut it with a fork.  This particular version can not only do the same, but can do so with almost no effort.  Just amazing.On a cold day, this is definitely a highly recommend ramen to get warm and stay that way.
<review# 1926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2009,6/14/2009,1027,1954,10,13,12>I do agree with a lot of other Yelpers that this place is pricey but it it's on the fine dining end of the spectrum.  I was extremely embarrassed to have brought a coupon but hey, they printed them for a reason... if you don't get them in the mail you can actually search for it online and print it out from Valpack.com.  As soon as you are seated, they give you a plate with some papadum with two types of chutneys.  I'm not normally a fan of this but I appreciated the gesture and the immediacy of it all.  My friend and I ended up ordering vegetable samosas (2 for $2.95), garlic naan (4 small pieces for $2.95), chicken tikka masala ($11.95), and vegetable biryani ($10.95).  For the latter two dishes, they actually asked the level of spiciness we wanted it cooked.  I have NEVER been asked this at an Indian restaurant but it's never been a problem because I love and embrace anything that stimulates the spicy part of my pallet.  It was a big plus for my friend since she likes Indian food but can't really handle the spiciness.  We were kind of fumbling back and forth because I wanted the chicken tikka masala cooked medium and my friend wanted it mild.  When it came out, it was actually in between.... tolerable for my friend and pleasant for me.Everything else tasted quite delicately but rich.  It doesn't have the intensity of a dirty Indian hole-in-wall but I enjoyed it.  It's all about linen table cloths, wine lists, great service, and cleanliness here (something that's normally very lacking).  The entree portions were plenty and the appetizer/sides are smaller.I LOVED that our plates came out warm right before our food.  I don't think I've ever experienced this at other restaurants but isn't it ingenious?  It helps keep your food warm as you're eating it.  I couldn't help but rub my hands against it.  I really enjoyed my experience here and thank you for not scoffing at my coupon!!!
<review# 1927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2009,6/13/2009,537,103,9,11,10>We used to be regulars when this was Thai Orchid, but have only been here once since it switched ownership.  We weren't overly impressed with that first visit, but we finally made a return trip on Mother's Day after deciding not to wait an hour at Simply Thai.  It turned out to be a very good decision!First, the restaurant has been redecorated, starting with a new dark gold theme. Most of the changes were simple, such as reupholstering the booths and painting the chairs. The layout has been slightly  changed to be more open and there's a new sitting area in the corner by the doors.We started with a CoCurry sampler appetizer, which included a sampling of five of their appetizers (coconut shrimp, satay chicken, vegetable rolls fried tofu, and one other dish I can't remember, probably because it was the one thing I didn't like).  This was a very good deal for $13.95 as most of the appetizers were $6.95 or $7.95 and we received a half-portion of each of the five appetizers. We also had a pot of the Thom Kha (coconut) soup with seafood. This was another winner and we actually got to the point of flipping the pot over to get the last bit of soup!For our main course, we started with two of their fried rice dishes: crab fried rice and pineapple fried rice.  The pineapple fried rice was nicely wrapped in an aluminum foil shaped like the top half of a pineapple.The pineapple chunks and sauce gave it a distinctly sweet flavor.  It was very good, but the crab fried rice was incredible!  Possibly the best fried rice I've ever had!We also had a few Thai restaurant staples in the Pad Thai, Pad See Ew and Red Curry Beef.  All three dishes were also excellent and completely annihilated in minutes.  The only dish that wasn't quite up to par with the rest was the mango chicken.Dessert?  I gave this place 5 stars so you know dessert had to be awesome.  We had both the sweet sticky rice with mango and the fried bananas with coconut ice cream.  The sweet sticky rice with mango was sooo good! I would probably come here just to have a plate (or two) for dessert.We all left full and happy (especially the mothers in the group) and we will definitely be regulars at CoCurry also!
<review# 1928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2009,6/12/2009,510,406,16,23,19>For some reason everyone always wants to go to the other Thai place nearby with the neon lights and the crappy food.  I've now had really great red curry here twice and my lunch compatriots weren't complaining either.I had plenty of pumpkin in my curry yesterday, unlike a previous reviewer.  Maybe they've gotten their act together...in um 2 weeks?My only complaint is that my friend ordered mango sticky rice and the mango wasn't remotely similar to what one might call ripe.  Of course, I've made the mistake of cutting into a mango only to find that it isn't ripe...but it's really obvious once you do and I'd never serve it to company or a guest in my imaginary restaurant.
<review# 1929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2009,6/11/2009,711,1293,16,26,25>One word. YUM.Lettuce is the eco-friendly Soup/ Salad stop that has replaced what was once Strings. And If I may say, they are doing a fantabulous job of it.Their BLT was amazing. The bacon was cooked to perfection and not too heavy and the "herbed mayo" was really quite delish.Their Butternut soup was also really tasty. Managing to be both smooth and flavorful simultaneously, it's something I'd come back just for.Going along with their organic/ eco theme their cups are plastic derived from corn and are compost-able. The cups of water are complimentary and the water is infused with fruit at the bottom.I was a bigger fan of the orange with strawberry and mint, than the cucumber with mint, but both would be really great in the summertime.The service was really good too so all front's were hit. I would come back any time.
<review# 1930,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/26/2009,6/10/2009,300,251,18,22,21>This was my first experience with pho and bahn mi! I was very excited, as I have felt so behind the pho craze. I went with my handsome husband, and my two lovely friends Emily J and Jackie V.Saigon Bistro is sort of hidden in a strip mall on Willow Pass Road. It's tucked in snugly next to a Fry's. We might have had a hard time finding it if I hadn't looked at pictures of the sign on Yelp before we went.My husband and I decided to split a medium beef pho and a chicken bahn mi. I was also eager to try Catherine B's recommendation of the chicken salad and the wings, but I didn't want to burst my tummy, and I have been exercising in an effort to lose my new wife weight, so I decided to show some restraint and those items will have to go in my face on another visit.The bahn mi was really nice. The bread was toasty and crunchy on the outside, but soft on the inside. I was afraid there would be gristly bits in my chicken, but I found only one. I loved all the great crunchy vegetables. I dipped the whole thing in a mixture of plum sauce and sriracha and was very, very happy. Now I am excited to try more bahn mi, and I am in luck because they seem to be everywhere!The soup was very blah. I wouldn't get it again. The broth had a weird sweetness to it, and had too much five spice flavor. The noodles were tender, and the slices of beef were great dipped in my sauce mixture, but anything would have tasted good dipped in my sauce mixture. I'm really into sauce. See my Memphis Minnie's review.This place is all the way out in Concord, and I only go to Concord to see Emily J and go to karaoke, so I'm not sure I'll be back. That said, if it were near me, I'd go back for the bahn mi and to try those chicken wings Catherine was drooling about.3.5 stars. The extra half star is for being inexpensive! This place got four of us full for less than $30. That's a deal.
<review# 1931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2009,6/9/2009,108,1734,20,30,31>I have been looking forward to seeing the newly renovated Fox Theatre.  It had been derelict as long as I can remember and they've been renovating it for thirteen years, I think.  I was expecting it to be an Art Deco masterpiece like the Paramount a couple of blocks away on Broadway, but it's not.  The box office looks like a Packard or some other gorgeous old car.  The lobby has an Arts and Crafts look and the theatre itself is gloriously Moorish.  I don't have the architectural vocabulary to describe all the details, but the place is a visual confection, w/ lighted alcoves on the walls showcasing Persian carpets,openwork screens w/ lights behind them, two Buddha-like Moorish warriors w/ red lights on their breastplates and glowing eyes, and on and on.  Everywhere you look there is something to tease and delight your eye.  Our seats were in the loge and were very good.  Leg room was more than sufficient and the seats were nicely offset, in pairs w/ little tables between them, so no one's head blocked our view.  The sound system seemed distorted at first, but that may have to do w/ the opening act as much as the sound system.  The opening act was fronted by Willie Nelson's kid.  We didn't know that until BB King announced it at the end of the show, but that explains the occasional similarity we noticed in intonation between Nelson the younger and the Elder.  There the similarities end.  The band made up in volume for what it lacked in musicianship, talent and subtlety.  Song lyrics were puerile and trite.  Toilet paper in our ears, fetched by Alan from the bathroom, made the experience tolerable.  I wasn't happy compromising my hearing w/ that.  The music and the sound for BB King's band were much better.  Still loud, but w/ subtlety and clarity.  I needed no ear protection.  He was backed by two reed players who played everything from bari sax to flute, a couple of brass players who played trumpet and flugelhorn, a couple of guitar players, a very tasty drummer and a keyboard player.  And then there was the old master himself.  At times there was a sense of unreality, hearing in person an icon I'd only heard on radio or records.  He told stories, joshed the audience and sang.  The sound system did a much better job of conveying his music, although it didn't really hit the sweet spot until midway through the set..I look forward to future concerts in this glorious theatre and will know to buy loge seats.  I'm hoping the box office will be open more hours as they add more concerts.  I will do my best to cut Ticketmaster out of the equation, as their fee of close to $25 per ticket is excessive.
<review# 1932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2009,6/8/2009,307,317,46,55,53>I've become a Banh Mi addict, but I've discovered that not all Banh Mis are created equal. Sometimes the bread is too crusty or not fresh, the meat is too fatty - or not fatty enough, not enough cilantro, too much sauce, not enough jalapeno, etc.  Cam Huong Cafe  - unlike their sister restaurant in Chinatown - gets it just right. This is no hole in the wall.  It's a cafeteria style Vietnamese restaurant, bustling with people. But there is a magical woman in the back, ready to make you a fresh, huge delicious Banh Mi upon demand. The nice guy who took our order wanted to know if we had any special requests, which is a nice touch, because I like extra jalapeno and extra cilantro.  I'm dinging them a 1/4 of a star (which still rounds up to 5) because the guy spoke perfect English with no accent. I want an ETHNIC experience, dammit.I had a grilled pork and half of a barbecued chicken.  Slight nod goes to the pork, but both were incredibly good. The new reigning Oakland Banh Mi champion.
<review# 1933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,6/7/2009,723,405,23,20,19>I'm slurping down a dozen impulse oysters at Sea Salt, and reveling in a perfect mini-lobstah roll... and I can SEE Twisters Vintage from the window table where I'm seated.  I have a gleam in my eye that makes Caveman nervous.  He knows how I love to peruse the well-edited and ever-changing inventory at Twisters... though I haven't quite recovered from the heartbreak of a MINT pair of Manolo Blahnik gold strappy sandals... that were size 5.Cruelty... Manolo Blahnik is thy name!  Ohhhhh! I wear a size 6.5 - although I'd be lying if I said I didn't contemplate doing a Cinderella Step-Sister and cutting off a few toes in order to fit into those lovelies.  Then again:  I figured my nubby feet would ultimately be a distraction from my gorgeous vintage Blahniks.  I actually spent a solid 15 minutes vacillating - it was a tough call, especially after I figured out how much money I could save on pedicures.Aside:  Did I ever mention that my former neighbor, Mrs. Geek only had *THREE* toenails on her left foot?  Yeah.  I noticed it when we were taking a yoga class together, and every time we came back to utanasana, I kept hissing, "Hey!  What's up with your toes?"  (Childhood accident with a bookshelf.)  Be sure to look *up* when you're looking for the perfect beaded cashmere cardigan ("I can't believe this - it fits perfectly!" - a happy patron gushed, last weekend).  Twisters uses a lot of vertical display space, so don't let your eyes get stuck on just one level; you'll miss out!I picked up a gorgeous vintage (read: not just old) hat with french veiling that I am tempted to debut at an upcoming Birthday Fete.  The Birthday Girl herself said that we should dress to excess: mink stoles, pearls, pendants, gloves, hats... This should be the most fabulously fashionable birthday party of 2009!  I found a fun Eiffel Tower pendant in the glass case, and a leopard print silk scarf that I'm LOVING... Especially since it was just $12!  Twisters always has an intriguing selection of accessories that oomph up the edge or unique spin on an ensemble.  We're all conscious about making our dollars count these days - so try a splurge that won't have you wearing sale remnants, daaahhling - put on a happy face, and get yourself over to Twisters!Especially if you wear size 5 Manolo Blahniks... or are missing a few toes!
<review# 1934,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/19/2008,6/6/2009,241,184,21,16,18>If you're Chinese and live in the East Bay, then you should know the name Peony.  It's where banquets are held for weddings, meetings, anniversaries, birthdays, and family get-togethers.   It's also one of the more popular dim sum locations in Chinatown.   This is also where Chum L. and I had our first meal together.  It's basically where we met.  She was the token Vietnamese girl in a throng of chinese people.   Even though she sat at the opposite end of the table and i sat with my buddy Michele, whom she was terribly jealous of because Michele had my attention, we had a moment.  That moment escapes me for now but I'm sure we did.   I'll have to get her to confirm and elaborate.This place his alright.  Yes, they have more unique dim sum choices, but their prices aren't very friendly.  They also have the usual suspects of shu mai, ha gow, bbq pork buns, cherng fun, and chicken feet.  The service is always sub par, but then again most establishments in Chinatown have crappy service.  Speaking chinese to them is always a plus and will help most of the time.  I also have so many fond memories here:~ My grandpa's 100th bday party~ Seaver's wedding where i was wedding coordinator~ Slamming the bathroom door into some chinese lady as she was walking down the hall~ Ummmm............Fine!!! I only have 3 good memories and the rest were crap.  My favorite was the 3rd one!
<review# 1935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2009,6/5/2009,304,73,10,18,19>I had my very first experience with Yoga this past Monday, and it's safe to say that i'm on my way to becoming a firm believer in the benefits of this practice. My body feels looser and more relaxed than it has ever been, my mind has been flushed of impurities,  replaced with clear and positive thoughts. The class, and instructor (Laura) were great - she made me feel right at home, and occasionally paid special attention to me throughout the course, sometimes with encouragement, other times with positive reinforcement. The pace of the class was a bit more intense than i had anticipated, but i managed to make it through with only a few short breaks during some of the more challenging poses, and by the time i reached the most intense part of the class, we began milder cool-down exercises.I can't wait to go back to class, and will highly recommend this studio to anyone inquiring about Yoga instructions.
<review# 1936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2009,6/4/2009,133,165,26,21,19>This morning I started thinking about the weekend ahead and I realized that I failed to review one of my favorite places; The Ashby (a.k.a. Berkeley) Flea Market.  Before writing I decided to take a look at what other people had to say.  After reading some reviews I was shocked to see how many people hate it.  I realized that much of the displeasure is a result of misguided expectations so I have decided to set some clear and concise visitor guidelines to help everyone out, please see below....  You should come to the Ashby/Berkeley Flea Market if and only if you:1.  Enjoy LUNATIC people watching.  Not people watching...LUNATIC people watching:  Simply take a seat by the drum circle and relax....this what East Bay-ers call entertainment2.  You enjoy the company of people from other countries and cultures3.  You are not scared of loud slightly rambunctious teenagers 4.  You want the best homemade aromatic incense, soap and oils at reasonable prices5.  You want original jewelry from all over the world: its not always cheap but you get what you pay for6.  You are looking for authentic African Art or Furniture7.  You are looking for ROUGHLY used furniture, clothing and electronics8.  You want to eat Roti, (If you are from Trinidad/Tobago, Grenada and Barbados please note: its not the best Roti but its the only place you can get it in the Bay Area)9.  The occasional wandering crackhead will not ruffle your feathers10.  You don't mind eating food off a truckYou should stay away from the Ashby/Berkeley Flea Market if you:1.  Don't like people of color2.  Do not feel comfortable around people that occasionally burst out in song or dance at will3.  Only learn about culture from venues that charge an admission fee4.  Purchase second hand goods only from Sotheby's Auctions and the Finest Antique Boutiques5.  Are not interested in having intense political conversations with random people you do not know6.  Are scared of dogs...specifically pit bulls 7.  Do not like Reggae Music8.  Would never drink wine from a box9.  Do not have auto theft coverage on your insurance policy10.  Require valet parking
<review# 1937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2009,6/3/2009,432,165,17,20,18>What's so special about Top Dog?  They're ONLY hot dogs, right?  Maybe it's because they're open until 3am and I love stopping by after a Berkeley party.  Or maybe it's because they have a huge variety of hot dogs- from linguica, to chicken apple, to VEGAN?!  Amazing little hole in the wall.  Funny workers also.  The same guy is always there making his random sarcastic remarks, which is funny to watch while in line.  At times, the line can get long but they move pretty fast.  Great place to stop by on your way to/from Berkeley for some $3 hot dogs!4 stars for Top Dog!
<review# 1938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2009,6/2/2009,564,188,20,21,19>Ever since the signs announcing that this place would be a self-serve froyo place were posted back in September, I've been patiently waiting for them to open.  Gone would be the days when I would have drive all the way to downtown Berkeley or SF for a cup of tart froyo with mochi.  Well, that day has finally arrived.I was their first customer this morning and the only one in the place.  They didn't exactly open with a bang as they didn't announce their grand opening, but I hope they do well.  The spot that they're located at is newly built and right at one of the entrances of the mall.  It's pretty small, so there aren't chairs or tables to hang out at.When I walked in, I was warmly greeted by the girls behind the counter.  One of the girls came out to give me free samples and to show me how this self-served froyo thing is done.  Just Yogurt isn't just a tart froyo place; they also have vanilla, chocolate, strawberry, cookies and cream, and espresso.  Then they've got your standard fruit, mochi, and candy toppings.  I stuck with good ole tart froyo and topped it with mochi, kiwi, and berries and ended up with this: flickr.com/photos/alovel… for $3.  It's a better deal than if I paid for the froyo, then for each topping separately!This froyo is unlike other froyo that I've had.  It was more... watery, so it melted really fast.  Also, when it melted, the water separated from the cream part, which I haven't seen in other tart froyo before.  Whatevs, I'm not gonna be picky.  After all, it's the only froyo place within miles of the area, and I happen to live and work really close to it.I'm gonna gain so much weight :x
<review# 1939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2008,6/1/2009,356,35,19,21,21>I WANT SOME MOAIf you people don't know, this place is literally the new spot that took over for ice cream dock.Coming here, they offer a variety of items on the menu or even in front of your face.  When you walk right in, you can see they show the gelato on the left, and that is what they are known for.  You can also get a milk shake too, they taste good as well.But what i always come here for is the GELATOThey have quite a few flavors, i would say up to at least 13-15 flavors.  I havent tried all their flavors but if you wanted to try on, just ask for a free sample, they are very nice about it.I tried a bunch of different flavors here and i would say my main one is the owners favorite as well which would be one of the coffee flavors.This is a very nice place to relax as well, maybe after a nice lunch or dinner from angel fish or maybe another from off the main island.  You can even come here if you just feel like it, since it is very relaxing over here.If you cant seem to find Moa Moa Gelato and Yogurt, look the sign on the left side of safeway with a bunch of Flashing lights, it should be easy to find.the only reason for the 4 stars not a 5 is because the price may be 5 dollars for a cup, but the flavor of the gelato is good...so tempt yourself to try it...THATS ALL Folks
<review# 1940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2009,5/31/2009,492,201,33,29,29>Doesn't the burnt rice at the bottom of a hot stone pot taste amazing?I came to Koreana Kitchen for lunch and ordered the chicken bibimbap hot stone pot with tofu and extra spicy broth. I initially wanted the seafood stone pot, but the adorable waiter nearly fell over in nervousness when I inquired about the exact ingredients in the "seafood". I'm not a fan of imitation crab, and I didn't feel like spending my lunch hour playing avoid-the-gross-pollock-in-my-bowl. Our waiter brought us side dishes of fried tofu, warm rice noodles, steamed broccoli, spicy kimchi, boiled potato cubes, and sauteed soybean sprouts. My favorites were the fried tofu and the potato, both of which were tender and topped with a sweet glaze. static.px.yelp.com/bphot…Although my order was advertised as bibimbap, it was actually dolsot bibimbap, since the dish was topped with a raw egg. A layer of sesame oil coated the bottom of my bowl, so that the rice would be crispy and slightly burnt. Julienned carrots, soybean sprouts, wild mushrooms, dried seaweed and chicken were placed beautifully on my bed of rice. static.px.yelp.com/bphot…The waiter even gave us extra raw eggs to crack into our bowl, which I happily did, since I love sources of protein that are liquid and white. At first, I was a bit hesitant to eat, because the eggs looked so pretty lying on top of my beautifully arranged vegetables. After I slowly mixed the delicate yoke of the egg into my rice, I dug deep into my bowl, finally reaching the perfectly burnt rice at the bottom. Delicious. When I finished eating all my burnt rice, my regular rice wasn't quite as tasty in comparison, and I spent the rest of my meal arranging the vegetables in my bowl into a giant happy face. static.px.yelp.com/bphot…
<review# 1941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2008,5/30/2009,266,363,24,26,24>So I finally . . . Finally . . . After at least half a dozen visits, always leaving satisfied, but wondering what I was doing wrong . . .Finally  . . . finally . . . I received the elusive free giveaways of delicious treats that everyone's always talking about. Between my time standing dutifully in line for my chicken sandwich and trading happy smiles with the friendly guy behind the counter, I received, for free, a whole piece of shortbread and not just one, but TWO whole cookies. If it hasn't happened to you, just you wait. Perseverance pays off. And I can think of worst ways to persevere in life than to take frequent trips to Bakesale Betty's. * rubs belly and smiles *
<review# 1942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2009,5/29/2009,1118,942,16,25,19>"Salut i forca al canut" = to Health and Wealth! (literally: health and strength to wallet/purse) That's the toast/greeting on the menu. Okay, so I'm here reviewing another tapas place this month. Tonight was their grand opening. This place is totally awesome!! yelp.com/biz_photos/OIU4… The selection of tapas is VERY extensive (all under $10). In my opinion, enough variety to satisfy all taste buds. The tapas named "Lata de..." are the house specialties served inside little tin cans (cute novelty) - definitely a must try. A few menu dishes are borrowed from Daniel Olivella's SF restaurant B44 - paellas ($11-20) plus 3 moderate sized dishes ($14-15): a version of "steak frites" with chimichurri sauce, a romescada (seafood in romesco sauce), and suquet de peix (seafood soup), all roundup the menu. I noticed that their drinks menu listed Horchata, but it was not available that evening. Don't know if that version is made from barley, almonds, or rice. Poc Chuc makes my favorite rice-based Horchata in SF.The bar menu has a selection of charcuterie at $8-16. I was wondering how this Jamon Iberico compares to Contigo's more expensive Bellota version (different quality). A waiter confirmed that assorted pinchos (small snacks) will be available at the bar in the future, at $2.50 per toothpick. It'll be self-service, and they'll just count the toothpicks afterwards. Another great reason to come back.The place was filling up when I came in. Since I came alone after work (everybody I know was busy), they sat me at the long community table in the middle of the restaurant. There was a lot of waiters/bus boys this evening, all wearing a black tshirt uniform. Some had clearly more experience than others, but everyone was professional and pleasant. Chef Daniel Olivella was personally supervising all the restaurant activity. The kitchen staff was doing an excellent job this night, all the food I tasted was delicious and well prepared. And I saw that the timing of plates was well paced for all the tables around me. Based on flavor and variety (assuming quality stays the same), they get my vote for BEST tapas in the bay area so far. At first u get a cute "mini-paella plate" with complimentary house cured olives. Nice! yelp.com/biz_photos/OIU4… My first tapas choice was 3 gazpachos ($5). This was a real treat for me. Each small mug contains a different cold soup: 1st - standard tomato veggie gazpacho with a few tiny chopped vegetables (cucumbers, bell peppers), 2nd is an almond-based soup topped with olive oil and sliced grapes in the bottom, 3rd is another tomato-based soup a little spicy and topped by sifted eggs and strips of cured ham (not sure which type). A great starter, all the soups were delicious! yelp.com/biz_photos/OIU4… Boquerones (anchovies cured in vinegar) with pears and Idiazabal cheese ($7), can also be found in B44's menu, but this version is smaller. yelp.com/biz_photos/OIU4… Tortilla española ($7) - small halved disk of potato and onion omelet with mayo and toasted bread (bread was too tough). I liked that the omelet was served hot, because most tapas places in SF serve a cold version. yelp.com/biz_photos/OIU4… Lata de chipirones ($8) - tin can with 2 delectable baby squid stuffed plump with sausage on a squid ink sauce with peas. Be careful on your first bite, it's hot and you might spill sauce on your clothes. Another great dish! yelp.com/biz_photos/OIU4… Lata de pulpo ($10) - tin can with very tender octopus slices (menu says cooked for 2 hrs.) and tasty potatoes in a little adobo oil. The plate presentation is sprinkled with paprika. Really good! yelp.com/biz_photos/OIU4… I didn't try the paella dishes this time. Yes, it can be very expensive after adding all the food & drinks. So I'd consider it to be a special occasion place. I'll need to come back to try more dishes. Hours: daily 5-11pm. No reservations, first come first served.
<review# 1943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2009,5/28/2009,37,31,26,20,17>HOLY FREAKING CRAP!I've only eaten here three times.And I've only had one thing each time.For you math majors, this should tell you that whatever I had must be par excellence.It is.Beef. Brisket. Sandwich.If I cursed, I'd insert at least one F-bomb. It deserves it. You can get it mild or spicy. Get spicy. It comes with chips or fries. Get fries. Come back and tell me that you understand.I think I am going to just give in and be fat. This place would make it both easy and enjoyable. Maybe if you like it too, we can be fat friends?
<review# 1944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2009,5/27/2009,1770,136,24,34,37>Holler at your girl with the Happy Hour $1 Oysters Baby !!! Their Happy Hour is from 3-6pm, 7 days a week !!! ahahha where can you find a better deal then this ? haha Not only that but their Oyster Shooters(homemade Bloddy Mary mix with Volka) deelicious !! I ordered two of those this evening ahaha along with a $5 Aphrodite(smifnoff vodka,sparkling wine, orange blossom,sugar, lemon). 4:30pm and I was already buzzed with pink cheeks ahahah =xTheir Devilled Duck Egg was deciving....wasn't reading correctly and thought i'll be getting a few,but it's really just ONE ! ahahha it's okay it was tasty ^ ^ Service was great our waitress was very patient and kept on checking back on us if everything was okay + 1 ^ ^ BUT OMG !!! their OYSTERS !!! THE BOMB !! ahaha They'll definitely be seeing me again lolp.s. unlimited refill on bread !! try it with some salt ahahah kinda taste like fries if you tear only the crust and dip it in some salt i dono or maybe i was just buzzed =x
<review# 1945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2009,5/26/2009,360,97,27,31,29>Ah, the Asian Ghetto. The dirty benches, the row of instrument-playing bums, the overwhelming smell of garbage...what is there not to miss about this place?Here's a rundown of my favorite restaurants (ranked in order of tastiness):1) Steve's Korean BBQ (5 stars): Where else can you get nearly a pound of meat atop of a heap of rice and generous sides of kim chi and sprouts all for about $8? Although they've been raising the prices, the amount of good food you get makes it totally worth it. 2) King Pin (4.5 stars): The 2am, post frat party hot spot. Best. Donuts. EVER. No matter what you are--drunk or sober, fat or skinny--you're bound to love King Pin Donuts. The donut holes here are amazing (especially when they're warm).3) Thai House (4 stars): Incredibly slow service and a bit overpriced, but their Garlic Pepper Chicken is incredible (as is their Pad Thai).4) Mandarin House (4 stars): Two words: general chicken! Not to mention their boba is arguably the best in Berkeley.5) Gypsy's (3.5 stars): A bit too oily and fatty for my taste, but you can't deny the huge portions you get of such Italian staples as the Gnocchi, Chicken Carbonara, and Pepperoni Calzone, all for around $6. The food is good--not great--and come with a pretty tasty garlic-topped piece of toast. 6) Bear's Ramen (3 stars): Kim Chi fried rice with spam! Though that's all I've ever had here. The rest of the menu doesn't seem appetizing to me.7) Lotus House (3 stars): Good pan fried noodle with beef, decent everything else (including boba).UC Berkeley wouldn't be the same without Asian Ghetto, its lower-end culinary pride and joy. Over my 4 years at Cal, this place kept me sane, happy, and very full. Despite its sketchiness, the Ghetto has a unique charm about itself. It's always crowded and the food certainly tastes better than you might expect.
<review# 1946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2009,5/25/2009,492,460,9,12,13>They had the Doctor Who graphic novel "The Forgotten" (which I have been looking for,) Torso (which was penned by a dude I went to college with) and the Cthlu comic series.Plus they have a "naughty" comic section that is very comprehensive (though the nerds that work there were still impressed when I said that I'd received Chaykin's Big Black Kiss series for my birthday from a former lover - it's out of print and they've never seen copies of it - heard of it, but haven't touched it in the flesh... )And, they were appropriately impressed by my general knowledge of teh Geek.Comic Relief FTW!All within walking distance of my apartment.  Yay!
<review# 1947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2009,5/24/2009,237,521,13,15,12>I can't believe I forgot to YELP the Dead Fish. It's one of my favorite restaurants on this side of the bay. (And yes East Bay'ers, we have other places to eat seafood up here). I was introduced to this restaurant (formerly a Chinese Restaurant) when we had our Company Christmas Party. My personal favorites? (you can go online and review the menu, by the way).Clam Chowder or Crab Chowder - Both are very rich and smooth and way yummy. Just full of flavor to savor and cholesterol and fat. Yum, Yum. The Mixed Grill with the Mussels and Clams and garlic Sauce. More Yum, Yum. And the Garlic Butter for dipping. The Garlic Crab. Oh..... More Yum Yum. Carnivore? Go for the largest Prime Rib Ever. And if you don't want it to moo at the table, ask them to sear it on the grill. Works for my hunnie bunnie who is the king of "well done." It's not cheap! But you can make it an affordable lunch option. The view is incredible and the bar is very funky and laid back. If you are on a romantic date, reserve one of the "tent" tables where you will have privacy or one of the 2 tables located directly in front of the huge fireplace. The back of your "booth" seat is away from the fire, so it is semi-private. And since the garlic can be strong, everyone order something garlicky and you can all go home with garlic breath....Whhhhhahaaaaaaaa PS - Their Banquet menu is pretty reasonable - believe it or not - (OK Theresia, your birthday present - Dinner with mom and dad and 1 friend)
<review# 1948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2009,5/23/2009,121,228,13,19,20>Okay kids.  Everyone's talking about the lemon icebox pie (which is phenominal), and the biscuits (which really are amazing).  But there's one thing that's going to bring me back here more than anything else.These people cook grits RIGHT.They're slow-cooked: not gloppy or sticky like you find elsewhere when they use the instant kind.  The consistency is like silk.  And the pat of butter on top lends itself to either savory (mixing with your over-easy egg yolks) or sweet (adding some of the homemade jam from the crock on the table) applications.Also, the coffee was just what I wanted and was refilled each time at half-full, eggs were cooked just right for our whole table of four (to the person who said they were runny, all you've gotta do is specify that you clearly know nothing about good eggs and as a result want them cooked within an inch of their lives [side note: people who like hard-cooked eggs are right up there with people who want well-done steak in my book], and they'll do it), hashbrowns were super-crispy but not burned, biscuits were light and flaky, and our waitress--Lois's granddaughter--was a PEACH.I'm going back.  Today!
<review# 1949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2009,5/22/2009,339,177,16,14,19>My dream is to one day live in New York city.  Maybe live a Carrie Bradshaw existence (without all the sleeping around and mental anguish) complete with stylish wardrobe and a stoop I could relax on every night.  Reality is though, I live in Fremont.  Your typical NorCal suburb.  No flash, no hustle and bustle. No museums, nightlife, or shopping at lavish department stores. And the restaurants, hardly what you'd find in NYC.  One thing that sets Fremont apart from other suburbs: Lake Elizabeth.  It's our version of Central Park.  And I'm the Filipino, brunette version of Carrie - HA!Lake Elizabeth is wonderful for so many reasons.  It's perfect for recreation: there's boating, fishing, 4 playgrounds, 3 snackbars, boat rental and even a skate park.  For those simply looking to enjoy the scenery and wildlife, the lake is perfect for a leisurely (2 mile) stroll.  There's truly something for everyone.  For fitness buffs, the lake is perfectly geared towards runners and joggers, roller bladers, even bikers.  Sports enthusiasts can enjoy the 18 tennis courts, soccer fields and basketball courts.  There's even a dog park with plenty of room for  your 4-legged friends to roam.  On any given day you'll find joggers, moms and their babies, couples young & old strolling hand in hand, nurses taking a brisk walk on their lunch break, groups of men chatting among themselve, and tons of dogs of all shapes and sizes.  Weekends, the park is full of the carefree energy that only a Saturday or Sunday can bring.  The grills are fired up and smells of BBQ fill the air. Just remember though, if planning a BBQ, COME EARLY, as in crack of dawn. I had a birthday party here and at 7AM there were others just like me already saving tables.  FYI, there are picnic areas available for advanced reservation via permit. Lake Elizabeth is truly one of the highlights of living in Fremont. When you're here you can't help but enjoy yourself.  Whether you're excercising, spending time with friends or simply enjoying the scenery.  It's no Central Park but for me, for now, it's the next best thing. Carrie Bradshaw, eat your heart out.
<review# 1950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2008,5/21/2009,263,163,16,19,17>Don't come here if you're on a diet unless you plan on burning those calories. The burgers come in various sizes of Papa (1 lb), Mama (1/2 lb), and Baby (1/3 lb).  I've never dare try the Papa and Mama.  The Baby is already a 1/3 lb patty and filling enough.  You can choose the fixins' & condiments you want with your burger. It's all typical diner food (i.e. fries, shakes).  It's all good!  Minus 1 star for their parking lot.  It's tight and in & out access can be a toughy. After eating here: run girl, make that body drip sweat, run girl, work 'em hips.
<review# 1951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2009,5/20/2009,137,325,13,18,21>For my 200th review, I pick you, Asmara!    As you know Africa is made up of 50+ countries all rich in culture and history soooo.....My twins and I headed to Oakland to dine here with some friends of mine.These friends of mine are from Eritrea, East Africa!!!  As we soaked in the beautiful baskets, decorations and beautiful Ethiopian waitresses my friend Mehary and his wife Mehret told us all about their beautiful country of Eritrea.We dined in the typical fashion of Eritreans and Ethiopians by using our hands and holding pieces of enjera (a spongy flat soft bread) to scoop portions of veggies, spicy chicken and mild chicken up from a communal serving dish.The meals are served like this traditionally and it is a time for families to be together and share stories of their day.The food was delicious - every single scrumptious bite I took was a mix of carrots and potatoes or chicken and vegetables - all very tasty.Don't be afraid of the "spicy" chicken - it turned out to be modestly spicy and I think it was my favorite.When you dine here make sure you order a glass of the honey wine, but be warned it will sneak up on you.  It's like drinking a sweet glass of juice. And, to top of your experience it's an extra amazing adventure to have the company of friends who have first hand traditions, stories and love of their country to share with you as you dine.My girls and I sat on the edge of our seats in complete fascination at the whole experience.Once our last two kids are grown and out of the house my husband and I are planning to start our travel adventures, until that time I will continue to eat my way through all the countries of Africa - one restaurant at a time.
<review# 1952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2008,5/19/2009,107,131,22,17,20>Kabana played a cruel trick on me. They brought out the food, which looked delicious. But I don't eat Indian/Pakistani food without naan. So I waited. About a minute later it arrived, and I grabbed into it with my hands so I could pound my chicken tikka masala as quickly and sloppily as possible.The heat from the freshly baked naan made me let out a little girl shriek.My date burst into laughter, cuz she's nice like that. The waiter cautioned me, "Careful, it's hot!" A little late on the warning, but maybe a little common sense on my part would have helped.I think it was pretty obvious I didn't get burned, but the waiter, probably playing off the date's continued laughter, offered me some ice for my fingers.Thanks, I'm good.Besides that little embarrassment, my meal was very good. The naan was excellent and the chicken tasted as good as it looked. It was a little mild, but I'm used to that. These places see my "translucent" skin, as it has been described, and assume I can't handle spicy food.Thumbs up. I'll be back.
<review# 1953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2009,5/17/2009,704,190,31,29,27>I am the surrogate father of the Blasian (half-Asian half-Black) baby of a lesbian living couple in Pittsburg, PA. Okay, that's a lie.... :*(BUT what ISN'T a lie and is in fact the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth!!! is how amazingly delicious AND CHEAP New Gold Medal Restaurant is.Everything I have tried at New Gold Medal Restaurant has been a hit, much like the songs during the first half of Mariah's almost-20-year career.In fact, after feasting here, I am usually dreaming of Music Boxes and Daydreams and Rainbows and Emotions and Heroes and Dreamlovers and mostly, a Vision of Love.The Salt -n- Pepper Porkchop is moist and succulent, like you were making out with a pair of juicy lips that has freshly applied lip gloss made of MSG and trans fatty oil, except after you are done making out, you can eat the lips.The Fish with Cream Corn is capable of giving even the Preacher's Wife conniptions, it's that good. Describing this dish as "flakey fillets of generic white fish deep fried to a golden crisp, then thrown back in a shallow pool of condensed egg and corn soup" is like describing the Louvre as a "museum" - it's accurate, but not adequate; you just have to experience it for yo'self.The BBQ Pork or Cha Siu (I don't understand why people write "Char Siu" - I never hear that "r" - it just sounds retarded) is always just right. Fatty, sometimes burnt at the edges, and flavorful, much like my new weaves I bought over at 16th and Broadway.This review will be a Work in Progress because basically every dish I try is AMAZING GRACE AND HIS EYE WAS ON THE SPARROW.USEFUL TIP: Ask for the "Three Dishes For $6.75 Each" Menu - they have amazing choices offered AND you can get the FREE House Soup (which blows all other soups away) (but you have to ask for it) (so don't be shy).
<review# 1954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2009,5/16/2009,132,86,13,15,13>i was here for the "secret" dave chappelle show last saturday night. upon waiting in line in front of this joint, i seriously thought we had all been duped into buying $50 tickets not for a comedy show, but rather to be subjects of a group mugging or something. the exterior of this place is *literally* plane graffiti-filled walls with boarded up windows. i felt like i was going to a secret, underground rave. then i actually entered the premise. and what a surprise. it's classy inside and not a bad seat in the house. the staff was VERY helpful and accommodating. big A+ it's still a new joint so they don't have a fully stocked bar yet, but based on my one visit last friday, this is YET ANOTHER COOL SPOT in OAKLAND's Uptown district. i'm very curious to see how they finish out the decor. i would not hesitate to come here again for a show.
<review# 1955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2009,5/15/2009,54,112,12,13,13>The Grayson Burger. Like so many reviewers before me, that is what finally brought me through the doors. This place is well known for their brunch as well; but today was a burger day.900 Grayson is easy enough to find: it is the slightly run-down looking red building across the street from Bayer. While the exterior is modest, the interior is colorful and modern and well decorated. Classy.The burger plate uses the same formula as most places with a "fancy" burger. Named-brand beef, location-specific cheese, bacon, bbq sauce, shoestring onions, and a side of fries. While that is kinda routine, what sets 900 Grayson apart is their execution and they nail the dismount. My order came out quickly and looked great but smelled even better. Kinda like a bakery. I think the simply divine, warm and flaky bun is responsible for this. If I were to compare this burger to a pie, that bun would make it a la mode. Beef, bacon, and onions all did their jobs and the bbq sauce tied it all together nicely. The fries aren't mindblowing, but that's not say they are bad. I imagine these are how Mcdonald's fries would be if they weren't soaked in grease and coated in salt. A small amount of herb adds a little extra flavor; a nice touch.Service is super friendly and remained attentive even once the place filled up (about 12:30.) I really want to come back and try this fabled 'Demon Lover.'
<review# 1956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2009,5/14/2009,604,474,9,20,18>Camino won an award from Oakland Magazine this month for being the best new restaurant in the East Bay for 2009.I like Camino a lot. My vegetarian husband is not as thrilled with Camino as I am.  He would like to see more interesting veggie fare. I think the food is very simple and fresh. It is fun to taste several things and share.The tables are so European. Since I am in Europe right now, I can attest that most of the restaurants here have tables very close together anyway. Just keep your conversations clean.Overall, I think Camino is a great addition to the East Bay. Are they worthy of the newcomer award?  Maybe. We shall see. I think Flora may have the edge but Camino can hold their own. Welcome Camino ... we hope you are around for a very long time! And thanks for being on OpenTable ... that makes visiting you a little easier.
<review# 1957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2009,5/13/2009,726,863,23,20,24>I've only seen Marita's cakes at the Grand Lake Farmer's Market. Today, I had the pleasure of visiting the actual shop.For a cool $2.50, you can get a red velvet cupcake with pecan frosting that this large enough to share with 1-2 other people....if you're willing to share...we only children don't like to share....SUCK ON THAT, SPRINKLES!!!!!!Oh yeah. They have pies, other cakes, and bread pudding as well.Oops. I was supposed to give up sweets for Lent.
<review# 1958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2009,5/12/2009,412,187,39,38,45>There are literally no words to describe this place so I'm not even going to try. So instead I'm going to put on a little fashion show for you, Thrift Town's very own line, Verstilále Derelict Couture. ** Beauty's where you find itNot just where you bump and grind itSoul is in the musicalThat's where I feel so beautiful **(virtual) VOGUE!!1st is Mary on the runway, rockin  a red polkadot dress that's as perfect for dancing:img7.imageshack.us/my.ph…........ as it is for bartending with young children:img152.imageshack.us/my.…($5.75)Now here comes Mary in a high collared gray number that can stand the spills of many free drinks:img147.imageshack.us/my.…...... as well as quality time with her momimg210.imageshack.us/my.…($4.99)And now here's a very special Blossom church lady hat for dainty tea dates:img7.imageshack.us/my.ph…......and backwards homoeroticism:img7.imageshack.us/my.ph…($12 pricey)Donning a blindingly sequined dress that would make Liza Minelli proud (and joined by equally blindingly beautiful ladies):img147.imageshack.us/my.…... as well as getting bartered on the black market for yelpstick:img4.imageshack.us/my.ph…($11)A bolero that can be worn while enjoying fine modern art:img510.imageshack.us/my.…..... or enjoying a drink as well mixed and delicious as ethnically diverse lovin:img237.imageshack.us/my.…($3)Hamming it up in a hideously gorgeous sweater:img19.imageshack.us/my.p…... to riding a wine barrel (?!?):img26.imageshack.us/my.p…($2)Now the grand finale, joined by The House wearing various other labels:img164.imageshack.us/my.….....And winning Best Dressed at the Masquerade Ball (booyah):img237.imageshack.us/my.…(Dress: $11.99 Belt: $1.99 Necklace: $0.69)I may be a hobo, but honey, I look like a million bucks
<review# 1959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2009,5/11/2009,240,172,11,14,14>Two reasons to go to Emeryville:1. Amtrak2. Rudy's Can't Fail CafeFor you diner freaks... it is the coolest diner I've been to in the Bay Area.  Hands down (my pants).  You must order a Shakin' Jesse.  MMM. I always feel compelled to order breakfast in diners so I had a breakfast burrito which was the basic what-you-might-find-in-a-breakfast-burrito burrito.  Damn good.  My roommate had a burger and while it looked like it had been cooked in a cookie cutter, she said it was quite tasty.  Quick, clean service.  The place is owned by Billie Joe from Green Day and you can tell, it's got that 90's punk/pop vibe.  OH AND! From 9pm-1am every night they have $1 beers! WooOOoo!
<review# 1960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2009,5/10/2009,169,21,15,10,9>My Cafe 15 mocha was coffee ambrosia. After every sip, I had a vision of Rosario Dawson sporting a red two-piece and a "Pam Grier" soul fro. I think one of the key ingredients in the food here is a 2/3rds cup of cloud. I'm not sure I've ever had an order of  fries and chicken sandwich so light. Also, the mayo is on point like a Shaolin death strike. I've tried the oyster po' boy and it's very good - lightly battered in the same way as the chicken sandwich. Hopefully one day I'll get to try those mythic onion rings that I've yet to see on the "today's special" menu.Cafe 15, welcome to my restaurant rotation.4.5 stars.
<review# 1961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2008,5/9/2009,185,59,10,32,20>The Short: Girl with a Truck completely kicks butt.  Hire her. Don't even question it.The Long:Thursday morning movers dumped 50 boxes of books and miscellany on my sidewalk in front of my house with about one day's notice.  I called a bunch of movers and organizers, but no one responded.  I called Isaballa (GWAT) and she sent her best organizer over within a couple of hours.  The person she sent over, (Robin) carried up the remaining 35 boxes I couldn't carry, unpacked everything, put all my books on the shelves, organized a closet, and helped me put all the remaining boxes away.  It was amazing.  You couldn't tell that just a three hours prior, there had been 50 huge boxes on the sidewalk.I hired both Isabella and Robin to come in the next day - They helped me clean out all the closets in my house (8 years of stuff!), set stuff out on my sidewalk with a free sign (1/2 was taken away!) recycled all my clothing, computers, parts, and equipment, and then organized my linens, kitchen, and gave me the receipts for all my charity donations.They hauled off everything that people didn't take home, and left my apartment cleaner, more organized, and feeling good that I didn't throw out anything that someone else could have used.Yay Isabella and Robin!They were super sweet, constructive, helpful, and didn't push to throw things away, but pointed out ways to save time, space, and to 'lighten up."This was by far the best money I've spent on my home in a while. 100% approved.  Send me a message if you want to know more!
<review# 1962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2009,5/8/2009,714,2047,20,25,23>Why did it take me so long to come here?At least I did it up right, coming on my birthday at around ten before heading over to the Piedmont Theater to see a midnight showing of The Goonies.  How cool is that?  It was very very cool.Anyway, you all know I'm into pinball, so I was super-excited to be able to play as much as I could for $10.  The cheap cover is what this place is all about.  Sure, you're not as focused on playing well since you're not paying for your individual games (many of the games don't even have high scores), but who cares?  You're playing pinball basically for free.It's also really cool because whereas normally you want everyone to go away because pinball machines at bars/arcades/miniature-golf centers are limited, at this place, you just want everyone to have a good time because you know they'll get bored of playing that Twilight Zone game eventually, and then you can jump right in.I also dig the crowd here.  At first I was kind of sad that they don't have a place like this in San Francisco, but I'm actually really glad they don't have a place like this in the city, because all the idiots who live here would ruin in.  Honestly.So come here to play pinball in a fun, relaxed atmosphere.  Unless you're a San Francisco idiot.  If you are, go get drunk in the Mission and end up at Sparky's.
<review# 1963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2009,5/7/2009,289,458,23,14,20>I just tied the belt around my arm. Once a man with so much charm. Stuck the needle deep into my vein, as all the mentality dripped from my brain. My arms flung back like I was dead...I started see f'd up images in my head..Then the body awoke trying to react..but it can't, your done its just a fact..So how long will the food coma last...Its does matter because each time the food is a blast..You leave thinking more food than you ever seen..But in reality you aint nothing but a curry feen!      _____      |____|          | |            ( 0 )  | |   ( 0 )   =======      |        .|      |~~~~|      |   C   |      |   U   |      |   R   |      |   R   |      |   Y    |      |         |       \___/            ||           ||           *
<review# 1964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2008,5/6/2009,301,844,11,16,20>The first stop on an East Bay wine tour, Viano seemed a little unsure what to do with the 5 of us when we showed up at 11am. Service was initially adequate, with standard small tasting pours. When we started talking about buying their VERY affordable wine by the case, however, her smile got larger, as did the size of our tasting pours. Out came the reserve wines also. The standouts were certainly the inexpensive house red and white table wines ($4/bottle) and the Late Harvest Zinfandel. By the time we left, I think we had 15-18 bottles of wine collectively, plus 2-3 bottles of wine vinegar. At $1.99 a bottle, those last were simply too good to pass up. There are some picnic tables tucked onto a patio beside the tasting building where you can bring a picnic and drink while looking out over the vines. Looks ideal for spring/summer/fall.Bonus: If you're in the market for a REALLY big bottle of wine for a party, they have a few of theirs available in the uber-large sizes: Jeroboam (3L), Methuselah (6L), and Salmanazar (9L). I didn't see a Nebuchadnezzar (12L); maybe Nebuchad-next time!TRIVIA: For unknown reason, a Jeroboam of champagne or burgundy is 3 liters, while a Jeroboam of Bordeaux is 4.5 liters. (A 3-liter bottle of Bordeaux is a "double magnum".)
<review# 1965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,5/5/2009,506,510,12,12,11>Colorful tarts, tart pies and chocolate eclairs. Drool drool drool.When you have a dinner party and the guest are vegetarians you have to select dishes that satisfy the veggies and the non-veggies. Since I was the chef of the evening I chose the main entree and my partner in crime chose dessert. I know you want to know what I came up with and it was not a vegetarian lasagna, so keep on guessing. It was a sauteed prawndish over angel hair pasta.Onto the dessert. What was chosen from La Farine was a custard filled tart pie with fresh mango and raspberries on top. It had a light flaky crust and smooth custard filling...very yummy. Rich with flavor and color, it was not inexpensive but it was the highlight of the evening. Double servings for everyone, not a morsel left over.La Farine has a nice selection of fresh baked breads, rolls, scones and other goodies. Easy parking and right off the freeway in the Laurel district of Oakland. It is worth checking out
<review# 1966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2008,5/4/2009,733,936,14,14,14>I can always count on Clara to do the research to find great places to eat.  You've no idea how sad I'll be that she's moving to LA.  *sniff*We were to convene at Wally's for dinner before the East Bay Yelp Elite event at Periscope.  Clara has worked in Emeryville for the past 3 years and I lived in Berkeley/Emeryville area for 6 years, but neither of us had ever even heard of this place.If you know this area of Emeryville near San Pablo and Ashby, you know how seedy it is.  There is street parking but you're better off in the structure around the back.  The problem is how to get out of the stucture to Wally's, and even more confusing how to get back.  We literally walked around the block to get back to the the car.  But that is beside the point.Wally's is located in this alleyway next to a bar by a dumpster.  There is a small unassuming sign but little did we know it was the gates to something fantastic.  Three of us were in attendance, Clara K, my cousin J, and myself.  The place is a true hole-in-the-wall.  There is a U-shaped bar that seats about 4 on a side, but fortunately there were only 2 other people there.  The place feels like an old burger joint and has that faint heavy feeling of many gallons of oil being used there over many years.  But it's so faint it's not gross,it somehow is comforting the way a bacon cupcake is.  It's a bit loud behind us as it opens to the aforementioned bar.  We were warned that the portions were huge so we ordered hummus with pita wedges and two plates: the gyro plate and the shawarma plate for the three of us.We got bowls of lentil soup AND a the hummus appetizer gratis.  FREE!  See my photos that I've added to the business page.Lentil soup.  A good starter, not heavy and not to hot. [3/5]Hummus and pita.  This was really good.  Nicely presented on a small plate with a well for the fresh oil, spice, and garnish on top.  The pita wedges were chewy and warm and able to scoop up large dollops of hummos.  [4/5]Falafels.  One for each of us and a little larger than a golf ball.  They were cirspy and warm and served over greek salad.  Above average for falafel I've had.  [3.5/5]Gyro plate.  Long thin strips of savory gyro meat served over greek salad.  It was also accompanied by rice and tzatziki.  Delicious!  I love gyro meat and this was definitely one of the better ones I've had.  The tzatziki was not too sour and complemented the gyro meat beautifully.  [4.5/5]Chicken schawarma plate.  The chicken was plump, juicy, delicious, and cooked to perfection.  It was accompanied by a really good garlic paste that complemented the chicken perfectly.  This also had the salad and rice.  [4.5/5]Baklava.  I don't get a lot of baklava and most experiences with it are meh.  The reason is because it is cooked way in advanced and either eaten cold or unlovingly heated under a lamp or microwave.  Near the end of the meal, we noticed the owner pulled out a piping hot and fresh pan of baklava.Now, I know I wasn't the only one just watching and drooling.  We kinda stopped talking for awhile as we watched him drizzle the honey sauce over it and then the chopped nuts.  I know you're all drooling as you read this and look at the pictures.  None of us--and I know many of you--have never had right out of the baklava.  We were contemplating ordering some when the owner pulled three squares of heaven onto a plate and placed it in front of us, telling us it was free.I think I almost cried and maybe even soiled myself a little.We eagerly picked up the pieces and I had to restrain myself like you wouldn't believe to eat it in two civil bits and not nom in up like a wolf.  It was heavenly.  The buttery buttiness and the light crispiness of the dough was just perfect.  It was warm and sweet and made me sigh.  It was a perfect end to the meal [5/5]The owner was so nice and unassuming the entire meal, it was so enjoyable to see him make the food and speak lightly and warmly to us and the other customers.  He looked like a little bigger version of Jean Reno but I kept that to myself until now.There was so much food that we combined the two plates and had an entire plate left to take home.  The overall cost for this meal was $30!  Yes we got some free food but omit the free falafel and baklava and the three of us would still have been full with the hummus and two plates.I will definitely be coming back.  I flingin' flangin' love Wally's!
<review# 1967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2009,5/3/2009,86,153,9,7,9>This place is way too cool for El Cerrito. I say this as one who grew up in what used to be a geriatric ward. You've come a long way little hill...a long way.They got Ritual coffee, turn tables, Wi-Fi (free w/ 5 dolla purchase. ugh), booze, free live music, comfy couches. It's pretty much hipster heaven.Last week I came in and had a delightful sweet pea soup. It was rich, creamy and hearty; with big chunks of a suspicious green vegetable floating around. Tasted more like a cream of asparagus soup. It was fabulous, as was the live music. That night there was a New Orleans style jazz group that I believe featured a Golden Girls look-alike as the lead singer. Was it Rose? Or maybe Estelle Getty (oh sad...she's dead now). Either way, she was awesome... and I want her hat.
<review# 1968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2009,5/2/2009,80,171,15,15,14>I am sure big companies have great perks that I may be missing out on, but my boss is awesome.  Instead of a Christmas/Holiday party/dinner, he gifts a very generous gift certificate for Chez Panisse (and great wines/champagnes too).This was my third visit to the cafe, I have yet to eat at the restaurant because I am not patient enough to wait all month long (about how long for restaurant resv.) just to find out whether or not I will like the fixed-price menu being served that night.  I'm positive every course served within the dark curtained restaurant is amazing, I'm just not ready to venture out and try quail, squab or the like quite yet. The cafe is upstairs with an open kitchen.  The wood and lighting offers an intimate setting.For starters we ordered the Tomales Bay oysters on the half shell with mignonette sauce and our waiter recommended a Portuguese white wine.  My sis is not a fan of oysters, but I thought that I could win her over.  She wasn't ready so I had a few but was not able to enjoy them all myself, as just a few are plenty for me.My sis had the blood orange, grapefruit, and avocado salad with citrus vinaigrette and sardine toast.  She asked that they hold the sardine toast, but our waiter (honestly, I do not believe he ever mentioned his name because I have a great memory and most always remember names) recommended one of us at least try the sardine toast.  He said it would be an experience that we would find nowhere else, so I tried and was pleasantly surprise and ended up eating both.  I can now say that I have tried sardines.... and it was not oily or what I expected at all.  I had the goat cheese salad, which I always have and will continue to order, and it was great as usual.  Love chevre!Rach had the pan-fried chicken breast with black truffles, cauliflower, cardoons, and chervil - the absolute best thing that came to our table that night!  The chicken was moist and stuffed with black truffle sauce.  I would highly recommend this dish.Because I don't get here often, I never order the same items as my dining partner just so we can share all of the deliciousness that Chez Panisse has to offer.  Although, I was not as lucky with my selection of an entree.  I ordered the rock cod and clam chowder with  pancetta, wild fennel, leeks, potatoes, and spicy flatbread, and honestly was not blown away.  It was more watered down than a chowder.  The clams were good, but the cod was nothing spectacular.  For dessert, I ordered the wildflower honey mousse with citrus compote and a puff twist.  My sis had the lime sherbet with confit d'orange and a coconut tuile.  We both had lattes (I love their coffee and espresso) and shared our desserts.  The lime sherbet was great and the tangiest I have ever tried, but a little goes a long way.  The mousse was light and creamy.  Chez Panisse is perfect for a special occasion.
<review# 1969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2009,5/1/2009,93,325,13,16,16>Bangkok Thai is a simple restaurant but over time, I fall more in more in love with it.  I was greatly amused this evening by their Valentine's Day decor.  But the restaurant wins my heart because they have always satisfied me, serving basic dishes for reasonable prices.  I was also really impressed the service tonight as one of the waitresses chased down a patron outside who had left their purse (admirable by itself, but even more so in the poring rain).The delicious chicken coconut lemongrass soup hit the spot on the drizzly day.  With more dinner options (I usually just come here for lunch), I was also really glad we tried the house special Chu-Chee Salmon - a fillet topped with special moderate spicy red curry coconut milk sauce and served with steamed vegetables.  It had a fantastic zing that went very nicely with a side order of perfectly cooked brown rice.And since I was treating my brother to dinner for picking me up and then loaning me his car today (after unexpectedly having to replace my timing belt, then having my bike tire go flat, and getting stranded in Berkeley for staying out too late and missing the last bus yesterday), we splurged on dessert.  There is nothing like a hot freshly fried banana with sweet honey to finish off the week.
<review# 1970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2009,4/30/2009,327,363,11,10,13>I like to think the heavy brick weight greasy sandwiches here could actually cancel out the amount of calories I've consumed. I mean, the sandwiches could essentially be like lifting weights, therefore working off the fat while I lift for each bite... Yeah? ....Well even if my logic is whacky, I absolutely love the food here! I ordered a large Mushroom Steak ($7.99), which was insanely heavy filled with a generous portion of meat, mushrooms, and thick cheese! The cheese really makes the sandwich! Even I was full off half the sandwich (so a large is good for two!). Now the chilli cheese fries were to die for too! A HUGE portion (since they only have one size, it could be a meal in itself): thick cut fries, good hearty pieces of beef, and drenched in yummy cheese! Now the place isn't too big, with a few bar stools and tables, so it seems as though most take it to go. Don't let the car ride home be too long though, because things can start to get moist & soggy. Other than that, the service here was fast and friendly. And most importantly, cash only kids! Glad I don't live too close or I-B routinely having a sandwich workout to tone these guns *flexes arms* ;)
<review# 1971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2008,4/29/2009,252,388,14,24,22>Eric V. and I went in for dinner last weekend with some friendsWe had a reservation at 8pm. Our table was ready for us. Our server, Frankie was charming and attentive.Drinks are still out-of-this world!!! They have added more cocktails to their menu since I've been there last, but I stuck with the Lemon Drop (I missed you  little lemon drop).For my meal I tried the pan seared lamb chops. WOW....really, WOW. Make sure you let the chef cook him the way he thinks, medium rare. The meat was tender and juicy. The chops were a decent size too. Fresh vegetables (fresh, i.e. from Hayward's farmer's market that morning) and mashed potatoes. Our table had the Green Tea Creme Brulee, the cheese cake (which is more like a traditional cake and less like a traditional cheese cake) and the chocolaty cake for dessert. Everything was amazing.I don't know what we did to deserve Bijou but I'm not going to think about it too much. Hayward -- you BETTER keep supporting this wonderful place. I need them! Finally, a great place -- near my house to enjoy an amazing meal, fabulous cocktails, good service and a sleek and welcoming decor.
<review# 1972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2008,4/28/2009,1211,478,28,34,19>You know why I have side bangs?So, I only have to pluck one eyebrow.Not really, but that is a pretty good reason. I usually get my eyebrows threaded at Beauty Plus Salon and Boutique (yelp.com/biz/beauty-plus…) , but they do such a sloppy job, that I have to go home and finish the rest.As I was walking around Southland Mall, I saw a booth that does threading and decided to give it a go, since I thought she would be done in about 2 minutes.  My threader, Artika, was having conversations with me during the process and she spent at least 10 minutes on my eyebrows.  She let me look in the mirror after my first eyebrow was done and I was amazed, it was the cleanest I've ever seen it and there was not a stray hair.  This little booth is really such a find, but do find Artika, she knows her eyebrows!  I would pay $30 for these eyebrows, but Artika only charges $10.  Eyebrow Shaping:  $10Upper Lip:  $5Full Face:  $30Henna Tattoos: $6Chin Threading:  $7Side Burns:  $8Forehead:  $5Call and see if Artika is available before you go:510-780-0655
<review# 1973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2009,4/27/2009,126,1452,20,19,16>I cannot say enough about this place. My husband came home starving and I said lets go to Zio's for Side Cars and Appetizers. We got there early enough to get a good seat at the bar. Our favorite bar tender wasn't there yet though. We asked the different guy if he knew how to make a Side Car and he said he did. He made it smaller and less flavor full than the other guy but I still drank like 5 of them. Our regular guy showed up and we ordered two more from him and it was nice to get a perfect Side Car again. This place really does know how to make a mean Side Car. We had the Deep Fried Calamari and Deep Fried Ravioli. It was excellent. I think we were the first people to order from the kitchen so it was really fresh. At Happy Hour the owner brought out some little BLT's for the bar area to enjoy. The clientele at the bar is much much older than my husband and I but I don't mind. I think they think its weird that my husband and I like hanging out there.
<review# 1974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2009,4/26/2009,116,243,11,17,15>We had a fantastic time at Pican. There were seven of us at the bar and we ordered several dishes to taste. First of all, the restaurant is gorgeous. It's modern and sexy with a warm glow to everything. The scene is slightly upscale but lively with great energy. The bar was crowded but the crowd was happy and courteous and we all got along splendidly. The bar was stocked with a great selection of spirits and they were making some cool looking house cocktails. Our bartender Bridget was friendly and on top of her game. This would be a five star review if it were not for some issues we had with the food. While the menu reads beautifully and everything sounds amazing, I was disappointed with the execution of almost everything we tried. Everyone in our group agreed that the scallops, shrimp and grits, the chicken liver and the fried chicken were way too salty. While the flavors were definitely there, and we were a group of seven, we didn't finish most of the dishes because of the saltiness. The grits in the shrimp and grits dish was too dense with a consistency of lumpy oatmeal that has been sitting around. In my opinion, the grits should be soft, creamy and runny. I love grits so this was a big disappointment for me. And the mac n cheese... Smoked gouda mac n cheese? I believe in smoking a lot of things but cheese isn't one of them. Melting it in mac n cheese didn't change the fact that I hate smoked gouda. Not a winning dish. We were there on the seventh day after opening so they definitely have some serious kinks to iron out in the kitchen. Pican has the potential for greatness.  I will hold on to the fifth star until they reach it.  Even if they don't improve the food, I would come back just to have cocktails in that lovely space with the beautiful and diverse crowd.  What a great addition to Oakland.
<review# 1975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2009,4/24/2009,330,444,13,21,21>Sidebar moved into a space formerly occupied by a weird, hit-or-miss, never open place called 'Trio'- you've probably never heard of it, right?  Yeah. Well, prepare for this little strip of businesses to get on the map! Wonderful view of the lake, very sweet bartenders who winked at me, brought me my food, and generally did a good job- I'm sold. Anyway- Sidebar Is a cute spot,  and I have very high hopes for them.  The interior is uncluttered, but they chose nice paint colors, it has a little modern-cozy vibe going on, with the brushed copper bar and the typeset of the menus- as well as the actual menu items itself.  The bar is in a square in the center of the restaurant, so you can sit on one side and gaze at folks seated at the other side of the square, or past them, toward the diners at tables, or in toward the kitchen, which is open. All the makings of a great place to meet people?  I too was assessing the crowd, and I would say it's sort of a mix of people from the neighborhood, and probably some folks who came down from the hills/Montclair/Trestle Glen to enjoy an evening by the lake post 'rash-of-robberies' style, and I swear there was a security guy working.  Keep in mind they only serve beer and wine- which I think is a good way for them to go- along with an appetizer and full dinner menu.  Lunch I'm not sure about.   Food wise I'm thrilled to have a spot near my home to get an Organic burger if I want one, but I'll have to explore the other choices in the future- maybe with a date.
<review# 1976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2009,4/23/2009,266,222,40,23,26>I feel so betrayed I don't even know where to begin.Let me give you a quick glimpse into the Holiday Season for Kristi. New Years is kind of a big deal for the Japanese; Seeing as how my family owns the Tokyo Fish Market (shameless plug) and is full of good cooks we basically have a FEAST every year.We all load up in the car, Mochi too, and head over to my aunties house to get our grub on.But this year, things are a little rough for my grandma. She hasn't been feeling well, not in the mood for traveling, and - well - I don't blame her! So for the first time in about, oh, 20 years, we stayed home for Thanksgiving and New Years.And the one thing I was going to miss the most - besides family, of course (:  - was the ham.Good bye Auntie H's ham. Maybe next year :'(I came to terms with the fact that there would be none of that home cooked delicious oink-oink this year and said "It's a new year! who cares about a ham!?"Well I care about the freaking ham and I was sad, damnit.I mourned for about 3 days after hearing the news that Auntie's ham was no longer a reality. But my mom insisted that we go pick up a Honeybaked Ham and that it'll be just as good.Yeah. Right. Walking into a store, and picking up a refrigerated ham wrapped in foil was NOT going to be the same as Aunties ham.I was still mad but sacrifices must be made. Life must go on.Fast Forward to New Years Day: So we prepare the ham that we got from Honeybaked Ham Co in Fremont and it was the main dish this year. It was all cut up, my mom heated it up perfectly, and I put a few pieces on my plate and sat at the table.The entire time, I was thinking, "this thing better be good..." because Aunties ham is basically free for us and this 9 pounder cost a freaking fortune.$55!! FOR A HAM!I took one bite and immediately said "MMMMM!!! It tastes JUST like Aunties Ham!! Wait it tastes a LOT like her ham..."And then my mom said "thats because she buys hers from Honeybaked Every year!" ..........[blink]....................umm I'm sorry WHAT!?!?My entire LIFE I've been drooling over Aunties ham and you mean to tell me that every year she goes to a STORE and BUYS it!? Its like my life is crumbling before my eyes. It will never be the same again. I must now question everything in life...-2 star for the emotional trauma that I have gone through coming to terms with the fact that my Autnies home-made ham is really everything but.However +1 star because now I know I can have Aunties ham any time of the year. Even though its not really her ham anymore...*cries*mmmmmmm ham.
<review# 1977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2008,4/22/2009,222,319,14,17,16>How is this place in business? They're practically giving food away with their mammoth-sized dim sum and cheap prices. The har gow and xiu mai (fried and steamed) were delicious. You might say that's all you ordered? Well when the dumplings are Flintstonian in size, it doesn't take much to fill you up.One negative I found was the crab rangoon, a triangular, deep fried dumpling, which lacked what was described. The filling was more cream-cheesy than crabby. And the crab that may have been in there was possibly imitation. Not bad for 5 for $1.85, but something I won't be ordering again.All in all, it's a great deal for a large amount of food that doesn't hurt your wallet. I will definitely be back to try other types of dim sum. But given my practice of eating only 2-3 items from their menu, it looks like it's going to take many, many, many visits to sample everything on their menu.
<review# 1978,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/4/2009,4/21/2009,1099,544,20,24,22>Happy Hour at a Chinese cafe???  Who would've thought??  Apparently D & A did!  Happy Hour runs from 3pm-6pm, and their specials are $3.80!Its another late night week for me at work, so my coworkers decided to pick up some dinner.  I was hungry, and at $3.80 a pop, I couldn't refuse.  I got the salted fish and chicken fried rice( static.px.yelp.com/bphot… ) and an order of gai lan( static.px.yelp.com/bphot… ).The fried rice could have used a little more chicken, but other than that it was pretty good.  Great way to stink up the office!  The gai lan was yummy...nice and tender with just the right amount of oyster sauce.  I love me some veggies!  Cheap and convenient....can't go wrong with that!
<review# 1979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2009,4/19/2009,883,311,15,13,12>consider this a love letter.dear zacharys,never leave me. the deep dish is unlike any other east bay pizza. others may try to duplicate, but they will never garnish the same chemistry that you do with your deep dishes...ok, i cant keep this  up.but seriously, its amazing, the salads are always crisp and amazing, and their take out isnt sloppy like some places do, they really do give you the same quality as if  you were to come in and eat.  and the slices are always hot and neat, not sloppy, as said, others can be. service is pretty quick. i have good family dinner memories here from when i was a kid, so its nostalgic for me.good times.
<review# 1980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2008,4/17/2009,43,141,12,13,13>What Mike Z. lacks in matchmaking skills he for sure makes up for in restaurant recommendations. Forget the fact that Mike Z. and I have never met or that I would not hesitate to sell my soul to the devil for a consistently good piece of ass, if you ever find yourself in Fairfield craving a respectable meal, the Sticky is the place to go.For all the foodies out there who claim to know where to find the most, "authentic," Chinese food, let's just remember that Bistro comes before Chinese in the name of this particular restaurant? So think a little fusion, some creativity, open your mind, and chill the hell out.I dragged Scott A. along with me and we started out sharing the mixed green salad with soy vinaigrette. The large portion came served with cherry tomatoes, apples, and pecans. Very fresh greens pre-mixed with just the right amount of tasty dressing. Lunch also comes with soup of the day which I could not partake in because it was not vegan but Scott A. hates to see anything go to waste so he ate mine and gave his approval.I decided on the tofu with mixed vegetables for my main course. Let me tell you, this was no mass produced PF Chang's dish. The bok choy, zucchini, celery, green beans, snow peas, and carrots were cooked perfectly. The large chunks of tofu were crispy on the outside but not so overcooked as they were easily sliced with the side of your fork. Chewy on the inside and the tofu had soaked up some of the best sauce I've ever tasted. A little sweet, a little spicy, excellent consistency. Brown rice people, need I say more?Score 1 for Mike Z.-the Sticky is a keeper. Now if he just had some good recommendations for a decent happy ending.....
<review# 1981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2008,4/16/2009,944,543,17,17,17>Wanna do something FREE over the weekend?Then folks...step right up, grab a paper hat and step in line for the FREE tour at Jelly Belly Factory located in Fairfield, which is roughly about an hours drive from San Francisco.The tour educates you on how two young brothers, who emigrated from Germany started a candy making company in 1869. Gustav and Albert Goelitz basically started what we now know as Jelly Belly, and their 5th generation descendants have been making incredible confectioneries since then. The tour takes you on different stages on the life and berth of a Jelly Belly. There's a walkway on top of the factory and you get a bird's eye view of the processing machine. They even have robots performing specific tasks along the way. One is even designated as a greeter complete with a banner. No, it's not Wall-E in case you where wondering.  They make all kinds of flavors and they give you a guide on what flavors to combine to get the taste of your favorite banana split or strawberry cheesecake. The combination is endless and I'm sure you can even make a combination that will taste like frog's legs or chicken. As we all know, President Ronald Reagan popularized this candy when he started bringing this candy to every meeting and the rest as we say is history. Since then, they have made several murals to his likeness, all made out of Jelly Bellys. They even have one of Elvis, the American Flag, Statue of Liberty, the Bald Eagle and Bush. Bush...WTF?Boy, you sure can tell who they're affiliated with based on what former presidents gets the same treatment. Let's just say that there are no murals of Democrats nor Barbara Streisand here. Where's my FREE Jelly Bellys? I need to go.Heck, it's a fun tour and you can eat at their dining area afterward. They have burgers, pizza and ice cream. Basically, your typical junk food group. Good luck after the tour...did I mention your in Fairfield? Oh, I see a Budweiser factory across the way. Nah....I'll pass.
<review# 1982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2008,4/15/2009,298,127,27,23,24>I like this place more then members of my immediate family.This is the kind of place I will take people when they come to visit. To me, this is what small family run restaurants are all about.So, the sushi was probably a B, or a B+. But, that does not matter because of the excellent prices, and BOTTOMLESS SAKE.Yes kids, you heard me right. BOTTOMLESS SAKE.I got lit like a homeless man on Old English for a mere $ 3.50. My sushi plate which had an excellent selection and large portions was also only $16 dollars. Basically, I had a great dinner and damn near blacked out on 20 dollars. I am almost afraid to share this, out of fear that I wont be able to get a table next time I go.To add to the experience, Coach (the owner) is a very charming man that makes his patrons feel welcome and part of an experience.Endless Sake box ?Woke up fully clothed on rug.Who got cigarettes ?Talent Level ? Cute area hipster looking a cheap date.
<review# 1983,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/22/2009,4/14/2009,1429,411,13,26,19>This seems to be one of the new hot spots in Alameda for great food, and it has a lot of great upside! I feel like the restaurant does give off a nice south Florida vibe... By that i mean the white walls, the huge windows that let the sun come in... the baby blues and lime green... the huge pictures on the wall... the friendly waiters... Its a nice vibe in here. Items i've tried include the Mango Chicken Salad. The full salad is very big, and it comes out very cold so it tastes fresh... but it lacks alot  flavor. That will run you $10.95 at lunch.The sauteed Scallops are pretty good. They're very easy to cut through, not very rubbery like some scallops can be... For $11.95 you get 4 scallops.The item i like most is the Shrimp Ceviche. Honestly, i've never met a ceviche i didn't like... I think everyone likes ceviche because it's basically just a freshly made salsa... it's hard to go wrong here. The only problem i had was i wish Havana's ceviche was a little spicier. $9.25Lastly, one item i would not recommend... The crab cakes. I'm not even sure if they put crab into them. For a dish that every restaurant should have on lock... this one failed. It tasted like tuna/mystery meat. $9.50I think this place is pretty good... A solid A-OK 3 stars! I think the prices are a little high for the amount of food you receive, but that's how it is with all tapas spots. There is a nice $10 off coupon in the East Bay Express, i would recommend trying to snag one of those... I think i'll probably be back to Havana to try one of their main entrees or sandwiches...
<review# 1984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2009,4/13/2009,112,49,25,22,21>Holy macaroni!!! This place is the shiznit if, like me, you are afraid of heights and don't want to do the real thing. I was taken here for my birthday in December and had a great time. We got suit up and they took us into this vertical wind tunnel. As I waited for my turn, my heart pounded faster and faster. I don't know why I was so scared. Even the seven year old little girls ahead of me were so relaxed. Darn, no turning back now, it was my turn already. Okay, all I had to do was lean in and the instructor dude will help me out. Yikes! I closed my eyes, leaned in, then WHOOSH! There was so much air pressure I could hardly breath. I opened my eyes to see the reflection of myself on the mirror. My face literally had flabs that were flapping around like it had its own wings. The image of myself was so funny that I couldn't contain myself and so I bust out laughing. That was a big, big mistake. The next thing I knew there it was--my saliva drooling on the sides of my mouth and flying all over the place. Despite my efforts to hide it, everyone appeared to have seen it since they were making gross faces. Before I got any more embarrassed, the instructor spun me around and took me up and down. We get two turns only (lasted only about a minute each).Despite my little *ahem* accident, I had a blast. It was, however, totally expensive. I paid $49.95 for the "Discount Times". I would go again in the future (maybe after college). It was so fun though. You should definitely try it at least once.
<review# 1985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2008,4/12/2009,156,263,34,18,15>Alright, I'm gonna be honest. I really don't have any theories about how I end up at the diviest of bars, but I just do. I;ve gone from a bikini bar in sunnyvale to a total dive in SF's Mission where I literally witnessed guys going Tony Montana in the bathrooms. (And I don't mean shooting the place up). But hey, that's what makes me awesome and like my Yelp friend Michael H. once told me that "hey I get to review all the good places!"  So here we are on my next stop of dives where I'm sure this will turn into a Yelp list someday. Gentleman Jim's. Here's what you need to know.Two pool tables. They run the Vallejo Pool league hereHD tv's a plenty.Wednesday night is Build your own steak n fix-in's nite (9.99, includes a beer as well. what a deal!)Plenty of cougars on the prowl, so... bring your hunting gear, haha.Saturday night, Master J. This DJ lays down some hot tracks.For some of the night he played a lot of Bon Jovi and Poison.After all, it's Vallejo. Gotta cater to the crowd right?But when he threw the hip hop on... I heard some real nice mixes I've never even heard on the radio or online.Some new stuff with some classic beats.I found myself bobbing my head all night, even while just sitting watching tv.I guess it's just one of those things that you don't notice it unless it's good, and then when it is good you tell yourself "heeeeey, this sounds pretty damn good."Drinks are fairly priced and service is quick.I certainly would not mind "ending up" here again!Almost forgot to add, there is a pole on the dance floor.Nothing like a neck-tatted, halter top, 40 yr old cougar releasing her inner stripper...
<review# 1986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2008,4/11/2009,156,126,8,17,16>Tucked away in North Oakland, this wine oasis is no mirage despite being next to a Mexican restaurant and a tattoo parlor.  The moment you step in, you will be reminded of a warm inviting house with an intimate patio.  The low comfy brown chairs with the low tables make it the perfect setting to sip on some quality vino and chat away.  The small bar area is ideal for grabbing a glass to unwind after a long day.  For a nice dinner, head to the outdoor patio where you can be warmed by the heat lamps, wine, salads, and sandwiches.Nuts & Bolts:Wine:  Reds, Whites, and FlightsBeer:  Draft and BottledOther Beverages:  Soda, coffee, and loose leaf teasFood:  Bruschetta, Salads, and PaninisMy Recommendations:Wine:  Pinot Noir - Alamos, Mendoza, Argentina  (one of the best Pinot's I've ever had)Bruschetta:  Ask what the special of the day is.  When I heard it, I jumped for itSalad:  "Sonoma" Butter lettuce, pears, blue cheese, candied walnuts, raspberry vinaigrette (fresh and all the ingredients compliment each other very well)Panini:  Thin sliced flank steak, roasted red peppers, caramelized onions and roasted garlic aioli (light and hearty at the same time, depending how hungry you are)
<review# 1987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2008,4/10/2009,341,458,31,32,30>At my kid's elementary school, if they forget to wear athletic shoes on P.E. day, they have to pick up trash instead.  Twice I have caught her hiding her shoes, because she would rather do litter duty than gym class.So I was a little surprised when she came home from school one day and declared she wanted to try karate.  But I was downright shocked, after watching their vigorous warm up and work out, that she LOVES it and looks forward every class.The school is owned by Joey and Nyree Cruz, and it's wonderful to watch them with the kids.  Their style is traditional (you can read about that on the website cruzkarate.com) but I especially love the way each kid gets attention and encouragement that suits his personality and ability.  Additionally, the more experienced students mentor their newer classmates in a very positive environment.  And she's learned to count to 10 in Japanese, which is sure to please Bachan.My husband took a special weapons class with my daughter, and I did "Parent Participation Night", and we are both considering joining the adult classes.I'll end with a couple of quotes:"If it's easy, you're not doing it right." - Joey Cruz, encouraging a little girl who was struggling to get a movement right."Mr. Cruz says that if it's fun, you're not doing it right." - That same little girl, slightly confused.
<review# 1988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,4/9/2009,832,283,122,88,88>When a woman mentions that something  is "this big" followed by a thumb and index finger gesture meant to demonstrate a measurement of about two inches, we other women generally take her word for it.When a man claims that something is "this big" followed by a two-handed gesture meant to demonstrate a measurement of about eighteen inches, we women generally smile, nod politely, and assume the man is a lying sack of shit.So when I asked the dude at this taco truck what the difference was between a regular burrito and a super burrito and he made the two-handed, eighteen-inch gesture, I wrote it off as kitchen machismo and culinary delusions of grandeur. No way. Nice try.Might be big, but not THAT big.  Besides, I'm generally a ravenous girl.  I haven't met a burrito, super or otherwise, I couldn't take in one sitting.I ordered two of them--a veggie for me and a carne asada to bring home to my man. The burrito man looked at me with an air of both surprise and respect.Then I looked at the price.  Nine bucks. For one burrito.Wow.Was it possible the burrito man was putting my money where his mouth was? Was I about to eat eighteen girthy inches of Mexican crow?I cancelled my super veggie burrito and had him make it a regular.  I decided to leave the carne asada as a super.  This was mainly out of curiosity.  It couldn't really be THAT big........could it?A few minutes later, burrito man slid my order through the window.  "This one's the regular veggie," he said, handing me a small bag with a normal-sized burrito inside.  "And this one," he said, lifting a huge foil-wrapped lofasz with two hands and what appeared to be a monumental degree of effort, "is the super.  Careful.  You got it?"I carefully loaded what was easily twenty inches and two pounds of semi-flaccid meat log into my vehicle and drove home.   ME:  Here's your burrito.  I went to that truck on First and International.HIM:  *looks at the enormous burrito* ME: ...HIM:  Is this some sort of a fucking joke?ME:  No.  It's a super.HIM:  You've got to be fucking kidding me.ME:  Eat it.HIM:  You first. *places burrito between legs and swings it back and forth like an elephant trunk* Men, like taco trucks, are a dime a dozen. But when you find one that serves up something as special as a two-footer...wel, that's something worth holding on to.Five stars for my man, four for the truck.
<review# 1989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2008,4/8/2009,5,31,11,17,16>This place is a labor of love.  And it is wonderful.  On an obsure corner in El Cerrito, CA, inside a non-descript small office building, there is an amazing world that attempts to recreate the magic and mystery of the great San Francisco Playland at Ocean Beach that closed in 1972.  Run by volunteers, these are folks who have not forgotten the importance of amusement parks in the lives of chlidren and families.  Dispensing doses of well-versed history on the topic with lots of humor and joy, the folks who run this place have done just about everything right.  From the old pinball machines to the various long lost penny arcade games, to the murals and the amazing 3-D dark room, the Santa's Village and By-Gone San Francisco cityscape, so much was done so well in small space with what must have been a very limited budget. Just thank you to those who made it possible, and the place is highly recommended for people of all ages.
<review# 1990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2009,4/7/2009,190,446,16,15,15>Bless you chicken burrito!  You saved me!Well, saved me from a lack-of-eating headache.  HTB has been a nice lunch place for me for a few years now.  They had places all around the bay area, but some have vanished.  Since I work in the area, I'm happy this one is here.3 things I get here depending upon budget: 1. Basic small chicken burrito with black beans2. YA-HOO BBQ with chicken3. GODZILLAI will sometimes add the "combo" and get the chips plus drink, but tend to reserve that for sharing.  These work for me, cause they love me.  I love them.  I have simple tastes, but usually know when food is low-buck.  HTB gives a pretty good value for the eats.  The chicken tastes like chicken.  The GODZILLA may put you in a coma it's so tasty and sizemic! The YA-HOO BBQ is the messy one.  Grab a handful of napkins. You've been warned.
<review# 1991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2008,4/6/2009,196,9,17,18,22>This store is my new addiction.I was brought there by a friend on one of my aimless shopping sprees. As soon as I stepped in this store, I found purpose. My ideal style of clothing which had been completely out of my price range at needless-markup or bloomies, or the outrageously expensive boutiques in the city, was validated at Pretty Penny. Sarah (the owner) spends time reading fashion magazines from Europe to make sure all the pieces she buys are always cutting edge.The prices make it possible to get an entire outfit from head to toe while the careful eye of Sarah and her staff are excellent at fitting their customers, watching for lines and cuts of clothing that are rare to find.Sarah and Tamar are a total delight to socialize with and love to see their customers trying on their prize finds. You can see the satisfaction in their faces of a job well done.Needless to say, the only reason I leave this store is when I've run out of arms to hold all the awesome clothing I've picked up.This store is a find, and will turn any non-vintage shopper, into a vintage lover.
<review# 1992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2008,4/5/2009,934,159,22,24,22>Gotta support local growers. No not those ones Lance! But I love my veggies and at a third of the normal supermarket cost. Seeing families on Saturday mornings in Vallejo is nice. People hate on this town but it's lovely to see all the community and families come out and mingle buy stuff and hear some music. There's also been this crazy drummer lady lately...she got skills. What happened to the guy that used to sell world music burned cd's? Did the feds nab him for that? Weak.  You want Balut? Come here...live crabs..oysters sometimes...kettle korn..some good hot links and bbq, all here..and even check out the vintage antique stores where I've been known to come up on some funky old records and your moms old crystal. It seems like I always run into people I know here, kinda like a hyphy Cheers episode. Anyways...peace to the sellers and fam at the VFM.
<review# 1993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2008,4/4/2009,455,1080,14,9,11>West Contra Costa is home to lots of things.REAL dive bars is one of them.  Sky Lounge definitely falls into this category with flair.Now I normally wouldn't classify a dive bar as one containing plasma screen TVs (4) but they even it up by having a trashtastic (and I mean that in the greatest way) and heavy pouring bartender as well as some ultra lecherous locals. I seriously witnessed one crusty old codger hit on a lady, get shot down and immediately move onto me only to get shot down again.  The bartender poured me something that can't possible be classified as a Long Island because it was more like a friggin' peninsula of endless liquor! Seriously. She added soda AFTER she had already reached the rim of the glass with all manners of clear booze. My drink was nearly colorless and made me choke.  It's consumption also necessitated the consumption of freshly ordered hot wings and pepperoni pizza from the local Round Table delivery.  It also made me fast friends with my coworkers entire family as I proceeded to overshare all the intimate details of my family life. (sigh) This is why I don't drink anymore! Of course, I don't drink any less either...
<review# 1994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2008,4/3/2009,258,599,15,16,15>Thank you Yelp.  I have been driving past this place for ages and thanks to the previous reviews, I decided to step in.  And I was not disappointed.This is not fancy Chinese food, this is more like Cantonese home cooking.  My parents would call a place like this a "faan tong" or cafeteria.  It's a place where my mom would take the family when she didn't feel like cooking.  The menu is a combination of items that are comfortable to American tastes like Sweet and Sour Pork to authentic stuff I could cook like Chinese Broccoli (Gai Lan) with Oyster Sauce and Scrambled Eggs with Barbecue Pork (Cha Siu).Tonight I ordered two things, Curry Chicken and the String Beans.  At most Chinese places, the curry is basically curry powder stir fried with water, sometimes that it is thickened with corn starch.  This is for expedience, since real curry is like a stew and can take a while to make.  Here they serve the powder plus water curry, but something is added to the curry, and it's good, it's not bland like other places that make curry in this method.  The string beans were damn near perfect.This place gets extra credit by calling Crab Rangoon by proper English name in the menu, "Crab Meat Cheese Puffs."  I really never understood why it's called Crab Rangoon; Rangoon is a city in Burma.  Burma is not China.
<review# 1995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2009,4/1/2009,191,328,25,22,18>Cha-vez!Cha-vez!Cha-vez!This place is the damn holy grail of awesomeness.  A sweeeet taqueria and a fabulous grocery all wrapped into one delicious package.Their plato de flautas brings tears to my eyes.Their al pastor will hypnotize you as it spins before you on its glorious, dripping rotisserie.Their carne asada (chopped right before your eyes) is truly a thing of beauty.When you've been sated at the taqueria, pop over to the grocery aisles and indulge in some pan dulce, or spicy mango candy.  They once had a sale on papayas here that almost killed me.  I ate a 6 pound papaya every day for a week.  They were $2 each! Now that I no longer work in Hayward, my lack of proximity to Chavez is one of the things I find myself mourning the most.Chavez rivals many of the bay area's taco trucks, in this gringo's humble opinion.  And they never once have made fun of my terrible Spanish.  At least not to my face.
<review# 1996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2009,3/31/2009,113,97,13,18,13>I was so nervous yesterday I thought I was going to puke multiple times through out the day. Obviously, I've never been divorced before. I emailed Marcel a few weeks earlier and asked him what I'd need to bring, if anything. I sent him all the necessary information in an email. All of our documents were prepared and ready to be signed when we arrived. It was pretty uncomfortable even being in the same room as my ex. Marcel made it a super speedy visit, while making sure he took the time to explain everything thoroughly so that I didn't feel rushed. His fees were the cheapest I found, and I looked around a while. He is taking care of everything from filing the papers to the final judgement. Painless, fast, cheap. The way a divorce should be.
<review# 1997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2009,3/30/2009,80,155,7,10,13>Amazing! Oakland gains greatly for the proud return of this historic theatre. Inside and out, the place is fantastic. Impressive. Glorious. And then some. When I first stepped inside, I felt the same breathless awe as when I first entered the nearby Paramount. As a guest of Tina Tamale's at a party here last Saturday, I was able to explore the magnificent building from top to bottom. The attention to detail is fabulous! The most memorable parts of the decor are the giant bejeweled statues on either side of the stage. They remind me of Indiana Jones. Al Green performed for us--he's still got it! He's better than ever, in fact. Just like the Fox! I was born long after the theatre closed, but my dad snuck into movies here by walking backwards through an exiting crowd. And now here I am over 30 years later partying it up with Al Green...The groove stands strong in Oakland! Welcome back, Fox!
<review# 1998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2009,3/29/2009,333,39,35,25,21>"So where are we going?" she asks as we turn onto lower Grand Ave, "There's not much open downtown on the weekend.""Oh, you know... this new spot.""Oh god, is this one of your yelp finds?""Possibly. What's wrong with that?" i teasingly respond. i already know her answer. "This is gonna be one of those dirty-ass shit holes that yelpers love to talk up, because they think that makes it all 'authentic', isn't it? Those geeks just eat that shit up... Oh by the way, my mom told me she started using yelp.""Really? Like writing reviews? Oh no, she's not gonna be on talk is she?!""No, just reading them.""OK, well tell her to give me some UFCs.""What's youeffsees?""Useful, Funny, Cool- those little buttons where you can vote on reviews. Oh, and sometimes yelpers like to rearrange it to F-U-C 'cause, you know, it almost spel-""GEEKS!"We pull up to Rico's Diner. "I knew it," she mutters."Well some of the places i've found have been pretty nice," I protest as we walk in. "What about Levende East. I found that on Yelp. Or Digs Bistro. Or Fringale. Or Mua. Or..." But it was too late. She was already rolling her eyes while brushing the previous patron's crumbs from our table with her bare hands. Of course, she wouldn't actually admit that despite the rock bottom prices, our eggs were light, fluffy, and perfectly cooked, the home fries were seasoned just right, and the corned beef hash was some of the best either of us have had in a long time. But we both knew. Oh yes, we knew.And for dessert? Sweet, sweet vindication.
<review# 1999,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/16/2009,3/28/2009,241,184,16,18,17>Weekend Happy Hour should be all i have to say.  1$ off martinis, margaritas, and beers.  $2 cabin fries, nachos, quesadillas, onion strings and so much more.  Don't forget the $3 burger and cabin fries combo.  The plates are large and leaves you satisfied.  The restaurant/bar reminds me of a lodge.  There's a fireplace and everything is made of wood.... if that doesn't scream lodgey then nothing does.   Drinks are a little sketch though.  When i asked for a martini all i got was half a martini glass filled.  WTF!  Don't jip me when it comes to alcohol!! But good food, good drinks, good friends, and good times!  If i'm in the area again, i'd like to come back
<review# 2000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2009,3/27/2009,537,103,6,13,15>I wanted to go to Fenton's in Piedmont, but my brother said Knudsen's in Castro Valley was just as good and about 15 minutes closer.There was plenty of parking in the back of the building.  We walked in and passed by the counters filled with candies and chocolates. It was a busy Saturday, despite the rain and relatively cool spring weather.  We were seated without any wait as the lunch crowd was thinning out.I started with the house special for $12.95, which was the crab sandwich with the beef vegetable soup (or salad).  I had the full crab sandwich, which was excellent and just the right size, not too big and not too small.  The soup was also warm and tasty, making it very satisfying on a cool, rainy day.Now that the meal was out of the way, it was time for dessert! We had been sitting with a clear view of the ice cream station and had been watching tall glasses of sundaes pass by us, teasing us with their large mounds of ice cream, with fudge or caramel dripping down the sides.I ordered a regular sundae with hot caramel for dessert. It consisted of 1 1/2 generous scoops of ice cream (pralines and cream for me) smothered with hot caramel, whip cream and flakes.  There was also extra caramel on the bottom of the glass to reward you when you finish the ice cream.Easy parking. No waiting. Fast, friendly service. Good food and an excellent dessert. Easily 5 stars and a return trip will be coming soon.
<review# 2001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2008,3/26/2009,896,1265,29,31,30>I am one week away from completing my 30 days for $30 package at Monkey Yoga Shala.  I would have waited until I finished the 30 days to update my review, but I have seen some serious results in just THREE WEEKS - and plus, the 30-day period ends right when my craziness at work jumps up to Mach 5 so I am taking this free moment to tell you about why I added that extra star.Amazing things that have happened in the past three weeks:- I can now do push-ups without putting my knees on the ground.- I can hold a handstand and a headstand (though I must be near  - thought not necessarily TOUCHING - a wall for confidence reasons).- I regained my splits on both sides.- I can get into a full backbend without batting an eye, most of the time.- My pants are looser and I went down a size in my shirts.- My posture is better.- No more back pain!- I have a gazillion times more energy.- According to my yoga buddy, I am beginning to get yoga booty (heeeyy!!).Thanks to the gentle (okay, sometimes no-so-gentle) proddings and encouragement of Laura, Tim, and Sacha, I'm becoming a yoga addict.  I've been going about four times a week, and I've gotten used to sweating so much that my towel is so drenched it's absolutely useless.  But I love it.  LOVE IT.  I love that this yoga studio is not as New Age-y as a few I've been to before, and that the yoga is really challenging.  Every day I go, I feel like I've achieved something after 90 minutes of down dogs and chaturangas.  Monkey Yoga is not for the weak.  Actually, Monkey Yoga takes the weak and pushes them to become a little more amazing than they were before they walked in.  Which is pretty badass if you ask me.And don't get me started on what yoga is doing to my arms.  Who wants tickets to the gun show?(I keed, I keed.)
<review# 2002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2008,3/24/2009,133,165,16,16,12>I love the Bowl.  You can actually find me and my screaming child here almost every single weekend.  But before shopping here there are a few things you should be aware of.  1. While there are paper and plastic grocery bags at the checkout, unless you like receiving glares and dirty looks from environmentally conscious shoppers and employees, bring your own re-usable shopping bag.  2.  If you are intent on parking in the parking lot, be prepared to wait a very long time for a space, be patient but also be aggressive.  Patrons will not politely wait for you to think and ponder before taking your respective spot.  They will take it while you ponder. 3.  Shop with purpose.  Know what you want and get it, this is not the place to casually peruse the aisles....at least not on the weekends or after 4 PM on weekdays.  You will get stampeded by carts and crowds.4.  Shop the produce.  This is what makes the Bowl so wonderful!  It has a fresh, unbelievable selection and its pretty affordable so take advantage.  5.  If you come on the weekend after 11AM, be prepared for the crowds, the lines and the non deodorant wearing patrons in crowded confined spaces.6.  People are friendly, talkative and outgoing here especially in the checkout line.  If casual conversation freaks you out, this is probably not the best place for you.  6.  You will be asked to sign several petitions going in and going out of the store.7.  Bad News: Young children usually hate the Bowl.  Good News: Nobody cares if your child screams at the top of his/her lungs, throws fruit at you or others and is just completely unruly.8.  The prepared soups in the deli section are crazy tasty, give them a try.9.  No shoes, no shirt, you can get service!10.  Do not park in the neighboring Walgreens lot, you will in fact get towed.
<review# 2003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2009,3/23/2009,192,96,16,21,19>I don't know why I haven't reviewed Easy Lounge before.  It have come here countless times over the past year and a half, and will continue to.  They play great music most nights, the drinks are stiff and delicious, and the patrons are friendly.Easy Lounge is my go to bar when I have good news, bad news, need a place to celebrate, need a place to drink my sorrows away, need to have an impromptu good-bye party for a friend, want to have a drink after work to forget about a long day, or want to dance the night away.I love the back patio on warm days, or Saturday afternoon Farmer's Market cocktails.  The bartenders create some seriously good seasonal cocktails, like kiwi-strawberry margarita's in the summer, and hot spiced cider on cold days in December.The service is usually reliable, although on some weekend nights they could use another bartender because the place can get packed, because it takes forever to get a drink.   I forgive and forget, and always come back for more.
<review# 2004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2008,3/22/2009,356,35,18,21,20>The Fatest Slices of Pizza known to man or WoManI love Fat Slice with a passion, even though they compete with their rivals, Blondie's, I still rather come to Fat Slice only because its way more crazier with of course the "FAT" in the word "SLICE".  They make everything fresh for you to eat right on the spot.The pizza usually costs around $3.00 or $3.50.  Around that price.  I suggest that if u haven't tried a pizza shop in Berkeley, you should stop here first to check it out.  The Pizza is unbelievable and it is so tempting to touch one of these puppies.Have a go at it and enjoy the Fatest Slice you will ever meet up too4 stars for The Fatty'
<review# 2005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2009,3/21/2009,716,387,8,9,10>Located on a corner of the Marina Supermarket shopping center. Interior of the location is nothing out of the ordinary but it was decent enough to catch some attention for some passer bys. I remember coming for a while to eat their buns that has some onion/garlic. Some reason I love the onion scent that came from it. (I love all foods that give you bad breath, I'm a total douch!) There were other savory items too like the ham and cheese buns, and the hot dog pastry. The hot dog pastry also had a lot of onion and maybe some strong garlic too. Not as good as Clover bakery's one [ yelp.com/biz/clover-bake… ]. What 'bout for those sweet tooth? My sister had bought me a slice of strawberry moose cake which was quite good. Though, I'm not huge  fan of a lot of cream the moose cake was decent considering that. However, I tried out a Pineapple Pastry which was really good. The pineapple puree wasn't too sweet from what you will normally expect from a pineapple. It was just right for my taste.This place is definitely good at the same time it can use a few improvement in their savory pastries. 4 Stars
<review# 2006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2008,3/19/2009,263,287,27,29,36>I have a girl-crush on Jenny Hurth.It's been close to a year now that I have been yearning for one of her bags. You know those vinyl banners that you see around town announcing museum exhibits and the like? Well, when those banners are discarded she takes them and transforms them into tote bags, book covers, hampers and portfolios.I'd been holding out until she added messenger bags to her line, but when my best friend asked me what I wanted for Christmas, I broke down and told him "Get me a tote bag from Jenny Hurth."Well, let me tell you...Jenny Hurth is what I like to call a "class act".  From what I understand from my friend, she personally emailed him the day after the order was submitted to discuss the colors and patterns she planned to use. She took his input and used it to create my one-of-a-kind bag:yelp.com/biz_photos/7aM0…He received the finished product in less than a week. Not only was it packaged in more recycled banners (yelp.com/biz_photos/7aM0…), but even the invoice was printed on re-used printer paper (yelp.com/biz_photos/7aM0…).Even the care instructions were re-used, stamped onto the reverse side of a Ritz Crackers box snippet (yelp.com/biz_photos/7aM0…).I've been sewing for 26 years so I can tell when something is well-made. In examining my tote I can see the attention to detail and the pride of workmanship.Forget Coach and Louis Vuitton...this is something I will be proud to carry anywhere I go.
<review# 2007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2008,3/18/2009,304,73,19,17,16>First off, let's get one thing straight - i'm a manly man, the type who doesn't think about what he ingests, one who welcomes even the most dangerous foods into his sacred bowels with great fervor.With that said, i just made this place my local late-nite eatery for those nights when i need to consume greasy meat capsules peppered with chunks of bacon - and what delicious meat capsules they serve here! Seriously, if i were a crackhead, or even an unmotivated street urchin, i'd save up the scrilla' i made panhandling to buy myself some of their cheese steaks.The service is typical 'Oakland-on-a-budget' fare, they're indifferent to your patronage, but they seem to warm up to you once you become a regular face. The prices are relatively cheap, making you appreciate the meal that much more. These sandwiches will satisfy your appetite for meat, cheese and mushrooms wrapped in bread, and will totally make hunger their bitch. Sure they could be bigger, but everything in moderation, right?
<review# 2008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2008,3/17/2009,331,587,22,15,15>La Farine is one of the only places I will dress down for.  I will actually wear sneakers and Lulumon's so I can walk here faster than you to ensure that I can buy the coveted morning buns, chocotinas, and sweet baguettes before the next yuppie, and bring them back to my man before he wakes up.  Just pray that I haven't nibbled them to nothing by the time I get back to his apartment.So when you see the ruthless, uncombed, gym attired girl in line, don't chat her up.  She's paranoid and probably assumes you are trying to cut in line.  And she hasn't had morning coffee yet.  Those pastries are just that good and your chit-chat isn't in the wee hours.
<review# 2009,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/3/2009,3/15/2009,338,1028,11,11,10>Like, Rachel H, this was my first experience with bahn mi.   Jackie V and I arrived a few minutes before Rachel H and her hubby and made a bee line for a booth.  We quickly realized, after Rachel H and her hubby arrived, that the booth was way too teeny for us.  Granted, we are giants (all 5'9''+) but we still usually fit in booths built for four.  We moved to a table and that turned out to be a much better fit.  I was tempted to order one of everything but finally settled on the chicken bahn mi.  For less than $5, I was worried that it would not sufficiently fill my tummy in preparation for an evening of karaoke, but it ended up being the perfect amount. It was also very tasty with crunchy fresh veggies and dipped in my mixture of plum sauce and sriracha. I like dipping things and appreciated the plum sauce and srirachi bottles readily available on each table with cute dishes to create your own ideal concoction. My friends did not seem impressed by the pho so I will probably just be back for the bahn mi.  This will definitely be on my list for potential midweek work lunches.
<review# 2010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2009,3/14/2009,270,66,14,18,20>This place is freakin' amazing!!!!!!This store has anything that you can possibly think of.  I mean harajuku knick knacks all over the place, little cute animal banks, generic Santa outfits, and Halloween masks sold year round! I'm soooo happy I discovered this store, this was such a great place to shop for Christmas.  I swear you can find the most random gifts in here.  Not only are there random stuff, but there are things that you really can use and are able to buy them for a cheap price here.  You can get your art and school supplies here, and even containers to help you organize your life for only $1.50.  How unbelievable is that???!!!   Five stars all the wayyyy for this place!!!
<review# 2011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2008,3/13/2009,37,31,20,20,21>Organic. Organic. Organic. Organic. Organic. Organic. Organic. Organic. Organic. Organic. Organic. Organic. Organic. Organic.I already liked this place. I don't give a flying f-word about "authentic" or what people in Berkeley or California is authentic. I care about good. Tasty, delicious, wonderful, mouth-watering, savory, awesome, good greatness.Cancun is... hella good.Might be my favorite nachos, but that's a mighty large honor to bestow just yet.The staff is always pleasant, their horchata is always freaking awesome. I've had the tacos, moles, burritos, all meated or meatless... This is the spot.
<review# 2012,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/19/2009,3/12/2009,424,1322,18,28,22>We started off my bachelorette with a dinner here in a private room. There were 9 of us and everything was pre-arranged except for the beverages. I want to say that I have done fondue at the Melting Pot and this place is good, but not nearly AS good as there, so I think this is why they are a 3 star as opposed to a 4 star restaurant. Our waitress was wonderful-with a great sense of humor and didn't seem to take a lot of or debauchery or many penis related jokes too seriously. She was disappointed that not a one of us ordered more than one cocktail though.I will talk about my experience...We all started with different salads. I had the Greek and it was really good. I liked that they serve the salad dressing on the side too. The croutons were of the boxed variety but the rest of it was in house. The next course was the cheese fondue course. We had the traditional Swiss with Ementhaler It was decent, but lacked a lot of flavor. It was served with a bowl of bread chunks and a bowl of mixed veggies (carrots, celery, cauliflower, broccoli, mushrooms), fruit(apples, grapes) and little cocktail onions and gerken pickles. The pickles with cheese=not so good. The rest was fine and I found I like the apples best.The dessert course was next and of course was the best. We had the Reese's peanut butter and chocolate, the Campfire (chocolate, marshmallow and graham cracker) and finally the Chocolate Confusion(dark, milk and white chocolates). Everyone was given their own plate of dipping stuff (brownie, pound cake, marshmallow, fruit, and my favorite-rice crispie treat). This by far was the best part of the meal and since none of us were quite full from the cheese fondue we all made up for it with the dessert fondue.I am really glad we went. The restaurant is pretty and the server was great and we had a fun time...I think most of that had to do with the company and the reason we were there celebrating!
<review# 2013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2009,3/11/2009,969,380,9,13,13>What makes Alice Waters' dishes so special is that she cooks with the freshest ingredients from local vendors who are as environmentally conscious as the famed chef herself. Whether you are sitting down for the one fixed-price menu that changes every night at the restaurant downstairs or choose from an array of a la carte at the cafe upstairs, you can taste the quality in every bite. The open kitchen in the restaurant downstairs lets you take a peek into the preparation process. The cafe is a more lively dining experience.  Even with my high expectations, I was still blown away.
<review# 2014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2009,3/10/2009,520,93,20,24,18>Ao......yeahh.....Sen......... (aww yeahh son)So Ive been eating alot of pho lately in the town and all around. I havent found a spot thats comparable to the "Ao Sen" yet. The other spots Ive tried either have too much MSG or not enough. Dont get me wrong though, I am a big MSG fan but It Is Possible to over do it. Also, Alot of places lack the beef flavor which is the most important thing of all. These days, I dont add anything to my pho broth. I'll admit, I use to back in the days but when great tasting pho like Ao Sen comes along, its a big No No. its that type of pho where theres no need to add or subtract anything. The beef broth speaks for itself. I personally, sometimes get offended when I bring in new folks to try the Ao sen and they right away add all that "crap" (hoisen, siracha, bean sprouts, etc..) Without even Tasting the Broth Yet. Its like an insult to me and the chef. Those are the type of people you leave at home. I like to taste it, not chase it.I used to get the number #1 all the time. Nowadays, its all about the beef ball/ flank/ brisket. Medium bowl, cause large is oh so big. And one Vietnamese Iced Coffee in a to-go cup. This isnt your ordinary Vietnamese Iced Coffee where you can get at any place. Its one of a kind here and has to be The Best Ive ever had. Swear to god.Basically, Go right ahead and choose any number/dish/bowl/platter you want. I guarantee you'll be walking out this place one satisfied customer. and a warning in advance, if you get the Vietnamese Iced Coffee Here. This aint no starbucks/ petes coffee Bullshit. This is grade A coffee. You'll be feeling "cracked out" all day and wont be able to sleep until 5 in the morning. Trust me on that.
<review# 2015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2008,3/9/2009,429,327,19,25,28>This man sells me apples here.  Not just any apples.  But Arkansas Black Apples.  Dark purplish, close to black on age.  Waxy skin, white flesh.  Tough to pierce.  But when you do!  Spills the cleanest scent, the most certain crunch of one delightfully sumptuous tart.  And it's round.  Not curvy, apple, round, but  O    r    b    round.  It's an heirloom.  And my favorite.Imagine my delight!  Wondrously stumbling on these Arkansas Black Apples, here, among the chubby baby limbs of Japanese Sweet Potatoes; decadently candy sweet Grape bundles; gleaming orderly Fuyus and Hachiyas; and creamy hand-made paper-wrapped Goat's Milk Soap.Just imagine.  orJust.      Go.
<review# 2016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2008,3/8/2009,107,131,20,21,20>I could probably dock this place a star for their lack of seating and refusal to upgrade the insanely slow registers they purchased in 1978, but I'm not a picky prick like that.The sandwiches? Big. And bomb. The cookies? I'll put it this way: I have yet to order less than six in a visit.The soup? OMG best garden veggie soup evar!!!!11Also, I like that the sandwich makers don't get too judgmental when you have a rather specific order. I enjoy a wide variety of food, but I can be choosy if you're going to let me custom-order. No cheese, no mayo and no mustard if we're gonna put avocado on it.Between Aroma and IBs, I'm walking Uptown for lunch twice-a-week these days.
<review# 2017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2008,3/7/2009,1105,914,26,22,26>Between lip syncing A Whole New World at my desk hoping no one walks by and exchanging broken hearted lyrics with a good friend, I suddenly have this urge to write this review.I don't know what it is about this place, but my decreasing appetite always leaves and I get hungry when I think about coming here. That, and whenever I see one of my pregnant coworkers. Is that weird? Walking hand in hand from the parking spot that was *clearly* mine and wondering if my car was going to get keyed, we stood in line for what I could only hope was going to be a culinary orgasmic experience. This doesn't mean that you should break up with your S.O. for a lifetime with fried chicken sandwiches--it is totally acceptable to have a threesome in this instance. Just make sure you set up ground rules first, that this is a one-time experience (maybe more if you're not the jealous type), and just as long as you only use hot sauce for the food you should be fine.Two seconds after paying for the food, it was handed to me and we went outside to enjoy the much sought after cuisine. Two frozen lemonades, two crispy fried chicken sandwiches, two cupcakes and a growing sense of guilt/bloat, we strolled back in line for some pie, because I knew my dad loves apple pie and I had a feeling that after the last two weekends of leaving without telling them where I was going (or calling the next day), they more than deserved the 25 dollars worth of delicious fruit-filled pastry. If newly broken men can enjoy these pies, then so can my parents. I would know, because I was the one who broke them.
<review# 2018,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/22/2009,3/6/2009,88,86,10,11,10>Sushi Groove is less about the sushi and more about the groove. This is the place that hipsters and yuppies go to unwind after work, and it just so happens to also serve sushi... and other asianesque appies. I went with three coolios from the office for happy hour last Friday night. The place was more like a lounge. Don't get me wrong: I enjoyed the methodically planned hipster pad with its artsy lighting and the dj spinning tunes in the corner. However, it made me want a drink more than it made me want sushi. I started with a Cape Cod. It was pretty to look at and pretty good to sip on, but nothing special. I tried again with a lemon drop and it was tart and had little bits of lemon pulp floating on the top. I liked it. I ordered their potato croquettes: which came out nice and crispy, but they were basically glorified hash browns served on an attractive plate. (The last I checked, croquettes are not Japanese, nor even Asian for that matter.) I liked their tempura asparagus roll. It's hard to go wrong with deep fried battered anything rolled up in rice and dipped in soy sauce with wasabi. Yum! I ordered wakami, but it never came. My friends had many things, but they talked allot about the beef lumpia- which isn't Japanese either. In fact, it is Filipino, which is at least near Asia. However, traditional lumpia is usually pork. Anyway, they liked it so much they ordered another plate of it. I would easily go here again to get my groove on with their $3 drinks, and unwind after work with friends. However, I probably would do it AFTER eating dinner someplace else.
<review# 2019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2009,3/5/2009,704,190,41,38,35>I'm about as "authentic Italian" as Sandra Oh's token lesbiAsian sidekick character in "Under The Tuscan Sun" was - which is to say, not at all. And I'm okay with that.Growing up, my experience with Italian food started with the infamous Filipino Spaghetti (loaded with sugar, cut up hot dog and Vienna Sausage "coins", and if my mom was feeling indulgent, cubes of SPAM) and ended with Shakey's pizza (utilizing ketchup as "tomato" sauce and baloney [bologna?] as topping).I freaked out the first time I ever experienced a Calzone (at the tender age of 20 ?!??). As I poked through the placenta-esque crust with two fingers, and watched the steam insidiously wafting up from the hole, I truly expected a tiny little grey, webbed fist to slowly reach up from the hole, trembling with life and malice. But it was really good... Basically like a little pizza fetus (a pitus) (a fezza?).Trattoria La Siciliana is a cute date place, even if your date is a man-stealing shameless dykeridge ho who's seduced, bedded and moved in with your dreamlover/rockstar boyfriend.But I digress.The food was remarkable in that they were pretty much as glamorous and authentic as they sounded. SIDENOTE: Sometimes, when I go to Italian restaurants, they hecka trick me into thinking the food is all exotic and whatnot. They're like, "Insalate di Cisarate" but then it's just Caesar Salad, or all, "Rotolo Primavera Di La Vietnamita" and it's just plain old Vietnamese Spring Rolls and I'm like "What!??? TRICKSIES!"The Minestrone di Casa is unlike Chef Boyardee's in that low-carbers can have this with little guilt, while enjoying a relatively healthy soup! The Zucchini al Burro was a perfect blend of softened buttery zucchini with a toasty compliment of seasoned bread crumbs. The Rigatoni Cosa Nostra was the right amount of creamy balancing the slight acidity, and a lot of food. Our waitress suggested one and a half portions to split, but we found that the one order was quite enough, especially with everything else AND the bread with the dipping oil.THE DIPPING OIL.The Dipping Oil, you guys. The Dipping Oil made me go into carb-overload on the free bread and feel sick and bloated for the next 24 hours. The Dipping Oil, with its minced garlic, sea salt, needles of rosemary, bites of hot pepper, and fragrant parsley and basil and probably 11 secret herbs and spices. It was AMAZING. I wanted to steal one from the shelves lining the walls all around the restaurant, but I stopped myself just in time. I'm not Italian, but while enjoying this amazing Dipping Oil, I did feel a little warm authentic Italian inside of me... If you know what I mean.Oh and to make this review USEFUL: This place is CASH ONLY.
<review# 2020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2009,3/4/2009,1315,471,15,19,20>Every Valentine's Day, I am taken to a fancy $$$$ restaurant.  I love fine dining and upscale establishments once in a while; it's a great experience, and I get to try dishes from all over the world that aren't quite prepared the same at other places.  But a girl like me appreciates the simple things in life, you know, a handwritten love note, a homemade meal, a desperate attempt to sing me a sweet love song, and endless laughter.  That would have made a perfect Valentine's night for me.  So when my date informed me of our reservations at a $$$$ joint, I dropped my head and pouted my most famous pout.  "I don't wanna go to a fancy place.  I wanna do something FUN", I whined."That IS fun," he insisted.  "I thought you like eating at nice places?""I do," I hesitated, "but we're gonna get all dressed up to eat in silence and go to some bar or lounge and get wasted or watch a boring movie and then that's it! Boriiing.""Okay then you plan Valentine's", he shrugged.Knowing that my chances of receiving a handwritten love note, a homemade meal, and a desperate attempt at a sweet love song was out of the question, I went in search for endless laughter.  To my luck, Tommy T's Comedy Club and Steakhouse was hosting the 23rd Annual Bay Area Black Comedy Competition and Festival (review to follow).  Tickets were only $27 each, and if you got there an hour after doors opened, their signature Steak dinner was only $19.99!  How's that for a steal?!We got there at 6pm, an hour before the show, since the lines outside tend to get long.  It looks like a mini theatre or Opera house inside, complete with a balcony lined with tables and a bar on both floors.  There wasn't a bad seat in the full house.  We didn't make it in time for the Steak Special, so the average dish was between $23-$36, very delicious, and served with a smile!  (We even got to meet Tommy!)Ole boy loved his steak, and kept mumbling about how it was so juicy on the inside and had a nice crisp all over.  I had the Prime Dip au jus and I ABBsolutely loved its light, crispy flat bread, slices of tender prime rib, and the sweet au jus dip!  I even treated myself to a Hot Fudge Sundae which was big enough for two!Abby A. planned a successful night!  No dressing fancy, good dinner, great show, saved ole boy $$, and laughed till I cried!  My mama always told me, "If you want something done right, do it yourself!"
<review# 2021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2008,3/3/2009,3049,2813,16,19,18>Picture me as a stringy-haired girl with a guitar...I haven't washed my hair in two weeks and shaved my pits since the first Bush administration...I'm standing at the microphone in my tattered overalls...The crowd is quiet....OK, here goes..."My name is LukaI live at Broadway and GrandI used to run an old hofbrauYes, I think you've seen me before If you get hungry late at nightSome kind of nosh, some kind of biteJust don't ask me what I gotJust don't ask me what I gotJust don't ask me what I got..."I think I serve the best burger in townI try not to burn them muchMaybe it's because I'm crazyI try not to act too proudI only make 'em until I cryAnd after that you don't ask whyI just don't argue anymoreI just don't argue anymoreI just don't argue anymore..."Man, I used to love Suzanne Vega's song, still do ...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZyxYL753w4. You just don't hear a name like Luka very often, and yet here it is in Oakland. The new owners took over the old Hofbrau...which in itself is a shame since there aren't enough hofbraus around here, dammit. Now I have to go to the LA Museum of Neon Art to see the old sign with the smiling German bartender pouring a brew from that spigot.But it is a small price to pay, I guess, since the $10 Luka's Burger and Fries is - dare I say it - one of the best bar burgers I've had in the Bay Area (see my photo). For a $1.50 more, I got some melted Gruyere cheese put on top. They don't advertise it as being Niman Ranch beef, but the meat was very fresh-tasting and perfectly done at medium rare. Why it was so good that I didn't mind being in an elbow-butting contest with the people sitting next to me.Given that it is a taproom after all, I tried one of their beers, a Belgian concoction called Delerium Tremens, $7 for eleven ounces. It's a golden ale, very tasty with a spicy kick. But don't go by me...there are at least twenty different ones on tap...go to town. Despite the crowded conditions at lunchtime, it's a friendly place with a dining area in the back and a large bar area with a lounge toward the side. It looks nothing like the Hofbrau, which come to think of it, may not be such a bad thing.FOOD - 5 stars...perhaps I hit it on a lucky day, but that burger was awfully good...AMBIANCE - 4 stars...hustling, bustling place...Oakland needs itSERVICE - 4 stars...friendly considering the crowdsTOTAL - 5 stars...must go back for that burger again
<review# 2022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2009,3/2/2009,636,190,24,24,24>"Dam...we need to break a $20 to catch the trans-bay before we are stranded in Oakland." Where do we go? The Serenader! As if drawn by the alluring powers of the Sirens, Theron and I make our way to this little dive bar close to Lake Merrit. Determined not to take a $50 cab ride home to SF and fueled by all the EtOH in our blood, we step up to the bar. "Two shots of Hennesy." Theron says. I try to hide the fact that I just threw up again in my mouth. Obviously this shot (it was more like 2 of them) will be taken ever so slowly. But what's this? A pool table. Do I dare? I put my quarters down and play the resident shark. He is good. And the game attracts practically every person in the bar to watch. I had a shot at a win, but faltered at the end. Great game...and considering the fact that my eyes were rolling back into my head, I didn't do too shabby. After some drunken dancing and some crazy drunk talk, we make our way out of the bar...but not before my drunk ass bumps hard into the side of the door. "Are you ok?" A rather hott patron asks. "Uhhh..I'm alright, how you doing?" *smile* So I peel myself off the door way and step into the cool night. Ps: 1. Great friendly neighborhood bar. I heard some bad stories about people feeling unwelcomed for some reason at this bar, but I felt fine. No hate from the totally mellow crowd. Everyone was just there to unwind after a long weekend. 2. Fast service....heavy handed bartender. I didn't finish my 3 ounces of poison, but still, that was a good pour. 3. Pool table was competitive. Playing people that are as good or better than you will keep you sharp and will force you to take more risks. I invited the shark to play in my tournament but doubt he will show. I would definitely come back on a Fri or Sat night and even suggested it as a DYL spot. Can't wait to take Michelle here soon.
<review# 2023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2008,3/1/2009,412,187,84,32,39>I fudge you not, there is a bacon wrapped hot dog guy in the east bay... and he can be accredited for my re-found faith.A few weeks ago, after returning from a somewhat lengthy and slightly harrowing trip... my biological mother (think a cross between Joan Crawford in Mommie Dearest and that nun who used to hit you in Catholic school) ordered all full grown siblings... their families and myself to attend mass to "give praise to the lord for the return of one of his sheep from heathen lands". So begrudgingly we all roll out to St. Joachim's to endure the Simon says like motions of stand up, sit down, peace be with you, smile at strangers, sit down CHURCH.... something I haven't done in years. I've actually gone to Mosque more times than mass in the 21st century.ANYWAYS, after sampling the body and blood of Christ (3 starts, too holier than thou)... my newly cleansed yet highly skeptical soul was hungry.  Exiting the church was more transcendental than inside the place, because what doth thou see in the distance but.... A BACON WRAPPED HOT DOG CART! asdjksdljafa;rawiejfweio8! At 1st,  was wondering if  we would be kneeling at the thrown of a golden calf, or golden fried pork product to be more precise.. but it was the real deal HallelujaH! As a family, my siblings and I ate about 8, and basked in the saintly glow of bacon wrapped ecstacy. The prodigal daughter has come back... lured by God's messenger from distant lands, and his array of accoutrements (jalapenos, grilled onions etc). And now he has disciples! The Prophet of Corn slathered in mayo and cheese.  The wandering sope man. David of those orange pinwheel chips that you douse in tapatio and lime.  Angels sang and it was like magical baby Jesus on his holy baby unicorn came down from heaven to restore my faith in well.... faith... or at least extra porky tube steak. PRAISE THE LORDMy mother is glad that now I frequent mass with the rest of the family. She recently asked me if I've found Jesus......Yes, why yes I have, but you have to call him "Hay-soos" and he's sitting outside the church right now.
<review# 2024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2008,2/28/2009,432,287,110,69,71>Hot Hetero Hapa Boba Boy With Great Hair: Hi, what'll you have?Me: [OMG! OMG! OMG!] Lemme see...HHHBBWGH: No prob.Me: [You know what I have? A woody!] How about a honey green tea?HHHBBWGH: What size?Me: [Don't take this the wrong way, but I want to rip all your clothes off!] Just the regular size, please.HHHBBWGH: Do you want any tapioca?Me: [Put your dick in my mouth!] Yeah, the large tapioca.HHHBBWGH: Sorry, but we had a power outage so we only have small tapioca balls, is that cool?Me: [Don't say it! Don't say it! Don't say it!] Oh sure, I'll have your small balls.HHHBBWGH: ....Me: I mean, pearls. Small PEARLS. Tapioca.Though the honey green tea was a bit too sweet, and the small balls were too soft, I still place Tapioca Express above Quickly in the chain boba store category. Plus, they were nice enough to give me a coupon for a free snack since I had to suck tiny barely legal balls through a girthy straw -- must've assumed I'm a size queen -- so I'll return for the free wifi, the many board games on hand, their deliciously crispy 387531639121 calorie popcorn chicken, and large hapa balls. I mean, the bigger they are the firmer they should be. Right? YAHTZEE!
<review# 2025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2009,2/27/2009,69,191,14,13,10>Just a reminder to all my fellow-Nation's fans... FEBRUARY's pie-of-the-month is Cherry Creme.  Seriously, I wait all year 'round for this event... and cruelly enough, February is the shortest month!  So, grab yourself a loved one and share a slice of their Cherry Creme pie....  mmmmmmmmmnnnn!  But make sure there is at least one slice left when you go, 'cuz I can get pretty grouchy if my mouth is all set and... well, you know!
<review# 2026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2008,2/26/2009,190,181,15,15,17>Generally when I hear the words Berkeley and Vegetarian, pretentious and hippie follow close behind. Elegant and welcoming are not usually something I equate to these words, but that's just what you find at Herbivore.In a building I know only as the Fine Arts (it's plastered along the front) resides this classy little joint, not too formal or informal. The tile and metal facade, with the glass upsidedown lily lamps and full bar make for a very relaxing atmosphere. The friendly and patient manner of the waitstaff are also a boon, especially when a member of your party has the habit of being indecisive.While I am a carnivore through and through, I'm accustomed to making some concessions for my girlfriend's more discerning taste (see also: picky.) My girlfriend and I, joined with our friend Angelo, had different goals. I simply wanted a taste of something I wouldn't regret, my girlfriend a filling meal, and Angelo wanted something that would not make him miss meat. We all got what we wanted. Sharing the large portions of my girlfriend's falafel and salad, I had a crisp and fresh snack to mull over. My girlfriend had more than enough to fill her belly, and Angelo couldn't tell the chicken was imitation (the words "wow, is this real chicken?" actually escaped his lips.) While not a convert to a new diet, I certainly know where to take the less meat orient of my friends and family next time they come around. And the prices are reasonable enough that I can pick up the tab.And really, isn't that all anyone wants?
<review# 2027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2009,2/25/2009,244,1164,16,17,16>Hmm....hmm.....I'm in love with Ranch 99.  Been wanting to go for ages and finally convinced my hon of hons husband to go this weekend.  When we entered I was a little daunted since there was a scrum of Asian ladies between the produce section and the noodle section, but I quickly figured out it was because the fresh noodles, tofu etc. were just being stocked, so we sidled over to the produce area.  I generally try to shop locally at farmer's markets but couldn't resist the ginger, garlic, lemons, bok choy, beans, cukes and oranges at such amazing prices.  When we finally made it over to the noodle section I was in LOVE LOVE LOVE.  I bought several packages of fresh made noodles and won ton wrappers.  Sadly, I wanted some flavored tofu, and it was made with msg and a lot of preservatives, so we passed that up.On to the butcher counter.  I haven't seen so many different types and cuts of pork since I shopped at Lucky Pork Store on Mission Street.  We ended up with some fresh made ground pork - but said no to the pork blood.  I kept going up and down the aisles and was in heaven at the condiment aisle.  So many kinds of soy sauce, cooking sauces, rice vinegar, oils.  It was crazy and I bought a ton of stuff.  Next to the fish counter.  OK, we pussied out and didn't buy one of the hundreds of fresh dungeness crab because we both hate cooking live crab (yes, I KNOW it's the best but we're pussies, OK?).  Tons of amazing fish and shell fish, but a lot of it was farmed and I only want to purchase local fish.  Many more aisles - tofu, dumplings, pork buns, mochi, dried seaweed were some of our purchases. We had a blast and didn't even spend that much money since everything was so much cheaper than places where we usually buy Asian spices and cooking sauces.One downside - I forgot to bring in my paper bags and they packed everything in plastic bags, which I don't really like.   Service was quick and pleasant.Last night's dinner was fresh ground pork with ginger, garlic and long beans over fresh egg noodles, followed by mochi for desert.  Amazing!Oh wait - the music.  When we arrived they were playing 50's oldies - "Tell Sarah I love Her", "Danny Boy" and some other gems.  We were laughing our heads off.
<review# 2028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2009,2/24/2009,714,2047,11,15,17>I came here with a friend the other night before checking out a movie at the Parkway Theater.  My friend had never eaten Ethiopian food before (!), so it was kind of cool and pressure packed to recommend something she would hopefully like.As far as Ethiopian restaurants go, Enssaro's food is better than most.  I had my typical vegetarian sampler, and I was impressed by the freshness of the food and the size of the portions.  My friend liked her beef (or lamb?) dish, which also had hearty portions.It's not the fanciest restaurant, but the service is excellent.  I try not to be too demanding, but I usually blow through injera pretty fast at Ethiopian restaurants.  Enssaro gives you plenty to start with, and the servers all pitch in to make sure you don't run out.The prices are also reasonable.  The chairs could be more comfortable, and the drop ceiling makes the place look kind of temporary, but all I really care about is food and especially injera, so this place gets four and maybe eventually five stars.
<review# 2029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2008,2/23/2009,449,368,23,23,25>The poor little city of Hayward doesn't necessarily conjure up the finest of images amongst the masses. Just a simple search on Yelp will yield threads and reviews mocking the very mere mention of Hayward, as if every day were open season. Yes, I admit. Hayward is far from the urban utopia everyone dreams about, but it certainly doesn't deserve the bad reputation it has been garnering.In the attempts to improve its bad name, the city officials have been working hard to spruce up the downtown area, and one of the main cornerstones is this here Century Theaters at Cinema Place. Yes, it is just a movie theater, but this formula has worked before, as similarly sized cities such as San Mateo and Redwood City have reaped in the dividends, with their downtowns being fully revitalized, and the definite go-to spots for locals. If all goes well for Hayward, a similar effect will happen here too.You see, movie theaters aren't just movie theaters. Before and after the show, the droves of patrons will need places to eat, drink, shop, etc. Gone are the days when people just drive to their local cinemas, and then hop back in their vehicles immediately after. It's more of a daylong excursion nowadays, or at least the entire evening.The first step in accomplishing this is of course, the centerpiece theater itself, and now that this piece is in place, it's nowhere but up from here. The wildly popular club/lounge Bijou (yelp.com/biz/bijou-resta…) across the street was undoubtedly concocted with this in mind, and future plans in the immediate vicinity call for a couple of coffee shops (Peet's, Saxby's), a "fro-yo" cafe called Zuckersuss, and likely another night spot. A triple decker parking garage has already been erected to handle the anticipated influx of traffic. The area already has been home to fine cuisine from practically every corner of the globe. Wakamatsu, Japanese (yelp.com/biz/wakamatsu-h…) ; Favorite, Indian (yelp.com/biz/favorite-in… indian); and Buon Appetito, Italian (yelp.com/biz/buon-appeti… apetito) have all been hotspots for awhile now. It's just that no one other than the locals knew about them.As for the theater itself, it is far from the largest I have been to (only 12 screens as opposed to Union City's 25), but the actual rooms have the widest aisles and roomiest seats I have witnessed. No need to worry about the kids behind you kicking you for two hours, or you accidentally doing your best Freddie Adu impression on the dude's noggin in front of you when crossing your legs. Furthermore, for those concerned about security, the boys in blue certainly make their presence felt, with no less than three officers posted on site each evening I have been by. Will Hayward ever elevate itself into the elite status of cities in the Bay Area? Probably not, but it certainly doesn't appreciate being the bastard stepchild getting stomped on. Hopefully, with this new chapter, it will no longer have to endure this unwarranted ridicule.By the way, if any of you have the chance, check out "Rock 'n Rolla" in the theaters before it's gone! Just as in the movie, in some areas, real estate is still a hot ticket even in this down economy, especially in downtown Hayward! And in case you were wondering... why yes, I am the Real Rock 'n Rolla!
<review# 2030,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/6/2009,2/22/2009,261,512,7,11,10>Tonight I celebrated my first night back in the bay area after two full weeks visiting family in Sacramento. Instead of going to the usual Naan N Curry standard when seeking out something resembling Indian food, we ventured outside our comfort zone and ended up at Khana Peena.First, the atmosphere is fantastic. The outdoor seating area looks great (for spring and summer... not for the middle of january) and the inside is just as nice. They even have this odd rotunda in the middle with many...explicit drawings. Yes, let's call them that. There's a few pictures of them (not posted by me). Take a look.Anyway, the service was fantastic with prompt seating and ordering. They don't have a very large beer/wine selection and they were out of IPA that evening, but the mugs were chilled and it wasn't bad. We got two orders of veggie samosas, an order of chicken tikka masala, mango lamb curry, chicken saag (the spinach and chicken and spices that only I really seem to like) and two orders of naan for three people. Yes, we were pigs, what can I say. But at least we have leftovers.The samosas were larger than usual and wonderfully flavorful. The tikka masala was better than many places. The sauce was flavorful without an overpowering sweetness and the chicken was cooked perfectly (not overdone). The chicken and spinach was well spiced (at least, I thought so) and though I love lamb, it was not too my liking. Though it was still tender, I find lamb becomes far too gamey if cooked at all past medium rare. The naan was hot and soft with a slight crisp. Mmm delicious.At the end, it barely looked like we made a dent in our meal and there are enough leftovers (including rice) in the fridge for all three of us to have a hearty lunch tomorrow. The total (including one beer each) came to about $26 per person (including tax and tip). A bit pricey for Indian food, but not terrible considering we had great service and lunch the next day.I will be back. But I must knock them down one star because really--how the hell do you run out of IPA?
<review# 2031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2008,2/21/2009,301,844,17,19,20>After two false starts trying to come here, I finally made it, and I'm incredibly glad that I did. Angeline's is the first restaurant to earn my 5-star rating since I re-calibrated. (These days, a place has to be more than just good; it's gotta knock my socks off!)Having proven my status as a "grown-up" (legally, if not always behaviorally) by eating dessert nearby first, I came in with Angelo F. for some light noshing. Our server, Piper, however, should not be allowed near any 12-Step programs as she is a consummate enabler. Not only did she coax us both into ordering full dinners, but even though both of us were on self-imposed detox, her cute wink and fun conversation was enough to entice us both to try the beer. Or maybe it was the way she rolled her shoulders in time with the mixed blues & Cajun music (a fun remix of "Iko Iko" by the Belle Stars, in this case!), in order to give us excellent recommendations. My mixed grill was a great way to sample the southern fare. The ribs were juicy, smoky, and all-around delicious. The hot link, much like the cabbage, was initially mild to the point of disappointment, but just as I was thinking that a mere kielbasa would be stronger, the finish snuck up like a Nawlins' footpad and smacked me upside the head with enough heat to send me gulping for my beer. The hush puppies are a must-try also--savory and satisfying.The décor is dark, weathered wood, wrought-iron, and warm, reddish lighting. All-in-all, I got the strong impression that traditional New Orleans would look, feel, sound, and taste very much like this delightful spot. The fact that this sensory Mardi Gras is mere steps from Downtown Berkeley BART, rather than 2500 miles away, makes it a new favorite!
<review# 2032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2009,2/20/2009,658,593,23,31,30>After seeing the picture of Curt's sashimi bi bim bap, I was determined to try it A.S.A.P! After ICI and a little shopping was done at Bay Street, we came here for dinner. It was a clean restaurant compared to a lot of the city's Korean spots. There was probably just another table or two in there but by the time we were done, the place was super busy.The menu was like any Korean restaurant menus. Got the different pancakes, meat items where you can cook at your table or have it cooked, appetizers, BI BIM BAPS! So I already knew I was going to be ordering the sashimi bi bim bap and then we also had an order of the seafood pancake. The waitress brought over a steamed egg thing, on the house, and it was sizzling. Good but watery. Then our pancake came. The thing was goood. Very crispy on the outside and not eggy like some of the pancakes I've had elsewhere. It was filled with squid and other seafood items. Then she brings over the little plate/bowls of the snack dishes and it literally filled the table. Then, it was our bi bim bap! MmMmM freshly cut cubes of hamachi and tuna, seared on the outside encrusted with some peppers. The weird thing was, I usually eat bi bim baps with rice IN the bowl and then mix it. But they gave us two bowls of rice on the side and then the toppings in a bowl by itself. Maybe cuz we were sharing it but it was weird. I felt like I was eating a salad instead of bi bim bap which is what I should be eating.. SOOO being the smart-ass that he is, Curt suggested we just pour our bowls of rice in it and make it a REAL style bi bim bap. Everything tasted wonderful but the hamachi/tuna had a little bit TOO much pepper on it. I felt like I was choking on a ball of peppercorn a couple times. But all in all, this meal was amazing and I can't wait to come try their kalbi, bulgogi, etc!
<review# 2033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2009,2/19/2009,354,2769,9,15,13>NEW Ramen & Roll in North Fremont is Good.  I hope they can get lots of business so I'm telling everyone on Yelp to try it.It's next to Vietnamese Delights (Vietnamese sandwiches, pho place) in North Fremont, in the Lucky's shopping center off Fremont Blvd North exit.It's only been open since 1/30/09 so it needs customers.  I heard Mandarin being spoken so it might be Chinese owned.  Ramen is a good value.  Huge portions and pretty good.   We ordered way too much, but then we have leftovers for tomorrow.  Noodles aren't made in house if that's important to you.We got:Fresh clam ramen w/ miso broth $8.95 - You can pick the noodle: ramen, soba, or udon.  You can also pick the broth: miso, lite soy, or clear base.  Huge bowl of ramen w/ spinach, bamboo shoot, corn, bean sprout, green onion, seaweed & egg.  The egg is a fried egg.  Fresh clams is in another small bowl that you can add to the bigger bowl.  Clams were good.Unagi ramen $8.95 - I picked ramen noodle w/ miso broth.  Unagi is served on the side, small piece but with the huge bowl of ramen very filling.  I said no bean sprouts and none was given.  I didn't care for the fried egg, I'll ask if I can have hard boiled next time.We also got: Fresh scallop hand roll - creamy $3.95 - Hubby liked it fine.I picked Spicy Salmon Hand Roll $3.95 - it was ok.  Baked oyster (w/ house special sauce) $1.95 - we got one each.  House special sauce is too sweet making the oyster not tasty.  Will skip next time.FREE pickled cucumbers w/ a small slab of cold tofu - nice.  I enjoyed them all.FREE dessert: tiny bit of ice cream (choice of chocolate, strawberry, or ginger) w/ fried banana & whipped cream.  I liked the ginger ice cream, not the other stuff.  Strawberry ice cream isn't bad.Our total w/ 15% off too was under $30.  We were happy about the 15% off, that was sweet.One unisex bathroom - looks like they didn't do anything to the bathroom, sink needs fixing since the water kept running.  Toilet looks old.CASH ONLY!Hrs:Closed SunM-Sat 11-9
<review# 2034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2008,2/18/2009,389,574,22,18,24>Hubby:  Where'd ya get the cheese?Me:  A great cheese shop in Montclair.Hubby:  Don't tell me how much.  I'll just assume you billed your client today.Me:  Uh huh.Later....Hubby:  These cheeses are really good.  Me:  Uh huh.And still later....Hubby:  I really like those cheeses you got.  Me:  *smiles and thinks someday...maybe on our side of the tunnel*
<review# 2035,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/1/2008,2/17/2009,252,388,31,27,24>De-boned Fried Chicken. YUM. I LOVE fried chicken. And then they go and de-bone it, what could be better? Everything is great once you sit down, great atmosphere, great service, great spot looking out on the bay. So why only 3 stars you ask. They let people throw their peanut shells on the floor. I have many, many problems with this. Most of which involve cleanliness, open toed shoes, and feeling like I am squishing beetles when walking to and from the table.
<review# 2036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2009,2/16/2009,726,863,27,28,25>I'm still a little buzzed from my competitively-priced glasses of rose bubbles, I'm still a little stuck in a food coma from my Niman Ranch burger with oven-baked* potato wedges, and I'm still feeling a little warm and fuzzy from how nice and attentive the servers were...even on opening night. As such, I cannot write a review that does this place justice. Maybe you can for me after you try the place yourself. (Also, get a phone number too).*That's right. OVEN-BAKED. I can have potatoes with my burger but not break the "no deep fried food" rule. Loves. (They have frites too though, if you care. And you probably do.)They were out of the PEIs by the time I got there. I will certainly try those next time.
<review# 2037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2009,2/15/2009,184,198,22,18,18>OH NO- do NOT go here!  Forget everything i said before!  Avoid it like the plague; this theater sucks!(Well, not really, it is actually awesomeness incarnate - the perfect combination of food, film and inebrients, but the last 2 times I've come, they've been either sold out or not had 2 seats together for the movie I wanted to see)  So STAY AWAY!  I MEAN YOU!  Those yummy buffalo wings are really fattening!  And the popcorn's so good you'll eat way too much!  You'll just lol around on the couch, stuffing yourself and watching great movies, and THEN where will you be?!? Huh?!Go to the crap UA Shattuck, or the ridiculously over-crowded AMC where you have to pay for parking - but GET OUT OF MY THEATER!!  I"M WATCHING YOU!!!  I WILL make you regret it...
<review# 2038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2008,2/14/2009,319,125,22,11,13>There are enough Koreans in San Leandro to warrant this great K-sauna? I have the softest skin. You don't believe me, bitch? Come feel my forearm if you doubt. Touch anything else and I'll pull my King's gym training on your ass. I warrant it to the "Jeeng-gook unni" that takes off all my dirt, dead skin, and trash off my epidermis. The attached restaurant is good if you request, "no salt added." I highly recommend the kimchee-jiggae.What more can I say? This review seems paltry for all I reap from their services. Can my sparseness be attributed to today's visit which left me feeling "weak in the knees I can hardly" yelp?
<review# 2039,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/31/2009,2/13/2009,388,232,9,8,8>I was an avid fan of Fenton's when I first moved to the East Bay back in nursing school.  The ice cream was delish even on my broke college student budget... I guess part of eating at Fenton's was about the nostalgia... I noticed many high school students eating at Fenton's and it kind of reminded me of what Mel's Drive In on Geary was to highschool students in San Francisco (like Sacred Heart and Saint Ignatius) when I was growing up...So now that I live near Piedmont Avenue, I decided to walk over there and try out food items on their dinner menu.We ordered the Crab Salad sandwich and Fried Shrimp Po' Boys for dinner.  First of we thought the "chips" on the side were going to be fried potatoes of some sort, so we were definitely disappointed when we were served Ruffles chips or something...  When I raised the Crab sandwich to my mouth my nose was bombarded by some fishy smell which I definitely did not enjoy... I've had crab sandwiches at seafood shacks time and time again and I've never encountered one that smelled like that.  The shrimp Po Boys were bland but better than the crab. At the end of the night the tab came out to about $40+ and we were still hungry but at least happy that now we will never be curious about what's to eat at Fenton's for dinner again.  We will definitely return for their ice cream snacks but not entree food.The three pluses of the night would have to be:(1) We only waited 10 minutes to be seated(2) We had a nice table that was far from the crowds of people(3) I brought a bottle of Jack Daniels and spiked my coke beverage
<review# 2040,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/22/2009,2/11/2009,311,170,29,16,17>It's hard not to love a good mystery even if you can't solve it.  I had a curious one while waiting for my lunch special (to go) at this particular Extreme Pizza.  After just placing my order with the friendly young man cashier/pizza maker,  a girl about the same age as the cashier walked in behind me and said to the cashier "Hi!  Are you guys busy?"  She was dressed to the sexy kitten nines (but business garb if you can picture it) in 5 inch heeled pumps, fancy stockings and fancy mini-dress and short coat.  I'm thinking to myself "She's definitely single and looking for a guy and not going to have any problems finding several dozen who would all be interested."So, I figure the cashier and girl must know each other since they seem fairly friendly and said an enthusiastic "Hello" to each other when I turned around to fill up my fountain drink.  This is where the mystery starts.  I turn around and both the cashier and the sex kitten are gone.  They weren't outside the front of the restaurant and they weren't in the pizza oven/prep area where another pizzarista was clearly preparing my "slice" which was actually two generous slices of sausage and mushroom pizza.I thought maybe the cashier went somewhere to prepare my salad, but where did the sexy kitten go?  It only took me less then a minute to fill my soda, although the root beer option on the fountain shook like it was possessed and distributed too much syrup and not enough soda.  Still where did the kitten and the cashier go? Weird.I kind of pace around for about 7 minutes reading the pizzeria's menu impressed with the selection of specialty pizzas and subs.  Finally, the kitten reappears from the back of the kitchen area with the cashier right behind her.  Both were laughing and smiling and the cashier was retying his apron around his waist.Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.  Then the kitten placed her order.So, I am intrigued.  Did kitten and the cashier go back and hold sexual congress in the back pantry?  Or did she just go back to a back bathroom while the cashier made my salad somewhere in the back?  There definitely was a miscommunication from the cashier to the pizzarista since the pizzarista made me a salad while an identical one was sitting by the cashier's area.  The pizzarista insisted I take the salad he just made so I cheerfully took that since there was no mystery there.The sexual congress solution was the more appealing one to me so I left Extreme Pizza with a silly smile on my face.Food:  3.5 stars.  The crust was nice and crispy but the sausage reminded me too much of what you find on frozen pizzas although it did have a good kick to it.  Salad was fresh and fine.Ambiance:  3 stars.  They also need to fix the soda fountain machine.  It rattled and rolled when I tried to pour my root beer.  Hmmm...waitaminute....Service:  4 stars for the entertainment factor.  Good for a quickie or a quick lunch!
<review# 2041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2009,2/10/2009,1948,4780,20,30,29>3.5 Stars (Rounded Up)Gayle and I came here last Saturday to see Vicki Christina Barcelona.  We probably should have seen this movie earlier, but we both lead busy  and sometimes complicated lives.  We also were here during bargain matinee time, so the first run - second run dynamic wasn't as severe.  However, it's nowhere near the deal my folks back in Iowa get at a place that offers a 50 Cent special for probably third run movies.I really like small neighbourhood theatres, and it's always fun to stroll in the Elmwood before and after the movie.  The theatre itself has a nice Art Deco design (including box office out front), good coffee, friendly staff, and at least on the men's side the nicest and cleanest restrooms I have seen in a very long time.We got one of the smaller screens upstairs which although a little funky, was significantly better that our experience yesterday at the Cine Arts in Pleasant Hill.  Gayle would tell you that I'm biased towards this side of the tunnel, since I live in this "gritty" part of the East Bay.The movie itself was great.  We both thought that this was the best American film we had seen Penelope Cruz.  We also enjoyed Javier Bardem and quickly got over our previous "No Country for Old Men" image and haircut.  Gayle also thought that the movie was a very accurate depiction of 2 young women in Spain.
<review# 2042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2008,2/8/2009,298,127,33,23,23>Simply said, this place is sweet.I was a little let down to start with. With a name like "nude sushi" I was expecting a naked girl with sushi covering her naughty bits. Sadly this is not the case. I went with my lady friend to the actual location expecting a leggy blond covered in salmon a la Samantha Jones only to find the doors locked and a sign informing patrons that they are delivery only.So, we went to my apartment, a.k.a. "The Chateau" and hoped on the website to order online. Roughly thirty minutes later a teenage black girl was at my door delivering my food. She has successfully shattered all food delivery person stereotypes I have ever developed.The sushi was very good, the portions large, and the price damn decent. I was quite pleased with the service and food.Haiku !Sushi rolls and wiiSamantha Jones role play time!Sushi for the winTalent Level ? The talent, like the sushi, needs to be ordered in advance.
<review# 2043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2009,2/7/2009,1429,411,29,29,34>If there are two things i love in life, it's cheap candy and free tours. Wouldn't you know it? The Jelly Belly Factory has both.Two bags of loose Sunkist Jellies, Two bags of Santa Claus Sour Gummies, and two bags of Smoothie flavored Jelly Bellys... FOUR BUCKS. $4. Four Freakin Dollars... What a steal...A little warning, if you go during a holiday or weekend it can get packed, but come on... IT'S FREE FUN!  This place has a ton of stuff to take pictures with... tons of things to look at and gawk over... CANDY, CANDY, AND MORE CANDY! Just a great place to visit for ABSOLUTELY FREE. 5 Stars.
<review# 2044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2008,2/6/2009,43,141,42,21,34>My mom is not your typical mom. I grew up calling my mom by her first name. My mother has always refused to wear her wedding ring (a solid jade band that she picked out) proclaiming that it messes with her working creatively with unobstructed hands. She has a difficult time remembering the exact date that my twin and I were born (drug free-La Maz can work!) and never remembers her anniversary.I remember when I was in the first grade and parent teacher conferences were going on I, being ridiculously anxious at age 7, asked my mom if she had met my teacher that afternoon. She responded, "Yes. And I wore a bathing suit." I actually believed her and almost fainted. My mom would take me and my brothers to bars growing up and when I later pointed out how inappropriate this was, even in 1985, her response was, "I always made sure that whoever was driving wasn't drinking."The last straw came a few months ago. I shared a picture of myself with the members of one of my cooking groups of me and my mom together at a wedding when I was 4-years old. Someone immediately asked if we were on our way to a Stevie Nicks concert. Yes-we were both wearing outfits that she had sewn, her cleavage is plentiful, her long red hair is free flowing, and there's plenty of dark eye makeup to last us both a year.You would think that with that kind of childhood I would be in therapy.Nope. I just take her to the Alley for her birthday. Besides being within walking distance of my flat, I love that the Alley says no-no-no to credit cards, makes their cocktails perfectly stiff, is a fireman's nightmare as the walls are adorned with business cards, and I always have that I'm accepted feeling when I'm there. The best nights to go are Friday and Saturday when Rob Dibble's there. On my mom's birthday we had no problem finding seats at his piano with all of the regulars. I don't perform but love to sing along to all of the old show tunes and classics. The highlight of our night there was when Rob Dibble accompanied my mom to her naughty rendition of that ole' dirty southern blues song, Miss Liza's Keyhole. The song has numerous sexual references in it (ie: your key don't fit in my keyhole, etc.) and she was quite the hit that night. Mr. Dibble is an incredibly talented man who knows what key to play and can follow even the worst of singers.Instead of cringing as I usually did when growing up and faced with many of my mom's antics, I cheered her on and yelled, "That's my mom! Yeah-that's right-she wasn't on the PTA, she threatened to kick our teacher's asses when they crossed her, she drunkenly rolled down a hill  when trying to pee when we were all waiting to watch fireworks on the 4th of July in 1989, and she once accidentally pissed her pants in front of one of one of my boyfriends! ANYONE HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THAT???"Really. Who needs therapy when one can get a perfectly mixed stiff cocktail, in excellent company, within walking distance of their residence?P.S.-Rob Dibble runs Lake Merritt daily at about 6:30pm. Oftentimes I find myself humming Patsy Cline songs when we cross paths.....
<review# 2045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2008,2/4/2009,112,49,24,15,24>After reading so many reviews of Val's Burger, I craved one sooo bad. A big meaty 1 pounder with tomatoes, lettuce, pickles, and cheese *(Shudders and drools)*. Everyday I thought about this burger until I couldn't take it anymore. I absolutely MUST have this burger. I don't like to go eat out by myself. So I had to think of a tactical plan to get my bf to drive all the way to Castro Valley (he doesn't like to drive anywhere far). On Friday night I asked the hunny, "You want to go hiking tomorrow? It's going to be sunny." His replied, "Where at?". The closest park to Val's Burger is Lake Chabot. So I said, "How about Lake Chabot? We never been there before." The bf agreed and fell into my plan. YES! I know for a fact that he gets super hungry after a long hike. Saturday comes and I invited a couple of other people and off we went. All the while we were hiking, I couldn't stop thinking about that gosh-darn burger. My stomach grumbled. After hiking several miles, we were all hungry. Let's go eat!  When we got to Val's, we had to wait for an agonizing hour. I waited a week for this burger and now I had to stand there inches away outside looking though the glass window at others devour it into their mouth. When we were finally in and I got my 1 pounder Papa burger in front of me, I thanked the lord for that moment. Good wholesome tender meat with big chunky fries and a banana shake on the side. I am in HEAVEN. The nice waitress was shocked to see a skinny girl like me finished off the burger. Well, what can I say? I love me my meaty burgers.
<review# 2046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2008,2/3/2009,673,373,19,20,19>Feeling Hot Hot Hotyoutube.com/watch?v=_x5C…Yes!!!  The weather is hot, my body temp is hot, and a lot of hot heads are on the road today causing accidents on the freeway.So, today I decided to check out this place...may be it will help cool my head before I get back on the freeway again.  Reviewed by my Yelp favorites and knowing that they don't disappoint me, so here I am.What I didn't know is that this place is a Self Serve Yogurt place.  Well, it is my first time...I do not want to look stupid so I acted cool by scoping the place...checking where the hell is the instruction on how to do this...yay! saw it!!! Ok...get a cup, which I did....then pick flavored yogurt ...Cobber recommended the blueberry one and so I did...topping???? I had a hard time deciding so I have to KEEP IT SIMPLE...got some sugar free granola and lots of fresh blueberries and then it's weighed (39 cents per oz..is not bad at all)... total cost for me:  $3.25Have it to go...too many teeny boppers hanging out here today. And I have to be on the road...The yogurt that I've prepared myself (wink*) tasted sooo good (Thanks Cobber)...Whoa!!! It really help me keep my "cool" on the way home.  Looking at the thermometer in my car that the outside temp is 88 degrees; It feels like I am in a Winter Wonderland inside...I wish those Guys in the vehicle next to me is having this yogurt ...coz they sure look Hot!!!
<review# 2047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2009,2/2/2009,380,441,28,33,34>we stumbled across this place while walking back from the bars to our cars. i had the chili cheese fries and they were downright awesome. granted, i had the munchies, but still...the group members that had a chili cheese dog and a burger were also satisfied. decent prices, and open very late. the service was a bit slow, but at least you know it's made fresh. you basically order at a booth in a parking lot. they have a few tables outside, but it's basically a drive-thru. this place definitely brings out an interesting crowd at 2am, but everyone was just there to get their grub on.
<review# 2048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2008,2/1/2009,1211,478,41,40,40>I got a message from the carrot cake ladies telling me to give them a call.  I have been without carrot cake for so long already (yelp.com/biz/newark-farm…) and I quickly called back thinking the carrot cake ladies have decided that Los Angeles wasn't the way to go and have decided to return back to the Bay Area.And no, but they have collaborated with Black and White Bakery and have brought my carrot cake back.  I was ecstatic and told them I'll be there right away to go reunite with my love (since Clay Aiken has chosen another path in life).The carrot cake was still as moist and delicious as I remembered, with other goodies in the bakery such as Josie's delicious corn bread!  That has got to be my absolute favorite and I never found corn bread too memorable, but Josie's were.So whomever didn't get a chance to try it before, it is back at Black&White.  And what's best is that..I don't have to wait for my cake every Sunday (as I used to wait when Deanie and Happi were at the weekly Farmer's Market), which might turn out to be a bad thing.Josie and her family are really remarkable hard workers, who strike to put out the best product, their generosity and patience shows in their work.
<review# 2049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2008,1/30/2009,219,290,38,39,37>You know what? Sometimes I need a quickie. One that will work me out HARD, make me sweat, make my heart beat fast and give me total satisfaction in a short amount of time. When I get in this mood, I head out to the El Cerrito Memorial Grove. Located right next to the El Cerrito Recycling Center, it's a straight up hill hike. The kind of incline where you can't stand up straight. Once you reach the peak, you will be rewarded with 180 degree view of the SF Bay.  Then it's straight downhill for part of the hill and if you are in the know, you will make left into the trees and wind down the hill until it drops you back to the original trail where you will continue straight downhill. It's a good half hour workout that will leave you panting and wanting more. So, like I said, if you want a quickie....
<review# 2050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2008,1/29/2009,3446,131,24,39,35>Well Yelp, we have a dilemma! We need to have ten stars so that I can rate this place correctly!!! I love the foods of Spain and this place has those key ingredients that are really hard to find. Key spices like the smoked paprika, Saffron, sea salts, Sofrito and olive oil from Spain and Portugal. If you like Tapas and enjoy making them at home, there are plenty of items to add to your offerings. They feature plenty of Spanish, Portuguese wines as well as bubbly  Cavas/champagnes and desert wines!Plenty of cookware here from Spain, Portugal and Morocco! They also have cookies, candies and the famous toasted almonds from Spain!As many reviews mentioned, they have the free world supply of Paella pans ranging in size, coating and durability. Well worth  the trip to just learn the differences.The sheep, goat and cow cheeses are rare and hard to find. The selection of Serrano Ham expands and contracts as they get shipments in and the word gets out that new packages are in stock. One of my favorites is the canned tuna that is just awesome.The one thing that I can only find here are the Piquillo peppers which are imported, fresh and just delicious. Ten stars for making these products available!!! And Ten more for a knowledgeable and super friendly staff!!!
<review# 2051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2008,1/28/2009,373,248,38,44,43>a couple of weeks ago, I was feeling terribly blue.  It was the second anniversary of the death of someone very near and dear to me and I was so sad.  I moped.I cried.I wanted my mommy.I wanted comfort.Nothing is more comforting to me than a fine piece of chocolate.  Since I had heard amazing things about Chocolatier Blue, I decided to make my mopey way to this sweet, simple little shop.The design is spare and sparse.  As you walk in, you might be underwhelmed but just give it a chance. . .the love that he didn't put into design, he pours into his chocolates.  There is a counter with cake stands and glass covers.  Each stand holds a different flavor. . .when a flavor sells out, it's gone for the day. . .these candies are absurdly fresh.  I lucked out and all pieces of candy were available so I got one of each.  What?  They're small and the hole in my heart is large. . .I needed lots of chocolate to fill it.  Ahem.I am a milk chocolate girl. . . and his caramel is the best caramel I have ever had.  The caramel itself is impossibly smooth and creamy.  The milk chocolate shell is so delicate. . .it's a marvel. .. Being as I am such a devotee to milk chocolate, I almost did not get his best piece of chocolate, the Palet d'or. . .again, that crackly, thin whisper of chocolate shell with a bittersweet ganache that is smooth as silk.  AMAZING.  I never, ever thought that I would pick a bittersweet chocolate over a milk chocolate piece but in my mind, this perfect square of chocolate represents everything that this very talented chocolatier is doing.  Other flavors included peanut butter and jelly, pistachio (my 3rd favorite!), lime, yuzu (incredibly peppery and citrusy at the same time), espresso, raspberry, passion fruit caramel and hazelnut.  All were well crafted and delicious.I could not stop thinking about the caramel and the Palet d'Or so I returned.  This time the chocolatier himself was manning the store.  I felt guilty for pulling him away from his work but he was happy to box up my selections - they were out of caramels for the day but I refrained from bursting into tears and composed myself enough to order a couple of Palet  d'Or.   As I commented on the complexity of the Japanese Yuzu flavor he told me that it was the last day for that flavor (so I got one of those, too.  . you know . . . to say "good-bye" and what not).  He said he would start offering his fall collection. .. roasted pumpkin, egg nog, etc.  That all was going to be available starting the 25th of October.  . .so you know what the means. .. . well, I HAVE TO go back. . . R&D is extremely important in my line of work.  No, really.  I can't really comment on the price as I didn't really notice what the per piece price was but these chocolates are so fine, that can't really quibble about the price.  . . they are worth it.Chocolatier Blue has redefined what is means to feel blue. . . .now it's a very happy connotation.
<review# 2052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2008,1/26/2009,372,150,22,24,26>$1 Sunday?  Oh HELLA to the yes!  This is the perfect out of the city activity even if you're broke.-$1 entrance - check-$1 program - check-$1 hot dogs - check-$1 beer - check-Football on TV - checkWhat else could a girl want?  Seriously now?The racetracks are an easy Bart ride to North Berkeley, where a free shuttle takes you to the park (or a $10 cab ride if you're lazy like me). There, you can bet like a beginner and go for the horse with the coolest name (Canadian Princess, anyone?)  or you can call the whole race if you can recognize a winner by his physics (!)  I won about $7 and that paid for half the hot dogs i had. Perfect.So ladies, grab a bright oversized hat and your stack of one dolla bills and start placing your bets on the best stallion out there!  Merde!
<review# 2053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2008,1/25/2009,2,7,17,17,17>I'm used to plopping down 30 bucks for new jeans once a year at Ye Olde Navy, so this place was a bit of a culture shock for me. Why on earth would anyone willingly subject themselves to the torture that is finding nice affordable jeans that fit? Turns out it doesn't have to be so bad, and can even be fun.When you first enter the jeans dungeon downstairs, you're greeted with a small cramped room with stacks of jeans from floor to ceiling seemingly haphazardly organized and strewn about. However, you quickly realize that you are in the hands of a jeans master. The woman looked me up and down, guessed my size, and asked me a few questions about what I was interested in. "Umm.. something dark that makes my butt look good that isn't skinny legged?" Before I knew it she was pulling jeans out left and right from the different piles and spewing all kinds of jean jargon I had been previously unfamiliar with. Also she was convinced that I should try man jeans (I was way skeptical on that one!) and that really, really tight was ok because they would stretch out. After I would parade my latest pair in front of her, her eagle eye was quick to spot the pros and cons and it was back to the piles to find the perfect pairs.For those complaining about the mess and less than fancy atmosphere, I don't remember anyone telling Einstein "oh hey great work on that theory of relativity thing, but please clean your desk because you're a disgrace to physics with all that paper clutter." When geniuses are afoot, you let them roam free in the environment best suited to their talents! If I leave satisfied with really good purchases, who cares whether I had to step over jeans on the floor?I ended up walking out with two pairs, feeling like a superstar. Well the superstar of the jean dungeon. Now several weeks later I can confirm that yes, bootylicious girls can wear man jeans and yes, they do stretch out with just a few wears. I've never looked better in jeans and I can't wait to go back for more!
<review# 2054,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/1/2008,1/24/2009,723,405,26,18,22>WASPy Asian Girl Say:One star for every dollahEach cupcake costMakeah me hollah...!When I was in third grade, my family dentist said I needed sealants on my second molars... My parents did not object to this preventative measure.Oh: my sweet tooth!In high school, I was devastated to learn that those highly-recommended sealants had leaked, resulting in several occlusal (on the chewing surface) cavities.  Grumbling, my parents paid for ucky amalgam [metal] fillings.Ohhh!  My sweet tooth!When I started working in dental offices, I paid to have those old fillings removed, and replaced them with composite fillings and ceramic inlays (think custom-made "puzzle pieces") at $900 a pop, and I couldn't be happier.Oh... my sweet tooth...!Today, after binging at the Bay Street Sephora, I was drawn by Yelperosity into this little bake shop.  I paid three dollars for a mediocre petite red velvet cupcake with cream cheese frosting.  Doh!!!  My Sweet Tooth!A wayward, decorative sugar bauble caught me unawares... I bit down, wincing at the thought of fracturing my darling inlays.OOOHHH!  My Sweet... TOOTH!  I am ruined forever: Doughboys in LA is THE STANDARD for Red Velvet Cupcakes with Cream Cheese Frosting.  They are $4.50 each, and I've never finished one by myself; not for lack of trying, mind you.  Even in a very ambitious state... two people might... be able to polish ONE off.  Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... My!  Sweet... Tooth!
<review# 2055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2009,1/23/2009,80,171,12,17,18>I stopped here after a quick Borders run, and ordered the Mediterranean meatballs over rice with two sides - spicy red potato salad and baba ghanoush - to go.I got home and was pleasantly surprised.  I got three pretty good sized meatballs in a zesty sauce over rice.  The meatballs and sauce had a nice spicy kick to them which I wasn't expecting, but is always welcomed since I like hot and spicy!  The spicy red potato salad was made with a lemon juice as opposed to mayo based.  Tangy treat!  And the baba ghanoush was the best I've had in awhile.  I ordered a piece baklava for dessert and I'll update later.  =)The only thing I was not too fond of was that they charge $0.50 to use your card.
<review# 2056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2008,1/22/2009,191,328,15,21,19>They just don't make them like the Grand Lake Theater anymore.  In a world where the formula for historic cinemas is to dissect them like a frog in a high school science class (case in point, the one glorious Piedmont Theater), the Grand Lake has resisted being chopped into 20 tiny theaters and has still maintained its fantastic charm.Sure, there are a few smaller theaters in addition to the 2 large screens, but even those have been made to feel like they've always been there.  The Egyptian-themed theater was always one of my favorites as a kid, and you can still sit in the balcony.  Yes, a BALCONY.The real gem of the place is of course the main theater - the fabulous Wurlitzer organ on the weekends, 5000 pound red velvet curtains, uplighting galore, and fabulous architecture that will transport you clear back to 1926 when the theater originally opened.  Standing under the marquee at night will have the same effect, as the colored lightbulbs flash and buzz over your head.The dead giveaway that this theater has firmly taken its place in the 21st century are the uber-left-wing political tirades that are lovingly placed and constantly updated on the rightmost panel of the marquee.  Like Mike Z., I'm interested to see what they'll be coming up with now that Obama has been elected.  The main deciding factor to rent our apartment was the fact that we have a clear view of the amazing Grand Lake Theater sign as it cycles through its burst of fireworks on weekend nights.  They really don't make them like they used to.Plus...free popcorn Monday through Thursday!
<review# 2057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2008,1/20/2009,24,21,5,13,8>We just had our wedding here, and we were so happy with everything about the place.  The setting is gorgeous - the perfect solution to staying local, but still having a natural outdoors location.  We were lucky enough to hit the one sunny warm week in February, so we got married under the redwoods in the amphitheatre area, but with those big windows, there is still a beautiful natural setting if your ceremony is inside.  The staff was easy to work with, in fact no one asked me a thing the whole day - perfect for a bride.  And they let me use the little teahouse to get my dress on.  We were on a super tight budget, and since this is a city building it is such a good deal for something so classy and beautiful.  I hear its hard to book, but we had a weekday wedding and only booked three months out.
<review# 2058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2008,1/19/2009,266,276,11,17,15>La Pinata is a great mexican restaurant.  Usually there are people waiting outside the corner of this restaurant waiting to be seated.  This time around on a Saturday evening it wasn't so (christmas weekend).  Our wait took about 10 minutes.  Not bad per se.The place seems to be bustling with people eating and waiters roaming about with drinks and plates in hand.  I can already tell this is a favorite spot for the Alameda peeps.I ordered the chicken enchiladas.  Came with two, with rice and beans.  I opted for black beans instead.  The rice was delicioso as were the beans and enchiladas.  I wasn't able to finish my meal but damn it tasted good the next day.My friends ordered the famoso burrito and let me tell you these were the most monstrous looking burritos I have ever seen in my life!  I swear it looked like it weighed at least 5lbs.  You can definitely split this with someone else if you're not that hungry but will be great the day after as well.I'll have to come back and check out the rest of their menu and margaritas (i didn't have one).  Their extensive drink menu seemed pretty good as well as their selection of tequilas!
<review# 2059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2009,1/18/2009,300,251,13,16,17>The Trappist is always incredibly crowded, which is great for them, and not so great for me or anyone else who'd like to go there. I've never been there when it wasn't packed tightly with beer lovin' fools.The beer here is worth standing up for, and if you manage to score a table or a seat at the bar, it's icing.When I'm there I have a huge beergasm. Every single beer I've ever tried here was amazing, except for one that tasted like hominy. I didn't like that one. I don't remember what it was called but the bartender said it was a limited edition so they probably don't have it anymore.Each beer has its own identity here, and comes with its own personalized glass designed to optimize its delicate aromas and flavors. Very special.If you don't actually want beer and you would prefer to have juice, try the Raspberry Iambic. This beer would be excellent with a peanut butter sandwich and carrot sticks for lunch or with cereal and milk at breakfast time.
<review# 2060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2008,1/16/2009,80,83,24,21,20>Man!!! This is tasty greasy-licous....Actually it's not all that greasy...but it is kinda.  I like this place and it's better than The Cheesesteak Shop...bleh...You can get a Cheesesteak with Provolone Mushrooms Bacon and fries for like 7.95 which isn't bad.  Dont buy a drink there - small can Arizona's for like 1.50 (or more) - when you can run across the street while your waiting and get a tall can Arizona Grapeade for the *correct price of $ .99 to finish off this meal. mm mmm...wait no... nom nom nom (hahah had to use it at least once)*Sidebar...don't you HATE when it's clearly labeled .99 but some stores be tryna charge you hella much extra...I will get ghetto and fight you over this!!!   If you don't eat much like me...find someone to share it with cause it's a good amount of food..plus if you give someone half...your eating half the calories and fat that you would have.  A few small tables to sit down if you wanna eat there...but eh...it can get hot from that grill and all that tasty fry fyin' goin on...Try it...if you like The Cheesesteak Shop I guarantee you'll like this better.Oh and the owners are hella nice...I like them ;-)
<review# 2061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2008,1/15/2009,655,721,19,17,17>how can you make chili cheese fries better?offer it with a nacho cheese sauce alternative for only 10 cents more than the regular!static.px.yelp.com/photo…heyyyy!!! I got waaaaay too ekchited and ate two orders.static.px.yelp.com/photo…( | )
<review# 2062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2008,1/14/2009,564,188,20,19,23>This Gordo and I go way, waaay back.  They were my introduction to Mexican food that wasn't Taco Bell back when I was in middle school, and I've been hooked since!My favorite things about Gordo:-They've stayed consistently good over the years.-They've barely raised their prices in the past 10 years.-There's a big, jolly, mustached man who looks like Jose Ole and used to have my order memorized.-When I want a snack, their taco's the perfect size.-When I'm really hungry, their regular burrito hits the spot.-When I'm feeling gluttonous, I order a quesidilla, which, at Gordo, is pretty much a regular burrito that got totally FRIED.-When I'm feeling EXTRA gluttonous, I order a SUPER burrito.-And for Mexican plate lovers, you can get a heaping plate of beans, rice, and your choice of meats, plus salsa and four tortillas for just $4.90.  Super deal!Oh, and the best part: Their number is 528-TACO.  Mmmmhmmm, TACO.  Their number is saved in my cellphone, but I never look it up; I'm far too amused from dialing 528-TACO.  You're gonna wanna remember that number because their lunch and dinner rush lines can get pretty gnarly.  Oh, and I totally used to be Friendster friends with Gordo back in the day when Friendster was actually popular.  I think I still am, actually.
<review# 2063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2009,1/13/2009,67,45,8,11,13>What a unexpected gem! Yes the location is a bit random, but as with most things the true treasures lie within.I came here looking for  crystals for wire wrap jewelry, some good metaphysical refrence books on crystals as well as herbs, and possibly a new tarot deck. I found all but the tarot deck. They do have a large selection of tarot decks... I just didn't happen to find one that suited my fancy.The owner is a very mellow, knowledgable and helpful woman. This shop reflects the breadth of her metaphysical/life knowledge! Angel Light carries books on just about every metaphysical subject; Angels, Herbs, Divination Systems, Feng Shui, Crystals, Meditation, Cooking, Wicca, the list goes on. There is a special focus on angels with everything from figurines to angel card decks and posters available. The crystal selection was small but nice. I think I'm definitly going to have to find a good rock shop for my needs however. When I was ringing up my purchases the owner pulled out a basket of crystals and had me pull one out. I pulled Rhodonite which she explained signified a comming unblockage of obstacles in my love life, and the healing of old wounds with harmony emerging...We'll see! :)I will have to come back another time as when I got here the shop was about to close. The owner said something about a garden in the back where you can drink tea and relax. Sounds enchanting!
<review# 2064,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2008,1/12/2009,832,283,151,76,80>TSADA: Do you have saffron? LUCKY LADY: Saffron? T: Yes, saffron. LL: What's that? T: It's a spice. And yes, I checked in the spice section. I couldn't find it. LL: Are you sure it's a spice? T: Yes. Either a spice or an herb--I'm not sure. Actually, technically it's a stamen. LL: A stamen? T: Yes, a stamen. LL: What's a stamen? T: It's part of a crocus. LL: What's a crocus? T: It's a flower. Kind of like a tulip. LL: Oh, I like tulips. Those are hecka pretty! T: 'Kay. So saffron is the stamen of the crocus. LL: Stamen? T: *sigh* Yes, the stamen. It's part of the plant used for pollination. It's long and it sticks out, you know, for fertilization. It's kind of like a penis, if you will. A plant penis. LL: *crooky eye* Um, I'm pretty sure we don't have THAT kind of thing at Lucky. T: Are you sure?  It's really not as exotic as it sounds. Can you ask your manager? LL: Okay. *yells loudly across the store* HEY, MR.  ______!  DO WE HAVE PLANT PENIS? T: "Saffron". LL: Sorry.  DO WE HAVE "SAFFRON"? MR. _______: Spice aisle. Bottom shelf. LL: He says it's on the spice aisle. Here, I'll show you. T: Sorry, I thought I looked everywhere on this aisle. LL: No, here it is! *produces tiny bottle of saffron*  SAFFRON!T: Oh, great! Thank you so much! LL: *studying saffron* Well, well, what do you know! Plant  penis!T: Yes. It's quite aromatic and delicious. LL: *gasps*  $17.99????!!!!! For plant penis? T: Yes, I know, it's really expensive. The plant penises are hand-plucked. Very labor intensive. LL:  $17.99????T:  You don't need much.  You add it to water before you put it in your recipe.LL: Shoot. For $17.99 it'd better turn into some MEAT when you add that water. I like this Lucky because it's big and it has shit other Luckys don't carry, like saffron and the 72 oz. party size Stouffer's mac and cheese. Mmm...Stouffer's.
<review# 2065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2008,1/10/2009,241,184,22,13,14>I am not in the best shape of my life.  In fact, I am far from it, but i do have the ability to run for long periods of time and probably at a quicker pace than most people.  I came here with memories of steep hills and serene surroundings.  As a high school cross country runner, I remember the course like i had been running it my whole life.  And what I remember is that the course isn't very friendly, in other words the hills are steep.  So I came here last Friday with Mauricio M. for our weekly run.  He said he knew a course so I was all game.  We began jogging at a mild pace and were having a conversation, then he tells me "OK this is the hill"  I'm like ok, let's do it!!  This begins our trek up the hill.  HOLY CRAP, this hill was long and very steep.  My legs were burning, my stomach churning, lungs gasping for the last bit of air i could get.  We get about half way through and Mauricio stops to walk, which cues me to walk as well.  I was done.  I thought i was going to die.  My bowels wanted to empty like a dead corpse.  I was lightheaded and had the urge to vomit.  It was every great feeling you could have all at once.  Once we finished walking up the hill of death and walked down the path a bit, i was okay to start jogging again.  After that i was fine, tired, but fine.  As we went along the path we passed by a swimming pool, an area for horses, beautfiul scenery from the Oakland hills.  This is what i remembered when coming to this location and it's what makes this place so great.  You can enjoy (or dread) a great workout and still have the benefits of gorgeous surroundings.  However, the fact that i almost emptied my bowels because of a hill makes this place lose 1 star.  And apparently, i'm really out of shape.
<review# 2066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2008,1/9/2009,356,35,18,24,19>I Came here on a cold sunny day to experience the words that i heard about this place about how excellent Kefa Coffee was.I didn't really know what to expect since the place was a hidden little cut thats on the way to the freeway so i had to check it out.So i walk in and right when i step into this kefa atmosphere, i get greeted with a smile and a "HOW ARE YOU" which i really loved.  Right away i knew this lady was no joke, she was so nice.  Alright, so i ordered the regular chai and i would have to say i loved it because it wasnt to sweet nor bitter but it was just right.She made the drink pretty fast by the way.Overall, the atmosphere of this place is very "GREAT" and I'd say that i would come here againIn fact, Everything about Kefa Coffee is incredible, its irresistable and I just love the customer service5 Stars...MY NEW NAME FOR THIS PLACE WOULD BE KEFACAFE
<review# 2067,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/10/2008,1/7/2009,192,96,24,26,24>This quickly is tiny, so don't come here looking for a place to chill out.  I had already ordered my Jasmine Milk tea from a place around the corner, but felt the Crispy Popcorn chicken calling my name.  It was really good, as usual.  I keep trying to figure out the spicing on these.  Is it white pepper that gives it that special flavor?  Let a girl know.Anyways, we got our chicken, and then saw they had a special Durian flavored slushy.  I have never tried durian before, and thought it might be a good way to taste it.  The lady was shocked and amazed that I ordered it, but was very sweet.  She offered to let me smell it before I paid, but I was committed to tasting it.I brought it home, and tried it, and it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be, but I won't be ordering these on the regular.  It smelled like gasoline, which freaked me out a little bit.  I really appreciated her kindness, especially because it was obvious I was totally naive in my ordering.  Otherwise, this is a totally unremarkable location.
<review# 2068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2008,1/6/2009,218,202,10,15,13>We finally made it back after nearly 6 months of dreaming of the food here, dying to know what the saba (mackerel) tasted like, and wanting another slice of that deliciously delicate tamago (sweet egg omlette).We started off with a wakame salad and tako salad, the wakame with cucumber and seaweed, the tako with slices of octopus sliced on the bias and cucumber, both dressed with the same mouth-happy sesame dressing. The tako was not rubbery by any means but very tender, with a slightly sweet n' briny flavor. I think Jolly Roger wanted to drink the dressing.I was so curious about both the saba and the Bateira pressed sushi (since we got saba, I chose the samon version) I had to order it, and I was not disappointed. Like only a few restaurants where I can close my eyes and blindly pick anything on the menu and never be disappointed, Sushi Sho delivered. The saba was rich with fish-oil but not fishy by any means, and not oversaturated with vinegar. The pressed sushi was pleasing to watch him assemble, the marinated sweet/sour kombu on top and the shrimp powder in the middle visually interesting and adding different layers of taste to each bite. He instructed us on how to get the best flavor by taking the first one sans soy sauce, the second with just a slight amount in one corner, etc. The rest of the meal was of course superb. Each piece of sushi was just the right size so you can put he whole thing in your mouth, and still be able to chew, and taste without being obscene or feeling like you have to swallow half of it unchewed. The rice is perfectly seasoned and held together so it gives you enough time to transport it to your mouth before separating.AKI-SAN KNOWS AND UNDERSTANDS UMAMI.
<review# 2069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2008,1/4/2009,178,338,12,12,12>Wood Tavern is a contemporary neighborhood restaurant that serves an American Bistro style menu.  The decor is elegant yet simple, they have three seating areas to choose from, tables, bar, and chefs seating.  We wanted to live a little vicariously so we sat around the bar, plus the restaurant was packed so we had no choice :)The simplicity of the menu is what makes Wood Tavern a delightful eatery.  We started with a  Roasted Beet-Fuyu Persimmon Salad, and  Sauteed Brussels Sprout salad, paired with a bottle of 2006 Paey Chardonnay.I've never has a Sauteed Brussels Sprout salad, the Almond Butter dressing really brought the flavor in the salad.  At the same time, the Beet salad was just as delightful with the shaved persimmons and pistachios.For dinner we had the Sauteed Blue Nose Sea Bass, Pan Roasted Chicken, and Grilled Double Cut Pork Chop.  All three dishes were just spectacular.  The flavor combination with the sea bass and fennel yukon puree was really amazing.  I've never had a more flavorful dish until now.  The roast chicken with fingerling potatoes, and spinach was equally flavorful, the chicken was cooked perfectly.  The real winner was the Pork Chop, the Marsala cream sauce was heavenly.  The wild mushroom, and mustard greens complemented the dish equally.After such a wonderful dinner, we ordered desert.  Again, the desert menu is simple and we chose the warm chocolate cake with hazelnut ice cream with a Tawny Port.  The warm chocolate cake sealed the evening, as it was just delectable. Overall Wood Tavern is truly one of the most memorable dinning experiences I've had in quite sometime.  The simplicity of the menu makes this a great choice for dining.If you're wondering about service, the 5 stars speaks for itself :)
<review# 2070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2008,1/3/2009,330,444,16,23,23>Very nice spot for breakfast right near the corner of San Pablo and Gilman.  A little bit punk, a little bit yuppie, a little bit hippie and so at home in Berkeley.  I gravitate toward details like their landscaping and back patio furniture.  Great Patio!Inside, the decor is a little random, and those copper tables are chilly in the winter!  But at least they are not greasy.  Books, magazines and newspapers are stocked in a basket by the window. You can chill here for a while.  There was no wait when we arrived, but it was brunch time.I think the couple that owns Meal Ticket are cool, I got chatted up by the "queen bee" my first visit, and I remember her fondly.  This last Sunday I got the cornmeal pancakes that comes with a nice helping of fruit on top, and a side green salad.  I just felt like having greens, you know?  The salad wasn't that great, but it met my needs- But  the pancakes were frikkin bomb!!  I want the recipe.  My date had three eggs, toast, and potatoes.  All of his food, especially the way the eggs were prepared, raised the bar for the cooks at Picante, where we go a lot for breakfast; they do eggs pretty well.  (Can't top their Mexican coffee, though.)  For everything we ordered, the total came to about $23.00.  I think that's fair.  I'm all about living wages!The quality of the food at Meal Ticket seems a bit above average, and has a nice personalized touch.  I look forward to sharing more meals with friends here.
<review# 2071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2008,1/2/2009,116,243,18,20,18>When my daughter's friend's parents offered to take both of our kids for a play date for an evening, my husband and I were like a couple of kids in a candy store and could not decide how we wanted to spend the free time.  A movie?  Nah.  It's a sad time for movie goers when High School Musical 3  and Saw V are the top movies in the theaters...  Porn and dirty sex?  Yeah, but I'd rather eat.  Okay, where?  After wasting precious kid-free time driving around most Oakland neighborhoods like Rockridge, Piedmont Avenue and old Oakland, we decided to give Flora a try.  Although I've been dying to try Flora since it opened, I've heard from many that the restaurant had quite a few kinks to iron out so I wanted to wait until they were ready for me.  As it turns out, they were ready for me.Walking in, I was instantly smitten by the utterly cool feel of the restaurant.  The setting is comfortable and relaxed yet chic with a classic retro flare.  The mood was loud and lively in an inviting, come and join the party way.Not having made a reservation, we were happy to find seats at the bar.  Naturally, we started with a couple of cocktails.  Let's talk about those cocktails.  They are strong, eclectic and full of flavors of old Americana featuring spirits like gin, bourbon and rye but with a modern twist.  And worth every penny.  My favorite was the Accelerator.  Hubby loved the Uptown Swizzle made of Plymouth gin, cucumbers, mint and lemon.  The bartenders, dressed in white button downs and black suspenders were on top of their game and definitely added to the restaurant's retro feel.  We ordered several appetizers to share - yellowtail crudo, foie gras (tasty but literally the size of my thumb nail, a bit too small for $19), sweetbreads and the seared scallops (my favorite).  While everything was well executed and flavorful and we enjoyed every dish, the food, for me did take a slight back seat to the atmosphere and the cocktails.  An order of their famous (and rightly so) caramel pudding with sea salt and a delicious french press pot of blue bottle coffee was the perfect way to end our date.  Well, actually, we had time left on the clock to head home for a porn and dirty sex so that was really the perfect end to our date.  Thanks, Flora for getting us in the mood.  See you on our next date night!
<review# 2072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2008,1/1/2009,149,274,11,11,13>This gym has five stars because it is located in a building of MONUMENTAL PROPORTIONS.  When I'm working out here, I'm thinking of airplanes, engineering, architecture, war, peace, explosions, covert operations, wide open spaces, the ocean, I don't know, the list goes on...  This building is a serious engineering FEAT.  It's gigantic.There are volleyball courts here, a rock wall, roller hockey and indoor soccer facilities...  This list also goes on.Hangar 40 Sports Bar in the back is SWEET!!  So many people don't even know about this place, and then you hear about it and it's just like Alameda...  you're like, huh?  there's an island off the coast of Oakland?  and like, huh?  there's a big gym on an abandoned military base there?  but then you take the 63 bus out here and you're like, ahhhhh, this all makes sense now.  It's the twilight zone.  Why didn't any of those people mention that?  OOO WEEEE OOOO...  Then Shannon W. malls you with a wet dish rag whilst screaming something about air-conditioning.
<review# 2073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2008,12/31/2008,61,47,15,16,15>Disclaimer: the rating for this restaurant was for the most part determined due to one dish. But I think it is completely justified. So I am just going to gush about it in this review like a fat kid gushes about cake.I figured I couldn't continue Yelping without writing about the origins of the yardstick by which I now evaluate all my fooding experiences: the Westlake Thousand Chili Pepper Fish Soup at China Village. Or whatever it's called. It's a soup with some sort of white fish and thick clear noodles (as you can see I am very versed in my cooking terminologies) that comes with hella chili peppers floating on the top that the waiter scoops out with a ladle before serving. As someone who has very low tolerance for spicy foods, the sight of all the chilis might be frightening, but it really is the flavor of the chilis that remain in the soup - and man, it tastes good. I had never felt about any food the way I feel about the Thousand Chili Pepper Fish Soup, where tears come to my eyes whenever it comes across my mind. This must be what they call Love.Don't leave the restaurant without asking the waiter to pack away the chilis that were scooped out of the soup in the beginning. They still have tons of flavor and you can stick them into ramen and home and relive the wonderful flavor of the soup over and over again until you run out of chilis.Other dishes at the restaurant are good as well - crab with rice cake, some other sort of super spicy chicken with many chili peppers that has too much bone and not enough meat but that is delicious nonetheless, etc. Service, mediocre, blah blah blah and they totally racial profile as confirmed by my boss. I.e. if you're Asian, you get the sweet tapioca soup for dessert, and if other ethnicity, oranges. Or something.Anyway, I'm sure I've hyped the soup up way too much by now. In any case, the moral of the story is that the Thousand Chili Pepper Fish Soup at China Village is super yummers and you should go get some (even if you get ONLY this at China Village) before I eat it all.
<review# 2074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2008,12/30/2008,506,510,8,10,10>Monday Night Football, not tonite . I'm starving and cruising around  Oakland Chinatown looking for some cheap eats. I read about the King Wah through various yelpers, inexpensive but good.  The person I was with could speak  Cantonese so I let her order in her native tongue. Quite impressive.Ordered the following:Roast Duck Wonton $5.50  the duck only makes the won ton taste better.Beef Chow Fun $5.50  not my choice because this dish is really oily, could not finish it.  Not much beef with the dish.Clams with Black Sauce $6.75  One of my all time favorites, not too salty and great tasting clams. Some MSG but  I thought the food was good. Good service too....
<review# 2075,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/10/2008,12/29/2008,270,66,11,18,18>Lets see... my to go order was ready within 10 minutes, I paid $18 for chow mein, rice, and beef with broccoli, they gave LARGE portions, and it made me stuffed!  I think for the price and portions they give makes the meal a great deal.  But the flavor was ok, not great, but just A-ok.  I prefer the flavor of East Ocean better on Webster, but they're wayyy tooo expensive over there, in my opinion. (Read my review on them =)) Overall, this place was alright and I'd come back again to try their other dishes.
<review# 2076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2008,12/28/2008,463,976,14,18,20>I really respect stores that try to sell items that are "green" so either handmade, recycled, or organic.  That's what you'll find at this store.  I was amazed to find a picture frame with a border of a bike chain or another picture frame made from an old record.  They had items for children, garden, kitchen, daily life, and jewelry.  I found cute, handmade earrings for my mom-in-law's birthday for a pretty reasonable price.  Like Lolia S. said, "shopping at this new eco-conscious "green" gift store makes you feel good."  That's definitely how I felt.
<review# 2077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2008,12/27/2008,107,131,22,21,20>I'm not sure if this is really a five-star eatery. It could just be my knee-jerk reaction for a refreshing lack of reverse-racism from the staff.I can't tell you how many times my blonde-haired, green-eyed, farmer-tanned cracker ass has been openly discriminated against at various Asian and Middle-Eastern restaurants. Whenever they ask me how hot I want it, I say "hot" or "spicy." But it almost always comes back mild.That's racist!So anyway, Sabuy Sabuy didn't have this problem. When I said I wanted it hot, the waitress simply asked for affirmation - "Are you sure?" - and brought back a plate of delicious basil chicken and vegetables. The meet was tender, the sauce light and flavorful.And I ended up taking a full pitcher of water from her little waitress stand. Now that's what I'm talking about.
<review# 2078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2008,12/26/2008,521,497,19,23,27>4.5 stars.I had no expectations going here.  I thought we were just stopping in to have a drink and talk cakes.  But alas, we were suckered into having dinner by A Cote's illustrious pastry chef (Hi Lainie!).  How could we pass on it.  As everyone has mentioned, it's one of the most charming restaurants along College Ave.  The ambiance is great and we didn't find it too noisy as some had mentioned.  Definitely a great place for a date.  Reminded me of a nice French/Spanish bistro.Having had lunch about 3 hours earlier, we weren't starving to eat, so we didn't really order much.  T ordered the Porcini Mushroom soup and the Butternut Squash Ravioli.  I opted for the the Duck Liver pate and Mussels (even though I had actually had mussels the night before).  Our host for the evening, ordered up the Braised Wild Boar and we shared an order of the Pomme Frites.  Truth be told, we ordered a little too much.The mushroom soup was silky and rich with flavor.  The raviolis came out in a generous buttery portion.  The mussels in their broth, were simply heavenly with a touch of spice to it.  *DO NOT LET THE BROTH GO TO WASTE!*  The wild boar tasted moist and was delicious (although I could do without the polenta personally).  My personal fave for the evening had to have been the duck liver pate.  Not quite foie gras, but oh so close.  I could've just ordered this (with extra crostinis of course) and have been a happy camper for the eve.  The pommes frites may have been the only lackluster item on our table.  While it went well with the mussels, I actually prefer the frites to be a little thicker than shoestring style.  Aside from the thin fries, everything was excellent!  Including their house special spirit, an Aperol Spritz.Maybe it was because we were dining with staff and the service had to step up their game.  Or maybe, that's just the way they are...great service and very accommodating.  Another visit in the near future is in order and should confirm it.  A delightful place to have in the East Bay.
<review# 2079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2008,12/24/2008,144,266,5,6,5>I come here annually for the UC Berkeley Jazz Ensemble. Great venue. It's definitely very slick and the sound quality is awesome. You feel you're part of something epic when you step in here because of the cool photos and accents of the walls.My only gripe is if there are a lot of people on stage you can't see everyone :(.I've only had some desserts here, but they were very typical. Creme brulee, ice cream assortment, and what not. Meh. I should probably come back and eat the food in the restaurant, but so far the jazz already has me coming back for more.
<review# 2080,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/10/2008,12/23/2008,251,652,11,12,11>So, let me introduce you to my friend Jules, who I've already complained is allergic to fish and sesame and eggs (that nixes tobiko and anything with mayo) and still LOVES sushi like its his job.  To the point of incrementally building up a tolerance to tuna, which he now eats giant slabs of, mercury be damned.  Usually, it is not so easy to order maki with him - he sticks to the New York roll or the softshell crab.  Mitama had lots of creative rolls filled with tuna, scallops, shrimp and crab in intriguing combinations.Too bad they failed to disclose that their "snow crab" was in fact a 50/50 mix of real/imitation.  Real crab is a crustacean.  Imitation crab, whitefish, is a finned fish.  I would not think it too uncommon for a consumer in our allergen-laden society to be allergic to one part of this composite and not the other.  Such is the dilemma of our germophobic times, and probably not a big problem in Japan.  Enter: unsympathetic waitress.Well, since I was eating a heap of this sushi (which also had mayonnaise in it, also not disclosed), I can say with confidence that it was pretty good, not great.  It was attractive, but not a showstopper.  At an average of $13 a roll, I've had better.  But no real complaints from me - better informed, I'd consider coming back for their rolls.The vegetable tempura, in contrast, was some of the best I've ever had, thanks to choiciest vegetables.  The nigiri was good until I bit into something hard - a piece of shell or maybe a scale - whatever it was it had no place in maguro.I tentatively recommend this as a nice looking restaurant to linger in with friends (the service is the opposite of hovering and the restaurant is cute and sunny).  Leave your picky or afflicted friends at home.
<review# 2081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2008,12/22/2008,1205,283,17,13,13>I have been a bad Mexican, I should have my ethnicity taken away.  I have been yelping for way too long and never did it dawn on my brown head to write about my grocery store,  or should I say "mi mercado".  So lets get this right before I start raving about this place, did you know I have bought a 30 pack of Tecate here for $16.99 did you read that I said $16.99.  So ya back to all the reasons I love this place even if it doesn't have a bar.  Seriously a bar is all its missing.  They have homemade tortillas, carnitas, pozole, salsas, and even cueritos for the adventurous American or authentic Mexican.  The sales here make your wallet feel like your Bill Gates or Oprahs secret lesbian lover.  For all the carbivores there is so much fucken bread, its a damn yeast orgy going on in there.  It's sweet, warm, fresh, and cheap.  The Panderia is the most popular prostitute of the store.  The music is happy, and talking about getting drunk.......(heaven).  After everything and I mean full on grocery shopping my highest bill has been $107, so get like me.  Mi Pueblo is my refrigerators soul mate.
<review# 2082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2008,12/21/2008,134,160,9,9,8>Should we starve and just skip lunch on Thanksgiving day, in anticipation of the feast to come?  Hell no!Huong Que is a dive, that's for sure.  There are old Asian men sitting outside on mismatched chairs playing Chinese chess.  There really isn't much in the way of decorations or ambiance to speak of, with the exception of a few calendars on the walls.  But that is of no consequence, we were there for the chicken and their ginger-and-scallion sauce.  Nice touch for them to give each of us our our dish of the insanely tasty sauce.  We would've been battling it out over a single dish of sauce, and it would have been the end of a relatively new relationship!  Tip: if you like spice, just add a little squirt of Sriracha sauce and that will take it to a whole new level.  So, we ordered a whole chicken (head and gizzards included!) to share, and each had a large bowl of "plain" noodle soup with flat rice noodles.   We were barely even uttering a word between the two of us, other than an occasional sigh of pleasure.  Before we knew it, there were two sizable piles of bones and skin on the table and we had slurped up all of our noodles and most of the MSG-y broth. All that was left on the platter was the forlorn chicken head and a few stray bones.
<review# 2083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2008,12/20/2008,82,52,9,16,16>Brand new restaurant off of Mt. Diablo...  described as Italian comfort food.  They haven't even had their grand opening yet.  It's on Dec 4.  (They had a soft opening Nov 22.)  Being that it's brand spanking new, there weren't many diners in the restaurant.  My fiance and I were the only people other than waiters and owners for the first half of our lovely meal.  By the end of our lunch, there were four separate parties.  We both started with the celery root soup.  Absolutely delicious.  Creamy and filling, and garnished with julienned fried potatoes wrapped with prosciutto and dill.  Yummy.  I dreamt of carbonara last night, so I thought it was an omen when I saw it on the menu.  (Luckily I'm a workout junkie, because with my obsession with food I should be 400 pounds by now.)  It was pretty good and very satisfying, although a little too salty.  Plus the pancetta wasn't as browned as I would have liked.  So I guess the dream was just a coincidence...Even though my carbonara wasn't the best, my fiance's Tuscan tagliatelle with meat sauce was spot on!  The pasta was obviously fresh and the meat sauce was perfect.  Braised beef with hints of rosemary, red wine and vinegar.  Normally you would expect ground meat in a sauce like this so the chunks of tender beef were a very nice surprise.  The service was very nice and I cannot wait until this place gets into it's groove.  It should be a very nice addition to Lafayette.
<review# 2084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2008,12/19/2008,215,199,20,18,19>I have found the longest light/crosswalk in the entire world. It's across the street (in any direction) from this place. We waited forever--I could have sworn the light changed and would never ever change back. I could have been stuck staring at ironing board tables for the rest of my life (god knows I would never jaywalk).But the light did change, and we hurried across the street a half an hour before closing time, to test out the Crispy Chicken sandwich.I was scared about the coleslaw as I'm not  a huge fan, but Betty's does it just right. It's a mayo-less 'slaw, something which I'd never actually had before. Also, the chicken is perfectly crispy on the outside, while moist (but not too moist) on the inside. The bread was super fresh too!For the first time in history, my girlfriend finished her meal before me! Congratulations woman, it will never happen again!The best part about Bakesale Betty's you ask? One of the awesome counter people saw me eying the Strawberry Shortcake & just gave it to us for FREE! And it was a little piece of heaven.Fresh Strawberries, Homemade Whipped Cream & a moist sweet biscuit.I can't wait to see you again, Bakesale Betty.
<review# 2085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2008,12/18/2008,636,190,24,23,25>...and Shelly thought this would be a low turn out/intimate DYL due to it being on Black Friday :P. The place is three blocks from Lake Merritt Bart, but I'm told its equidistant from 12th St. Bart which is a safer walk. First impression: The place is dark. Like seriously dark...close the cellar door and call me Donnie Darko dark. But as DYLers move in herds, it wasn't hard finding the fun bunch in the corner seats. A little too dark for my taste but... This little divey bar is decked out in red everything, or was it the red lighting that gave everything that hue? Anyway, it was a cool interior that reminds me of my dive bars in the Tenderloin. Lasting impression: The Tokyo Teas and the Adios MoFo's ($10 each). As I rub my temples and drink my water this morning, I know; Ruby Room has left me w/ a lasting impression. Heavy handed doesn't give our great bartender enough credit, the lead handed bartender got me full on trashed. Ice was the only mixer in those drinks. Two Tokyo Teas and one AMF were enough to send me to the pool table worried that I would lose. Eyes crossing/closing and all, I staggered to the table. Pool tables: The sharks at Ruby Room circled at the smell of my intoxicated blood. I hesitantly put in my quarters and played my damdest. Luckily I pulled out all the dirty tricks (aka strategy), played safety, pushed when I needed too etc. I didn't even call any of my opponents' faults. So I got out of there 2:0...praiseing my lucky stars. It was a great night and I'm glad I made it out. Now off with you, go to Ruby Room....I guarantee you won't be seeing red. :)
<review# 2086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2008,12/17/2008,815,137,18,20,20>8:55pm WednesdayDear Culinary King,  Fast food without the guilt. Can this truly ever exist?Just an hour ago, I finally got to try Amanda's, located on the leafy streets of Berkeley.  Before setting one foot into the door, bright lights radiate a sense of discovery.  Perhaps Amanda's attempt to destroy the term "good tasting fast food" as an oxymoron was parallel to debunking that Pamela Anderson never had breast implants.Just a few days after attending Slow Food Nation, I continued my short pilgrimage through healthy wonderland.   I am trying hard, despite the introduction of the new mini meal at Micky D's.Walking alone toward the center stage, I found the menu refreshing.As a food consultant, I praise the likes of In -N - Out for creating simple menu's.*hint: small menus help consumers make quick choices, and this means more customers per hour.The hamburger is all about composition.  Sweet notes from the sauce, crunch from thinly sliced onions, and a slightly toasted bun rounded out the burger.  Part time actors included baked potato fries and baked sweet potato fries.A must order is the freshly made ginger ale (made without high corn syrup), with strong hints of ginger refreshed my thirst.Aside from eating at Little China Kitchen, I found very little meals that made me feel like, free from the greasy feeling.  For those who enjoy the garden, the citrus chicken salad was both charmingly presented and simply had fresh ingredient.Amanda is making a bold statement, that healthy fast food can beSEXYAFFORDABLEDELICIOUS All with some added value.Elongated tables allow customers dine with others.Organic ketchup pair with the potato fries.The food made my visit across the bay worthwhile.Personal note: As a student at Berkeley years ago, this would have been a great place to take "cheap" dates. Studying Environmental Economics and Policy, I had a mound of "tree hugger" eye candy.Only if I could warp back to my college days just like Super Mario.
<review# 2087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2008,12/15/2008,896,808,12,17,17>One of my all-time favorite types of cuisine is Ethiopian.  Is it because I get to eat with my hands without people thinking I'm slovenly?  Or that I like eating family style?  Whatever it is, I love the tangy, savory, exotic flavors and textures when Ethiopian food is made right.Based on favorable Yelp reviews, I was eager to try Cafe Colucci today, and it didn't disappoint.Today was my husband's birthday and we treated ourselves to a lunch of:- veggie combo (collard greens, lentils, split peas, salad, other stuff I can't remember on top of injera/bread)- sega tibs (lean beef with rosemary and onion)- doro tibs (chicken - we actually ordered doro wat, but got this instead; we liked it and were happy to eat it)- hot spiced apple cider for me- honey wine for the Mr.Usually my favorite Ethiopian dish is the split peas (in the veggie combo), but here the standouts were the collard greens and the meat dishes (especially the beef, which was very lean and nicely complemented by the cooked onions).  My husband was fond of the rosemary in the dish, and we could see the actual sprig of rosemary.The atmosphere was fine, not hugely special, but pleasant.  The standout for me was the service.  I had a nasty headache and forgot to bring any pain reliever or stop for any.  I asked the waiter if he happened to have any Tylenol, and he very kindly said he'd get me some (which involved him crossing Telegraph Avenue to fetch me his own bottle).  I was eternally grateful and reflected my gratitude in his tip.We didn't see any parking lot, so we parked about a block away on the street.  We noticed a sign for a new Ethiopian restaurant opening just across Telegraph Avenue.  How frustrating that there is a wealth of Ethiopian restaurants in the East Bay, San Francisco, and South Bay (San Jose area) and we don't have a single one in the Peninsula (San Mateo area).
<review# 2088,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,11/26/2008,12/14/2008,604,474,12,12,11>Recently, I heard they CLOSED.May 2010Left without a trace.Old review:We had been buying paint here for our home and our office for years. I think they do a great job and I have found the staff very helpful every time I visit. They clearly know what they are doing ... just ask for help if you need it. Also ... I think their dog Hershey is terrific. He is the Count of Montclair from the Pet Mayor contest. He has been the Count for the last five years running. When you see him, give Hershey a kiss from me.PetandWildlifeFund.org
<review# 2089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2008,12/13/2008,1070,429,25,25,26>Hana Japan by the numbers:1 - Starving Devon with low expectations because of the terrible to mediocre reviews on yelp19 - Dining Companions4 - Coworkers, including the birthday boy22.45 - Cost of Teriyaki Steak, cooked to perfection40.00 - Cost total, which I owe to the hostess of the little shindig1 - Totally awesome and hilarious chef3 - Lobster tails that melt in your mouth, with lots of butterEleventy billion - Cars stuck in traffic in front of me, preventing an on-time arrival16 - Minutes I was late, just enough to be seated and to order right away0 - ATMs on the premises (in other words, bring cash if you're in a big group)1 - Phone number given to the dude sitting next to me, which means next to nothing because I am a big wuss and screen my calls30something - Average age of attendee, pulled down by yours truly and the toddler on the other side of the table. 4 - Glasses of beer I was able to squeeze out of my large Sapporo1 - Hibachi steakhouse that is better than Benihana29 - Unfortunate Haters/Yelpers who reviewed this place before me.100 - Percent chance I'll return in November to collect my free birthday dinner (score!)
<review# 2090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2008,12/12/2008,90,588,24,16,19>This is a review by a soon-to-be-fat lacto-ovo-vegetarian.Ee-gads, this is very good ice cream. What's more impressive is that the avant garde flavor combination don't get in the way of the actual flavors. They manage to keep Rosemary and Saffron  in check while conveying Rosemary and Saffron (so it's like "Good evening Scott, may I introduce Rosemary and Saffron" and not "Hey Bitches! It's Rosemary and Saffron! Deal with it")It's also very creamy and easy on the tongue (that's what she said!)Servers will come out and take orders from those waiting in line to speed things up.Thanks goodness they are very far from my base otherwise I'd be as pudgy as all the loud camera-wielding Berkeley students in line with me.
<review# 2091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2008,12/11/2008,181,176,20,20,20>A single ride (child or adult) - $2A turkey sandwich with everything - $5.50The look on your son's face when you say, "Hey, would you like to go to the Merry Go Round?" - Priceless.I really wanted to say - "The look on your daughter's face her first time at the Carousel."  But, while still priceless (as how can we price a facial expression), it was so for a different reason... the music and buzzer scared the crap out of her.  Just like her brother upon his first trip, so there is still hope.By the way - they serve Fenton's Ice Cream... just go!
<review# 2092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2008,12/10/2008,221,219,24,20,22>So apparently the two Pam's ravaged Thalassa. We tied it down and did very bad things to it. And just when we thought Thalassa was going to pass out, the dirty little girl begged for more.Not that I remember that much. That is simply what the photographic evidence suggests. In typical Pamela D fashion, I didn't talk to many Yelp folk. You people scare me! However, the ones that I did speak with were lovely. Not to mention that everyone looked fantastic from afar, and I was especially impressed by how much MORE attractive everyone started to look after five beers and a significant lighting change around 8:00 PM. Thalassa knows that once it's patrons are good and drunk, the smart thing to do is to dim the lights. After falling hopelessly in love with Matt H's girlfriend, Anna G and myself fled this hotbed of lovin' and drinkin' with two friends and ran off to San Francisco.In my stead, I am sure that Pam B continued the debauchery. By the end of her tenure at Thalassa, I have no doubts that the establishment was bleeding and crying. Minus one star for lack of pissing facilities. I was getting ready to use someone's mouth.
<review# 2093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2008,12/9/2008,252,388,23,27,28>They sucked me with a wall of taps.A DRAFT beer menu. Including a hard choice between Hoegaarden and Boddingtons on tap.  Though you have to be careful. With 80 beers on tap you have to wonder how often each one is pulled and how long it has been sitting in the line.A FULL pub menu including Bangers & Mash, Fish & Chips, Shepherd's Pie and other British favorites like curries.Prices are a bit high but it's a nice little place to hang out in San Leandro.  And it's BARTable. Our server was very nice and very good. How she was able to keep track of 25+ people and their beer and their food and moving around the table is beyond me but I didn't hear of a mistake.When I have a craving for pub food I would come back here instead of going across the bay into the city.
<review# 2094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2008,12/8/2008,20,61,10,9,10>That cilantro sauce that they put on the tri tip is definitely one of the most delicious things i've ever tasted ever ever ever. If you're not looking to eat a meal, then don't walk by the Brazil Cafe shack cuz they'll hand you a toothpick with the tri tip on it, and it'll be over. You'll just have to buy a sandwich and inhale that sucker. freaking yumrocket. it's a really good deal for students too cuz you get the mango smoothie which isn't exploding with flavor, but its light taste is so refreshing on a hot or gloomy day, and it gets your taste buds wanting that explosion of flavor, which you will get with your TRI TIP SANDWICH. molecular gastronomy? or magic?? you decide.
<review# 2095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2008,12/6/2008,263,163,20,13,21>To the tune of, "Pour Some Sugar On Me" by Def Leppard (Also known as the Stripper song).  If waffles can sing....Step inside, follow the waitress.You and me babe, hey hey!Their waffle is the bomb, baby, c'mon and get some. Eatin' like a lover with hunger tummy growls. Hey! Hey!C'mon, take a bottle, pour it slow. Mix it up, break it up. Pour some syrup on me. Ooh, in the name of hunger. Pour some syrup on me. C'mon eat up now. Pour some syrup on me. Oh, I can't get enough. I'm hot, sticky sweet. From the fork to the plate. Yeah, yeah!__________________________________________________­______Yeah, it's that good. The waffles gotta have its own song.  Large waffle with their hot syrup and great fried chicken.  Your tummy will thank ya.
<review# 2096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2008,12/5/2008,40,170,6,12,12>I'm not buying my fish anywhere else! The fish is so fresh, well priced, and a great selection. The man who helped us was very friendly and helpful. He cleaned and scaled our stripped bass beautifully. We also decided to try a few of the fresh anchovies; we asked for 4 but the guy threw in a few extra because he was sure we'd like them. We loved them! The rest of the market was nice too, Lots of Japanese/Asian products to choose from, and "regular" market items too.
<review# 2097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2008,12/4/2008,345,558,14,14,14>So back in E-ville (meaning Evansville, not Emeryville), there's a place where all the Ol' G's from way back hang out.  And the Young Gs.  And pretty much everyone else because that's the only place to go.  And it's a liiiiiiiiitle too bright, but the drinks are decent, the music is good, and like I said, there's no other place to go.  Like seriously, I've seen some of the guys my age from church and a couple of the old dudes who look at me and then start telling me stories about how in love they were with my aunt (who's in her 60s now) back in the day cause she sho' nuf was a looker.  Yeah - SoftNotes is kinda like that place.  It's not dive-y in the hip, cool, PBR kinda sense.  It's dive-y in the Old man in Stacy Adams and thick-n-thins mixed with baby (wannabe) thug kind of sense.  It vaguely reminded me of a smaller, less classy Close Up 2 in Chicago (yelp.com/biz/close-up-2-…).  The band was great and was loud enough to make conversation difficult, but not so loud that conversation was impossible.  The drinks were good enough - not as strong or as big as Egberts, but not completely lacking either.  I won't rush back, but I'd visit again for the nostalgia of being back in E-ville
<review# 2098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2007,12/3/2008,156,323,6,10,8>I ordered a large chocolate orange mousse cake (serves 20 - 40 @ $120) for my birthday and was really happy with my choice to go with Crixa.  The cake was a bit rich for me but that was to be expected from ordering a rich kind of cake (its mousse, get real Lise!)  Every bite oozed quality with the perfect texture and combination of flavors. As Steven says below, my guests raved!Another neat touch was the cake turned out to be round. I expected a sheet cake to feed that many. Instead, I picked up a beautiful, classy, humongous round cake. Nice!Ordering the cake was easy - a selection of pre-orderable cakes are listed on the website, along with buttons to complete the purchase online. I had questions about the cake, however, so I made the oh so rare phone call. Service on the phone was friendly and helpful, and for once I didn't feel tortured by holding a phone to my ear.All in all, quality cakes with quality service.
<review# 2099,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2008,12/2/2008,261,512,6,12,10>I've tried to go to PIzzaiolo on 3 separate occasions with Jena C. after she raved about how great it was. The first time we didn't have reservations and they told us it would be an hour and a half wait for a table for two. No thanks (rule number 1 in my dining book is I will never wait longer for a table than it takes for the meal). The second time we called two days before and couldn't get a table until 9:30So we called at the beginning of this week and got a table for 7:30. The place was beautiful with great light fixtures and so many warm colors in the restaurant. We had a window table and our server was very attentive without smothering us. Food was well timed, plates were removed in an efficient and timely manner, and our water carafe was never empty.We split everything, starting with a cabbage and sunchoke salad with an anchovy dressing. The sunchokes were thin and the anchovy taste was not overpowering. For our second course, we shared the butternut squash ravioli with a honey butter sauce which was AMAZING. The flavors were so complex yet not overpowering, and the texture of the fresh pasta coupled with the soft squash was just perfect. We then split their clam, parsley and red pepper pizza because their traditional second courses seemed unappealing at the time, for the most part.I'm normally not a fan of thin crust pizza and prefer thick crust. But this was thin the in the slightly burnt, rustic way without tomato sauce, just the right amount of cheese, lots of garlic and perfect flavors of toppings. The clams were fresh (not too fish tasting and not overcooked) which surprised me greatly. Also loved the flavor combination of everything taken together. I was quite pleased and it was just the right amount for the both of us.Overall, we had a lovely evening with great ingredients, amazing flavors and fantastic service. I will definitely go again without hesitation.
<review# 2100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2008,12/1/2008,1948,4780,14,22,21>I'll give the Townhouse 4 Stars for the food and ambiance and a bonus star for how nicely my 12 year-old son was treated in this very classy adult restaurant. In particular, the tall female bartender plied my son with a few Roy Rogers (coke, grenadine and lots of cherrys) and melted his adolescent attitude with kindness, attention, and a warm smile. Legal Disclaimer: My son was not actually sitting at the bar. The very capable waitress at our table was also very nice to him, even considering the messy aftermath of his baby back ribs order. This father appreciates all this a lot.I would also like to thank Toni and Miz Tam for recommending this place. I had been here years before, but kind of forgot about the Townhouse.  The only caution is that parking in their lot can be a bit tricky.I was also here to entertain an out-of-town work colleague (who understands parenting challenges). And like me, he was impressed with his dinner (he had the Jambalaya) , the nicely rustic and woody ambiance, the excellent service, and the Jazz band playing softly in the background. My burger was a great choice, especially with the fresh bread/vegetables, blue cheese and almost perfect fries.
<review# 2101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2008,11/30/2008,371,281,29,27,31>Yelp can be a scary thing.Not for us Yelpers who review with reckless abandon on occasion; us Yelpers who often times compromise the integrity of a business just so we can share a silly anecdote from our lives, but to the actual businesses, who a few years ago were blind-sided by a fast-growing community of loud mouths, like myself.But us Yelpers are afraid of things too. We're afraid of an expensive cocktail, distant servers, entitled bouncers, bad food, and perhaps worst of all, shitty shitty haircuts. No one wants to walk around looking like Garth post Suck Kut. So we research stylists and gather recommendations and hope and pray we'll leave that special chair looking like a super model without the height, the body, the substance abuse problem, or the face.My last haircut (bang trim) was a disaster, leaving me with a quivery lip and new stash of barrettes. I wanted to make sure that the next time I needed a haircut, I found the right stylist who would listen to me and make feel comfortable and ultimately beautiful, or at least not like a Mormon teenager.I've found that comfort and peace of mind (covered in hair) in Melanie.She immediately comes off as smart, quick and knowledgeable and puts you at ease by taking the time to chat about your hopes and dreams for your hair before waving the scissors in front of your face.She's efficient, but doesn't work like a whirling dervish, giving you a chance to express any concerns or suggestions.I've been bouncing around from stylist to stylist for about five years, trying to find that place you feel the warm fuzzies; where you can kick back and relax, knowing that your fringe is in good hands.My locks feel appreciated with Melanie, they feel a little excited about meeting someone new, and a little curious about what magic she can work in the future. The lock's have good butterflies and predict that they won't be crying in the corner at work after a date with Melanie.
<review# 2102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2008,11/29/2008,301,844,13,12,17>I generally try to avoid being clichéd, but I can't help it this time: The scone with lemon curd really IS as wonderful as everyone else is saying. Verifying that assertion was one of my main reasons to eat here; another was that it had been at least a year since I'd treated myself to brunch. It was a gorgeous day and the patio seating was perfect. I was impressed by both the translucent roofing (which cut the glare) and by the attentive outdoor service. The gentle sun, light breeze, and aforementioned warm cinnamon scone made a perfect start to the day.My delicious, fresh-squeezed orange juice came out next, followed shortly by the smoked salmon eggs Benedict. I've had a lot of Hollandaise sauce, and Royal Café ranks in the nobility of those who make it--despite the color being rather pale, the consistency was perfect and the flavor was strong, tangy, and lemony without being overpowering. I didn't quite lick the plate clean, tempting though it was, but I did wipe up every drop I could with the accompanying side of home fries. Prices are quite reasonable, so Royal Café definitely qualifies as a great place to take a date, friend, or family member for breakfast.TRIVIA: Scones originated in Scotland, and were first recorded in 1513. According to a study from University College London (1998), roughly 67% of Britons and 99% of Scots pronounce the word "scone" as /skon/ (rhymes with "John").
<review# 2103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2008,11/28/2008,610,620,23,23,26>Considering this was our dinner stop after a 6 stop winery tour, I'm surprised I remember anything but I do...A sea of peanut shells, very cool decor (I have a soft spot for ropes, brass & dark wood), really nice servers and a winding, carpeted staircase down to the fun & quirky women's restroom.I ordered pasta with shrimp. It was very light and prepared perfectly.  I stole some calamari off of a friends plate which was also delicious.The view was beautiful dammit, I wish I would have been a bit more sober.I'm going back.
<review# 2104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2008,11/27/2008,423,725,14,14,16>I have to do 4 stars because I'm biased from the DYL event, which was crazy awesome.  This is a dive bar of friendly regulars and cheap booze.  I bet you could learn a thing or two about Berkeley/Oakland history by sitting at the bar and chatting with the regular crowd.  Beer prices are seriously cheap - $3.25 draft?  $3.50?  Sit down at the bar and have a Bud or a MGD.  Great, attentive service , friendly bartender, I hope our DYL was great for business.  It was was certainly what I needed in the money-saving mode I'm in right now.Soul was on the jukebox, Yelpers were getting down, cleavage was on patrol, and a few were on the prowl.  Extra-cool surprise when Joshua showed up.  Can't wait to see the pics.  Saw some old friends, made a few new ones, and had the inaugural meeting of the Fancy Man's Shoe Club while I was there.
<review# 2105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2008,11/26/2008,190,446,19,21,22>BEEF BRISKET!!  Do they have other food?  Doesn't matter. BEEF BRISKET!!  Ok, the links are pretty friggin good too. I was introduced to the the E&J on the job and have been a fan since.  Always....ALWAYS....always get the beef brisket.  Potato salad is quite good.  Why the wheat bread is so good I'll never figure out, but it is.  Adding links to that plate is the only other option to be had.  I got the links by mistake at the other location near San Pablo and University.  That wasn't a mistake though.  It was destiny! T wrote in her review "I think E&J will definitely be one of those places that I'm going to get cravings for in the future" and I could not agree more.  Most people will visit and think it was pretty good. Then the memory comes back a couple days later and you want it again.  Just nature folks.  It shall not be denied.Did I mention getting the beef brisket?
<review# 2106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2008,11/25/2008,43,141,18,11,13>The massage I had here was so amazing, so satisfying, so incredible that the masseuse and I shared a cigarette when he was done with me an hour later. I know I probably sound like my friend who spent $800.00 during a drunken bachelor party at a strip club in Vegas and later told us all after questioning his judgment (and marriage), "Dude.... She was SOOOOO into me."But really. That masseuse was SOOOOO into me.So into me that I called my girlfriend later and told her that I think I may have conceived. She questioned me and broke it down, "Bon(tastic), that's pretty typical, they kind of have to touch your gluteus because it's a major muscle." You know what? I don't care. I'm still adding him to my list. And I'm not sharing his name in this review because that would be CHEATING.Besides sexy time massages, one is allowed to spend the entire day lounging in the jacuzzi (windows too!), sweating it out in the steam room, getting pounded in the deluge shower, and you also get to don a fluffy terrycloth robe. Unlimited chocha viewing also included.UPDATE:From the lovely Linda M.:"I overheard a Claremont Spa staffer giving a guest a tour and telling them the deluge shower water is recycled....so to be sure to shower w/ soap if she goes in it.  At least when I was there last, that info wasn't posted...but I'd think its something people would want to know.  Maybe not any less sanitary than a public hot tub...but it made me reconsider going in it."Dirty water for the dirty girl.
<review# 2107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2008,11/24/2008,213,365,16,17,16>"A clean girl is a happy girl" - Marilyn JaegerAmen to that!  I had to "re-up" on my brazilian, so off I went to the Oakland studio.  So beautiful and calming.  But much like my dog on her way to the vet (she just knows!), I was apprehensive about the pending pain.  Since I started again with the brazilians (I took a long break from them a few years ago) it has definitely hurt less and less with each waxing.  Keep that in mind when there are tears of pain in your eyes.Erica is great.  And will offer free samples of the pretty price-y skin products they have for sale.  Don't skip the Spotless.  It's Marilyn's own formula to stop in-grown hairs.  It's the best thing I've tried on my area "down there".  Keeps everything smooooth.
<review# 2108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2008,11/23/2008,615,556,19,26,22>As you can probably tell...I'm not Asian, not even a drop. I wished I was back in April though, because that would have meant a MUCH higher likelihood of me being a donor match for Khanh (since donors often come from the same ethnic background as the patient). However, as we know all too well: cancer doesn't discriminate. So whether you're, as Will Smith so eloquently puts it, "Spanish, Haitian, Indian, Jamaican---Black, White, Cuban or Asian"--look into being a donor. You never know whose life you might help to save.*And for those of you who are freaked out by blood tests, etc, never fear!  There is no blood involved...at least not initially; they just scrape the inside of your cheek with a cotton swab thingy.
<review# 2109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2008,11/22/2008,170,159,11,11,9>1 plate of beef1 plate of chicken1 plate of pork1 plate of lamb1 plate of veggies1 seaweed salad2 plates of pork gyoza1 plate of age-tofu1 plate of ika rings1 plate of tempura1 plate of fried oyster1 rainbow roll1 tempura roll2 people. HOLLA! But in all seriousness, I have tried shabu shabu across the bay. What makes zabu zabu good is the all you can eat small plates option. It gives good variety, on top of the shabu shabu. Because honestly, how much boiled meat and veggies can you really eat? In any case, the broth was OK, the veggies were kinda lacking (my napa cabbage wasn't that great). I enjoyed the small plates and would go back. On another note, the service is fantastic. The staff is sweet, attentive, and very accommodating.
<review# 2110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2008,11/21/2008,8,49,17,16,16>Berkeley Bowl Survival Guide:Objective: to shop at one of the best markets in the country, no doubt with one of the largest produce varieties on the West Coast, as well as a laudable seafood and International foods selection.  You want to buy local at every given opportunity but you're tired of the shysters at the local farmer's market (they're not all bad, but some of 'em are).    Solution: Walk, bike or take public transit to Berkeley Bowl if you can (this is Berkeley after all--being a motorist is commonly frowned upon anyway).    The parking lot is like a nucleus of road rage and you might have a better chance crossing I-80 than you have walking from your car to the BB entrance.  Objective: You're Mormon or you've just never heard of contraception and you have a family of nine to shop for.  Solution: Go at 9 AM or 1 PM on any weekday except Friday.  Evidently, employees in this city start their lunch break at 10, so it's pretty busy up until 1, and then it gets busy again an hour or so later.  You have a big family so you need a shopping cart.  This is not advisable unless you come during the above-mentioned "down periods" in the morning or after lunch.  Please, it's socially irresponsible to push a shopping cart around BB at 5:30 PM.  Frankly. they should lock up the shopping carts during the busy hours and on the weekend and leave the hand baskets by the door.Objective: Alright, you have a car and you have to use it to get to Berkeley Bowl.Solution: Park in one of the many adjacent residential areas.  Walk the few blocks to get there.  It's worth it and you don't risk death or at least getting your car dinged up in the road rage-addled parking lot.  When you're done loading up your car and you have a cart, don't be a lazy ass.  Walk the cart back.  How would you like it if you looked outside your own house to see a bunch of shopping carts in the street and on the sidewalk?  Have some respect.  Objective: You're making a Mexican dish tonight and you want restaurant quality tortillas.Solution: Berkeley Bowl sells Sonora style "Mi Abuelita" tortillas at a reasonable price (I forget what it is at the moment).  They're what dreams are made of, except with 2 cups of flour.  Dense and chewy and delicious.  I recommend the blue corn if they're not sold out, but the green chile and regular corn tortillas are top notch as well.  Berkeley Bowl gets their MA shipment on Tuesdays, so it's recommended to go for the tortillas no later than Thursday.Objective: You want GOOD hummus.  The stuff at Trader Joe's is okay, but there's something missing there.Solution: Haig's regular, spicy or roasted red pepper hummus.  Made in San Francisco.  Slap it on a sandwich or just use it as a dip.  Mmmmm...like Disneyland in your mouth.Objective: You want to sip tasty coffee while you shop.Solution: F***ing yuppie.  Okay, if you must: Bring your own or stop at Cole's or Peet's.  For all it offers, Berkeley Bowl coffee sucks.Objective: You need a bottle of good whiskey, bourbon, vodka, tequila, brandy, rum, etc.Solution: You just start drinking yesterday?  Go to Trader Joe's or BevMo, 'cause Berkeley Bowl doesn't  sell hard liquor.Conclusion: Stay in the East Bay if you can, because you're not going to find many places like Berkeley Bowl.
<review# 2111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2008,11/20/2008,701,677,17,13,15>Karaoke has stolen my heart.  Along with a man named Larry (but more on that later).Yes, I have Japanese blood coursing through my veins and I've never ever been to Karaoke before this past Tuesday night.  The HORROR.I had been warned.  I had been told.  Once you hit Pop Inn, you'll see life in a whole new light.This ain't no lie.Joshua L. and I step up in this joint and I'm greeted by the most incredible KJ ever (see, I'm even down with karaoke lingo).  The man is so friendly, super fly, and a stand-up comic in disguise.  This is Curt.  Curt will rock your world.  Patty, bartendress extraordinaire, hit me up with bottle after bottle of Miller High Life, until I was feeling good enough to get up and duet none other than a Black Crowes number. This shit is FUN!Dancing with all the cool ass East Bay Yelpers and of course, our little Larry.  Larry, Larry, Larry. He bumps and grinds like nobody's business.And what about our wheel chair bound gentleman who suddenly felt inspired to get up and dance?  Miracles happen every single night at Pop Inn!  I like the costumes.  Props.  Stunna shades.  Beer goggles.  Rocker wigs.  Tambourines.  Feather boas.  Fancy to be a drag queen?  Why YES, you can be.  At Pop Inn.Pop Inn.  This is where it's at.  Tuesday night's.
<review# 2112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2008,11/19/2008,298,127,34,24,27>OMG OMG OMG. Lobster+ Burrito = sexy party in my mouth.Service was painfully slow. Don't care.LOBSTER BURRITO.They had a great menu that included Mexican dishes with prawns and calamari.  Don't care.LOBSTER BURRITO.I got a huge parking ticket on the street. Don't care.LOBSTER BURRITO.My Brett Farve has forsaken his people and is now wearing a Jets jersey. Don't care.LOBSTER BURRITO.I want to have children someday, but I fear bringing them into a apocolypic world brought on by global warming and World War III. Don't care.LOBSTER BURRITO.I found a lump. Don't care.LOBSTER BURRITO.Poem time....Lobster BurritoWhere have you been all my life?Sexy in my mouth.Talent Level ? Lobster Burrito plus one hot blond.
<review# 2113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2008,11/18/2008,333,39,12,18,20>A new favorite. So much soul. Easy and comfortable. An old friend's living room. Waiter is smooth, walks us through offerings. Cool jazz breezes through perfecting the vibe. Charcuterie: tasty and plentiful. My palette digs homemade bacon. (Who's doesn't?) Wine suggestion is spot on. Pork loin arrives, lounging on succotash. Dare I say, sensual? Back flips on my tongue. Eyes close involuntarily. A new favorite. So much soul. Ceres wins today.
<review# 2114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2008,11/17/2008,1429,411,7,8,9>You know what? This place gets a lot of good reviews, and they actually deserve it.The location is pretty cool, it's right on the corner with wide open windows. You can literally smell the bread being baked in here blocks away. Everytime i pass by i want to stop in and pick something up because the aroma lures me in! I've actually been surprised by how good some of the items are. Things i've tried include the  Chocolate Chip/Pecan cookie, Brownie, and Sweet Demi Baguette. The Cookie is easily 4-5 stars in overall taste and quality. The cookie is soft, the chips are melted in the middle, and the pecans aren't too crunchy. I REALLY wish i could eat this cookie warm-- next time i'll have to show up right when they open!For me, the Brownies are just ok... although i can imagine a lot of people would enjoy it. The chocolate in this is too rich for me (which isn't a bad thing, i'm just not used to it) so it kinda isn't my flavor... plus the cake is too fluffy and light like bread or cake, rather than thick and chewy-- the kinda of brownies i'm used to. However, the Baguettes have been very tasty! I need to go back and get more because i love em'!All and all, worth the good reviews they receive, very tasty baked goods... go check it out. =)
<review# 2115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2008,11/16/2008,341,458,18,18,22>When we first got Edie, she was our only child and was spoiled rotten with lots of visits to the dog parks.  After she got a couple of homo sapien siblings, her visits to the dog parks became less frequent, but I got a job where she could come to work.  She was showered with attention and affection, and ran around with other office dogs.Sadly, I changed jobs again and could no longer take her to work.  Compared to her early years, she is terribly neglected.  It makes me feel guilty.  She does get as many cuddles at home as she can handle, but it's not the same as running free with your own kind.So, when a friend suggested Point Isabel for an outing, we were all very excited.  It's simply Dog Heaven.  Though she is not much of a water dog, just being able to freely cruise around with like-minded pooches and pooch lovers was pure bliss for all of us. The kids loved it, too.  My older daughter asked, "Can I pet your dog?" and stated "Her name is Edie.  You can pet her, she's nice." to nearly every dog owner we passed, which was quite a lot.  The little one helpfully added, "She doesn't bite." once in awhile.Just added another item on our list of fun weekend things to do for our family.
<review# 2116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2008,11/15/2008,156,126,12,22,18>Earlier this year, I went on an adventure that I will never forget.  In March 2008, I made the trek to Thailand on behalf of Habitat for Humanity and helped rebuild a home that was destroyed by a fire.  Although I put in many hours of hard manual labor, I also gained an undeniably unforgettable experience.  Besides the humanitarian efforts, I was able to indulge in the food and learn from the culture, which leads me into my review.  Wat Mongkolratanarm reminds me of two very cool things in Bangkok:  the magnificent Wats and the food from the night bazaars.Located in a suburban area of Berkeley, the food at Wat Mongkolratanaram is reminiscent of the food served from the vendors at a night bazaar.  Cheap, fast, delicious, and relatively simple, not only does the food satisfy the appetite, but it also brings back good memories.  From the curry to coconut pancakes to fried chicken to pad thai to mango with sticky rice, the many dishes at Wat Mongkolratanaram helps bring a little bit of the "Land of Smiles" (nickname for Thailand) to the Bay Area.  The only things missing for a true Bangkok experience would be the street vendors trying to haggle with you on every corner and the hordes of women/ladyboys trying to holler at you (fyi - no, I didn't mess with the ladyboys, and yes, I felt like a super pimp because all the girls/ladyboys were talking to me...well, not just me but all the foreign looking people as well, haha).Wat in Thai means temple, so the food service and dining areas are actually situated at a Thai temple.  Every Sunday, the members of the temple get together and prepare all this food for everyone as a fundraiser.  When you arrive, you need to go exchange your money into tokens to pay for all the food ($1 = 1 token).  From there, there are many different lines and counters that you can order different dishes from.  All the food items range from 1 token to 5 tokens, so it's definitely pretty cheap.  Once you get all your grub, find a spot at any open table and chow down.  The dining area is literally tables and chairs, so you'll definitely be sitting next to someone new.  ***Special Fried Chicken Section***The FC here is simple, tasty, and unique.  The chicken is fried "naked" (which means unbattered) in a large wok filled with oil.  The chicken cooks pretty quickly with this method and as a result gives the chicken skin a thin crispy texture and allows the meat to retain its moisture.  Besides the natural flavor of the chicken and saltiness of the oil, there are no other spices added to the chicken.  However, a sweet and sour sauce accompanies the chicken and complements the sticky rice well.  Most times, the chicken is a hit.  However, it can definitely be a miss when over fried, leaving the chicken far too crispy and dry.  If you love FC or this is your first time at the Wat, I would definitely give this a try.Tips:*:  If you get too many tokens, you don't need to save them.  Just go back to the counter and return them for some Lincolns and Washingtons.*:  If you come with friends, have one person reserve a spot to sit while the others go get food.  This place gets packed as noon approaches.*:  Want to learn some basic Thai phrases?  Well here you go:Hi/Hello - Sawatdee ka/kap (say "ka" if you are female and say "kap" if you are a male)How are you? - Sabai dee mai ka/kapI'm fine. - Sabai deeThank you. - Kop koon ka/kapDelicious! - Arroy!No worries - Mai bpen rai
<review# 2117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2008,11/14/2008,520,93,23,13,13>Tell me that you have never seen them....Not to hate or make their spot hot but I had to Yelp them one time."The Tamales Guys" in front of the San Leandro, CA Walmart. (Davis St Exit off of 880)The last 5 out of 5 times I came, I met them and bought quite a few homemade tamales. Delicious as I might add. (Warm and Fresh)I been seeing these guys here on and off for awhile now. Since last year as I can recall. You can catch them here either day or night. Dont expect them to be there though, its always a surprise. So as you park your car and walk up to the main entrance of Walmart, they sometimes approach you then or they wait until you exit Walmart. The dudes are very smooth though. As you walk by, They sort of say "Tamales....." in a low tone voice. And then you say to yourself, "who said that?"You turn around and (BAM!) there he is speaking spanish to you and everything .... "Tamales.... blah blah blah blah senor.."Then you say "what?" and follow him to the trunk of his car.He pulls out a fat cooler with chicken tamales, and pork tamales.How much ey? He says "One dollar each"Thats when I say 5 for 4 dollars? He says, "No ey...."Im like, Ok hombre.I still take the 5 and split like a banana...... (Gots to, its homemade).If you purchase 10, he'll take off a dollar.They'll be there, but dont expect them to be.Basically, You cant beat Homemade Tamales, its always Muy Deliciouso! Slap a little Tapatio sauce on and your good to go.Cinco............Como se dice, "STARS" en espanol?
<review# 2118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2008,11/13/2008,0,5,3,7,5>My dad is a vet back in Kansas and so I usually get all my pet advice and  medication from him, but when my dog Stella started projectile vomiting all over the house this morning, I knew I needed to get her in to see a vet.  I called several places in the area who told me they were too booked to see my sick pooch.  Then I called Montclair Vet Hospital, who told me to bring her right in.  The office was clean, the front staff and tech were friendly and efficient.  The Dr. who saw Stella was kind and gentle with her.  She gave us several treatment options, ranging from fluids and antibiotics to x-rays and bloodwork.   I like the fact that I wasn't scared into spending a lot of money on unnecessary tests. I am pleased to report that Stella is doing fine thanks to the wonderful people at Montclair Vet Hospital.
<review# 2119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2008,11/12/2008,193,87,5,23,25>Somber...On 19 March 2008, it will be 5 years since this war started...and counting.I've been trying to do some research on this spot since I've gotten back from up north. I haven't tried hard enough because it's all right there.Just to be at this sight, reminds you of the grave importance of not only how precious life is, but of the sacrifices of others, so we could live our lives how we see fit.So don't forget about those who are there now, or about the ones who fell for us. God bless. - en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La… - antiwar.com/casualtiesEnd the war.-side note...my 50th review.
<review# 2120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2008,11/9/2008,401,241,22,19,19>I spent $900 on a pair of glasses yesterday.  nine.hundred.  dollars. I'm in shock certainly, but I looked at Kaiser and Costco (my go to places for glasses) and they had shite. I went to a few boutique-y places and nothing.  Then I stopped in to Montclair Optical - nearby to Farmstead Cheeses and Wines, the Cheesemonger's new shop in Montclair, and these glasses sang out to me, beckoning like a mermaid on the rocks.  I tried them on, perfect.  I left.  I came back and tried them on again.  I waited two days (like you do when you purchase a handgun) and then brought Mrs. Cheesemonger in to see them.  She approved.Now they're mine (or will be in 2 weeks).Thanks to the very friendly and professional  staff, and I can't believe that no one has reviewed this place before......they've only been in the village for 25 years.......
<review# 2121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2008,11/7/2008,125,311,10,13,17>My wedding was a blast.  We rented out the whole hotel (only 22 rooms, so just close friends and family stayed there) and had both our rehearsal dinner (80 people) and our reception (120) there.  My expectations were blown away - the staff had thought of everything and executed my ideas to perfection.The rehearsal dinner turned into a regular hootenany - with relatives banging away at guitars and a multi-generational party carrying on up on the rooftop into the wee hours.  I stayed in a room by myself the night before the wedding and went to bed at a reasonable hour, and was entirely oblivious to the ruckus that was taking place a few floors above.  My family and friends were able to party with abandon (maybe a little bit too much abandon the night before the wedding?) and spend quality time together, before ambling down the stairs to their rooms.The wedding reception itself was pure bliss.  The staff obligingly set up the bar at the very last minute so that we could take family portraits by the beautiful stained glass front windows.  I had communicated all details over email to Andrea, who followed every last one of my requests to a tee.  The bartenders were fantastic, serving up my custom drinks with gusto (including the "Green Freedom of a Cocktoo"  - a labor of love for which I had made about a gallon of ginger syrup).  I had no idea where the cake was going to be displayed, but there it was when I walked in - at the front of the stage with plates, napkins, forks and a serving knife all ready to go.The food was delicious and the buffet thing worked as artfully as a buffet can.  The alcohol kept flowing (in fact we bought about 30% too much booze - but it's hardly an area in which we regret overspending) and so did the party.  I'm not sure what time the DJ left, but we had the hall rented until 1:30am and many of our guests stayed that late.  Also, between myself and my husband (!), at least three of our cousins hooked up with three of our friends.  At the very least, that indicates... something.I had picked the Bancroft because it created a central location for guests to spend the weekend, and because my friends and family could party late into the night and then walk upstairs to their room.  I also enjoyed meeting Kelly, the events manager, and everything seemed reasonably priced, including the small bar setup/bartending fee, which allowed us to bring in all our own alcohol at a much cheaper cost than other venues.  I would recommend this venue wholeheartedly - it served as an elegant-yet-homey-feeling place for our guests to celebrate our wedding.
<review# 2122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2008,11/6/2008,237,253,18,21,18>Last night I took my mom out to dinner here since she was staying at the Claremont for a work seminar.  My goal was to wine and dine her, capitalizing on the fact that I would not have to drive her home...mission accomplished.  I have eaten here numerous times and have always enjoyed my meals.  The one thing that I noticed this time around is that the dinner menu is small but has a decent range of choices.  I had the steak, Caesar salad, two cocktails, and bread pudding for desert.  I think the drink menu is truly 5/5 stars.  They make some really stiff but well-balanced drinks that are quite refreshing.  The $10/drink price tag seems somewhat overpriced but the ambiance is what you are paying for.  The steak I got was good, not the best I have ever had.  It was suppose to have a Cabernet reduction sauce but I think the chef failed to reduce it enough.  It was much too watery.  This almost amazing food seemed to be the theme for the night for just about all the food my mom and I ordered.  She got the Mahi Mahi, and having just come back from Hawaii, we both were not too impressed.  The fish was good but not great.  They do sling out some quality dishes they just were not at their best last night.During the warm summer months, I have frequented this place just to enjoy the deck they have that overlooks the bay.   It has an awesome view.  Eating lunch out on the deck and drinking Mojitos is the perfect way to spend a sunny day.  My favorite menu item they sell is a huge delicious burger with all the fixings.  I should have gotten it last night.  The fries they make are addicting since they mix cheese and spice them just perfectly.  At times the crowd at this place can be somewhat stuffy, pretentious and older, but I have noticed a younger crowd that manages to take over on certain nights.  The parking is easy since the Claremont has huge parking lots.  A tip for those too cheap to pay for the parking....just tell the guy you are suppose to pay when you exit that you are in room # ...(make a 3 digit # up)...he wont charge you.
<review# 2123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2008,11/4/2008,564,188,17,18,15>A couple of years ago, on a cold winter night, I went in search of The Spaghetti Factory in Jack London Square with a friend, only to be told by a janitor that it had... closed down.  Disappointed, we got into the car and decided to cook at home, but then we saw a bright yellow sign of BUTTERCUP.  And we've been hooked since!Their menus are HUGE, so I often have trouble deciding what to order.  Sure, the food may seem a little expensive on the menu, but once you've seen how huge the portions are and how awesome it tastes, you'll know why.  Sometimes, I wish they'd offer smaller portions for lower prices so that I could sample several dishes in one sitting, but that's okay, I'll just try something new every time I visit.  The decor is kinda tacky and ridiculous.  Whatever interior decorator painted the pilars and picked out the fake flowers and upholstery patterns is clearly stuck in the 60's.  In a (/n awesomely) bad way.  The waitresses are absolute sweethearts though!  Here's a run through of some of my favorite menu items:Omelette: You can pretty much order anything you want in it, though they have a lengthy list of omelettes that you can have made.  For about $6-9, you can have an omelette made with a gazillion eggs bursting with filling, plus a side of homefries or potatoes O'Brien, and either toast, bagel, muffin or biscuit.  I suggest getting the muffin or biscuit.Waffle: Super fluffy and they really go overboard with the toppings.French Toast: Holy shit, it's humongous!  Comes with a bowl of homemade blueberry preserves.  During the holidays, they serve an eggnog version of this topped with eggnog butter *drool*Soup: Any one of their homemade soups is awesome.  Baked potato soup is heavenly, as is their minestrone.Chicken Penne: $12.  Even though I order it without the chicken, it still takes two people to finish it because it's so huge!  They use some sort of orgasmic creamy pesto and gorgonzola sauce for this dish, and they give you warm, fluffy bread to lap up the sauce in!Plus they have potato skins and fried mozzarella sticks!  Need I say more?No offence to overweight people, but as an observant friend (who now asks me to take him here for breakfast every time he's in town) said the first time that I took him here, "You know a place is good when all their patrons are fat.  They keep 'em well-fed!"  It's true, most of the people who dine here's BMIs are through the roof, and they know where it's at!
<review# 2124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2008,11/3/2008,22,36,20,11,11>I spend too much money here.  My bedroom is full of comic books.  And my garage.  And my office.  And my car.  And I'm still married!  I wish I could review my wife for putting up with me and my addictions (maybe that word is a bit too harsh...how about peculiarities, or highly intellectual hobbies?).I have been to a lot of comic shops, and this place is still my favorite.  The staff is knowledgeable and friendly, the owners are cool, the selection is great, and they have a good game selection.  To top it off, the street is full of bars and restaurants for me to dork out at and read my "literature" when I am finished.
<review# 2125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2008,11/2/2008,40,51,6,9,9>There are a lot of high end chocolatiers, but there is only one Chuck.  He is a fanatic about quality & will not compromise to make lower priced chocolates.  All ingredients are natural & real, i.e. a chocolate containing orange contains REAL orange, not flavorings etc.I send his chocolates for client gifts all the time & they are remembered long after they are devoured.  A particular favorite are the Fleur del Sel caramels in an edible box.  Who doesn't love an edible box?If you can get over to the factory, the tour is awesome.  Lots of free samples to enjoy during the tour.   If you get lucky, Chuck will do the tour, but I understand there are other great people who lead the tours too.Last note -- Chuck is very generous.  He is always willing to donate chocolates for worthy causes.  I feel very good about supporting a local business with a good heart.  I don't mind paying a bit more for an occasional luxury.
<review# 2126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2008,11/1/2008,268,1319,4,11,10>Pot roast, a side of chard, and a wonderful bourbon cocktail.  I was in heaven!  Thanks to Lance for taking very good care of me.--------------------------------------------------­---------------------------------------------UPDATE:  They are OPEN and my friends have already dined here on Tuesday night (I was at the home opener of the A's).  More to come soon when I make it there myself...Initial reports are good!--------------------------------------------------­---------------------------------------------Not yet opened.Formerly the site of Coffee for Thought.John Couacaud, chef-owner of Acquacotta, resume includes three years in the kitchen at Oliveto in Oakland's Rockridge district and three at Prima in Walnut Creek.Reference: alamedamagazine.com/medi…Alternatively, I also read this-Site of the old Alameda SaloonHe opens next weekend (Friday, 28 March).Reference:farmsteadcheesesandwines… Newsletter March 2008
<review# 2127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2008,10/31/2008,510,406,13,19,16>I ordered the beer sampler and the brie and apple plate (a weird pairing, I know...but the vegetarian food selection is not stellar).  Both are probably best shared, but I was there by myself finishing my book club book.The brie and apple plate was good (although, as I said, a bit weird with a beer sampler).  As for the beer sampler:Old Oakland - This beer was kind of sweet and had sort of a honey flavor.  I prefer dark beer and never would have ordered it...but loved it (even though it's a bit odd).IPA - Pretty much your standard "I don't know what to order.  Guess I'll just have the IPA."Luck O' The Irish Stout - This is a really strong, dark beer.  I loved it.  It's one of those beers that almost tastes like coffee it's so dark...which I love.Blue Whale Ale - This one was pretty good, but not great.Killer Whale Stout - For a stout...this is pretty darned weak flavored.Leviathan Imperial Stout - This one was a bit too strong for me...maybe I should've mixed it with the Killer Whale Stout...Cask Conditioned Ale - This one tasted pretty good...but is served room temperature which I didn't particularly care for.My waiter (JR?) was a cool guy...kinda reminded me of Joey from Friends...and seemed like somebody who would be fun to hang out with.Overall, I liked the place and would definitely go back.
<review# 2128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2008,10/30/2008,219,246,13,11,11>I think that the owner/cook Carolyn said it best, "So good, you'll wanna slap somebody!"I dunno what she does to those ribs and brisket, but they are soooooooooooooooooo freakin' tender!  Unbelievable!  OMG!  The meat fell apart faster than Jessica Simpson's career!  (Ouch!!!)  The sauce could have been spicier but it was still delicious.The owner Carolyn was nice as hell.  She came out and chatted it up with us for like 1/2 an hour.  She talked about the history of the recipe, her singing career, the restaurant, her family, "The Quest for Fire" with Rae Dawn Chong...  Weird pricing.  Not expensive, but weird.  They charge per items and don't really have combos...  You'll have to see for yourself.  Awesome place with great food and great people.
<review# 2129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2008,10/29/2008,266,363,14,16,19>So, being the klutz that I am, I sort of fell off my bike a couple of weeks ago. And by "fell off," I mean I pretty much crashed and burned, leaving me with a bruise the size of a pomelo* on my left thigh, a giant gash on my right, a shoulder that I couldn't really extend all the way (FYI, trying to take off your own bra with only one arm is a challenge, to say the least), and a pretty big blow to my pride.And then there's my beloved bike, which didn't really ride too well after that. And a proper tune-up was long past, so I knew I was in for a doozy of a fix. Enter Cycle Sports, the bike shop that seemed closest to my Oaktown home and therefore my most practical option. And what an awesome place! The guys working there are super duper nice and professional, my bike was fixed up quickly and beautifully, and the end price (for parts and maintenance) was totally reasonable. After this visit, riding my bike has never felt better, save for my slight fear of crashing again. Bring it on, road.*en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Po…
<review# 2130,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/18/2008,10/28/2008,3617,1853,24,17,16>Chow's is like the casual Lafayette equivalent of Spago's without the pretense....everyone in town goes here! It is one block off the main drag, but everyone in Lafayette comes here maybe twice a week, because it is almost always lively and crowded. It is a combination gourmet deli, bar, and slightly better than average casual food restaurant rolled into one. The food is decent, but nothing special; the prices are decent, not cheap nor exhorbitant. The service is spotty, employing undisciplined, young, suburban 20 somethings who take long breaks while the hungry masses ponder leaving. Really, I don't understand the popularity. Well, wait a minute, where else are you going to eat at a decent price and discuss your water bill with neighbors? Or buy some foreign aged cheese without being sneered at by Safeway employees? Or just hang out and have a bite and a drink in a casual setting before you drive up the hill to your Moraga Hills hideaway?Anyway, if you are a formerly lonesome Cougar, come here with your hunky May date and show him off to everyone else in Lafayette, they are all here!  Sort of like Desperate Housewives, isn't it?
<review# 2131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2008,10/27/2008,133,130,2,12,10>This place is great. If you have to go to an emergency vet clinic, and I hope you don't, this is the best one in the East Bay--especially for the price. (I have also tried Berkeley Dog & Cat Hospital and University Veterinary Hospital--pretty terrible experiences at both.) (I have heard good things about Bay Area Veterinary Services (BAVS) in San Leandro, although I think it is generally more expensive because they have a lot of specialized, high-end equipment.) In the past 15 years in my work doing animal rescue, being a pet owner, and having a dog walking and boarding business, I have been to Pet Emergency Treatment Services (PETS) at least 10 times and never been dissatisfied. Their prices are reasonable, vets and techs compassionate and efficient, and service is fast with the exception of a couple times when I had to wait for a little while while they dealt with a life-threatening emergency (triage is important in this field). I recommend PETS to my friends and clients all the time and haven't heard anything negative so far.
<review# 2132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2008,10/25/2008,192,96,19,29,27>I came to Tiffany after a bad haircut, but remained hopeful.  She came through big time and helped me find a style and cut that I not only love, but can reproduce at home.  She was professional, kind, and extremely knowledgeable about my hair texture and the best way to maintain the health of my hair.  She told me about specific products and natural oils to use to use to address specific issues.  She knew more about my half polish/half black hair than any person in Oakland, and gave me excellent pointers.She also found a way to make sense of a terrible cut someone gave me, and made me look and feel great.  Long after the curls she put in were gone, my hair felt and looked amazing.  No one else will be putting a finger on my head.  Tiffany knows what she is doing.  I highly recommend her.
<review# 2133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2008,10/24/2008,76,184,6,6,7>For Lent, I should have given up mentioning the words "frozen yogurt" in my conversations... it has officially gotten old...but eating it hasn't!! mm mm babyWell regrettably I am not one of those people who are in the category of having tried Pinkberry yet (my hometown gives me a somewhat legit excuse until I can get my friends to fed ex me a cup *HINT GOOD FRIENDS OF MINE*)so from that stance..mmm definitely addicted to the flavor and less creamy consistency of the plain yogurt at this place ....but why... is it ... so expensive for a little cup o icy milk mixture??? They have a huge machine crankin' that stuff out... why do they gotta be greedy??  small plain + mango, strawberry, blueberry = $4. Credit card has $5 minimum...sadness.  While I was eating one blueberry fell to the ground and rolled away...traumatic...I feel like I'm paying for gelato..... oy I'm going to start making my own frozen yogurt in my ice cream machine and setting up a little stand in front of my apt... then I, too can start making some nice cash money off of yogurt craving Berkeleyans + visitors. but bonus+ points for being open the latest!! Thought I'd end on a good note! :)
<review# 2134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2008,10/23/2008,704,190,35,17,19>So about 30 years ago, a couple of hippie white chicks in Berkeley started this body care and cosmetics venture all humble-like back in the 70s. Now, their best selling item is a product called, ahem, CHINA Rain and they proudly offer an "AFRICAN Line of Gifts." Well well!!!! If that's not appropriation at its finest!!!!But perhaps my most favoritest of all the appropriated items would be this ONE product from Body Time:                                         The Ayate Face & Body Cloth. "This natural-fiber cloth is traditionally handwoven in Mexico from the agave, or century plant. We've found it to be perfect for cleansing, massaging and revitalizing skin in the bath or shower. Each cloth is approximately eight to ten inches square."Basically, they got a bunch of poor people to harvest crops and weave cloths, all for our needless American indulgence. Thank you!!!The first time I used it, I swear the rough, calloused hands of a construction worker was gently exfoliating the day's slough from my neck, my back, my p**** and my c****. I was revitalized all right! Mmmm hmm! Well!!!!
<review# 2135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2008,10/22/2008,307,317,70,54,56>I just celebrated a wedding anniversary.  I'm not gonna tell you which one, but I have a kid going off to college, so you could make a reasonable guess.  Given what an asshole I am, I am amazed it lasted this long.  Here's my secret:  I married someone who is very resistant to change.  I'm pretty sure she's just reluctant to trade in the asshole she knows for the asshole she doesn't.  So while having a change-phobic spouse does have its advantages, it's often inconvenient.  Like the fact that we tend to go to the same three or four places for dinner over and over again.  Since we live pretty close by, I've always been intrigued by Banana Blossom.  It's a really nice looking place and it has a cool name, but those weren't  reasons enough for my wife to give up her Thai rotation between Pagarung (in Montclair) and the excellent Grand Ave. Thai.I've been working on her for over year.Me: "Let's give Banana Blossom a try.  It gets great reviews on yelp."She: "You and your yelp."  (That's a true quote.  She says, "You and your yelp" a lot.  She's even gotten the 9 year old saying it.  Like the other day at a gas station, when the pump kept stopping and I was getting frustrated, and my daughter yells out the window:"Hey daddy, why don't you yelp this place?""I don't generally yelp gas stations, honey.""You and your yelp." )Anyway, the other day, she broke down and agreed to try Banana Blossom. Oh, yes. Yes please.  This place is great.  Its atmosphere is several notches above the usual Thai place, and just a notch below the excellent and beautiful Soi 4.  It has a decent wine list, much better than you'd usually find.  And the food is really exceptional.  We had the Kabocha Squash Curry, which was fresh and flavorful; the Beef salad, with perfectly cooked steak and fresh greens; and the staple of our usual Thai diet, Basil Chicken, with lots of fresh vegetables and super fresh basil, of course.  And huge perfectly cooked chunks of white meat chicken.   We also had the Salmon Curry, which was equally excellent.  Prices are pretty good, too.  We fed a family of 5, bottle of decent wine included, for under $100.  I'm sure we'll be coming back again and again - until I find another cool nearby place to browbeat my wife into trying.
<review# 2136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2008,10/21/2008,319,70,15,15,14>Celia's is like a dream come true for the Berkeley resident.  A full service Mexican restaurant (not a taqueria), Celias offers a comfortable and friendly environment to eat large portions of delicious Mexican eats.  Tacos, Tamales, Chimichangas, Enchiladas, and your friendly burrito are all available, ala carte or in combination dinners.  The portions are generous and the hosts are friendly and attentive.  If you're looking for take-out, they are fast and prepare full plates packaged to go (paper plates and aluminum-wrapped to keep 'em hot!)NOTE: I strongly recommend the ground beef tacos.  They're delicious and don't have "mystery meat" as filler - no sir, good bits of real beef.Another reviewer compared this place with the rat-infested shithole that is La Burrita, to which I can only say - if you're interested in Uncle Ben's rice, Salsa you could squeeze-spray on, boiled meat, industrial grade beans and chips, and sitting on the can afterwards regretting it, well, you're welcome to it.Me, I'll be across the street chomping down Celia's delicious eats.
<review# 2137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2008,10/20/2008,456,631,16,16,16>Woo hoo! 400 Reviews and I'm trashy and classy at the same time. I have been to the Stork Club several times and you can always count on the place to bring you simultaneous joy and sadness. Joy...pain...sunshine and rain. The Friday night I went, there was a little bit of everything--even the rain.I've come here to drink whiskey and stare at the demented Barbies along the wall. I've come here for strange honky tonk jazz, and I've come here for burlesque shows. Whatever your pleasure, the Stork Club will surely have a theme night for you to haunt.Great PBR tall cans to end your art murmur night with (or begin a night of boobies with). Good DJ, who really pleases the crowd with retro hits that get you to not take yourself so seriously, even though it is Friday night and you're supposed to be hip and all...I don't care how tight your jeans are, if vintage Prince comes on, you are going to DANCE.Hipsters dancing on chairs, rubenesque burlesque dancers on the stage, men in overalls and an ecclectic crowd to say the least, this place offers a little something for everyone to either love or hate.Minus one star for poor ventilation. I know the girls on stage are scantily clad, but you've got a crowd of heavy, breathing heathens in the dark--turn on a fan and cut us some slack! Or get me another beer.
<review# 2138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2008,10/18/2008,107,131,15,19,15>If you have a sweet tooth and you're not one of those prudes trying to inhibit your natural instincts, Grand Bakery is the place for you. They have an excellent selection of cookies, brownies and other baked goodies (I'm not all about those fancy baked desserts though - I stick with cookies and brownies because I know I like 'em), and they all taste marvelous.And the staff? Top notch. I went in one time, ordered two cookies but only had enough cash to pay for one (pretty pathetic considering how inexpensive they are). I told them to put one back, but they said to keep it and pay for the extra another time. I went straight to an ATM and came back to pay, and the owner said I would have good karma.I don't believe in karma, but I still like it when people say mine should be good. His make-believe karma should be good, too.Sounds like the perfect place, right? It pretty much is, except their hours are a little strange. They were closed down for awhile for remodeling, and now I think they are closed on Saturdays and Mondays. Maybe they don't know there's a farmers market nearby on Saturday, and people like me are close by and want their fix.Make it a seven-days-a-week store, Grand Bakery, and I'll see what I can do to bump you up to five stars.
<review# 2139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2008,10/17/2008,3446,131,11,31,29>Almond Butter! So very good. And this place makes the best!! Specializing in "Alive" foods, Living Tree Community foods is a great alternative to the normal health food stores. The almonds, and dried fruits are very good and worth the price. The dried bananas are unique and very tasty.But the butters, oh the butters, Cashew, Pumpkin Seed and Sesame, Macadamia, Hazelnut, are sensational! Their olive oils are also top notch. They also sell a "raw" olive oil which is light and very delicious. They feature grains and seeds, agave syrup, honey and even bee pollen.So if you are into healthy foods, this place wont disappoint!Prices are a bit steep. But the freshness of the products are far superior than the brands norrmally found in health food stores.
<review# 2140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2008,10/16/2008,149,274,10,9,11>Greyhounds!  Raise the woof!Nah nah nah.  We came in here one night and time just stopped.  The globe ceased to turn.  The moon froze in the sky.  We danced all night to the rhythm of all of our lives and to a band whose name none of us know.  This place is magical.  It brings out the best in the bay area.  No haters.  Cafe Van Kleef has my vote for president!
<review# 2141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2008,10/15/2008,330,444,9,12,12>Lately I've been I feeling really depressed about the future of Oakland, but this Farmer's Market is why I like my little 'hood.  It's slow and quite and mellow.  Unlike the Lake Merritt farmers market, there is no overhead span of freeway. Here at JLS Market,  people chat,  Amtrak trains go by, boats sputter along the channel, a vendor calls out 'Sweet Nectarines!' and a smooth jazz artist  plays his sweet, sweet, saxophone on stage by the Barnes and Nobles.  Other more practical points include- -Parking is easy and free-There are good flower vendors. -Tons of craft/art vendors (including lots of cool African American art-you should see the Obama art/crafts)-Great food vendors- the bakery that sells coffee also has these excellent little bread puddings which are delicious. -There are a combination of organic and non-organic vendors.  Price points are cheaper than grocery stores and farm fresh.-You can do all your shopping and then have a drink at Heinholds! I am starting to think one farm has a questionable 'Organic' certification.  The kooky lady others have mentioned always dis-es on these types of shady operations at loud volumes. Cracks me up.
<review# 2142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2008,10/14/2008,44,168,6,8,9>Terrific!  The menu selection is great, I love the variety. Good coffee, good iced tea.  And the food is well prepared. I had the Avocado Quesadilla, who knew avocado and salsa in a quesadilla with a poached egg on top could be so good?  And a side of fruit doesn't mean a bunch of icky honeydew or cantelope.  Hubby had the Proscuitto Benedict and said their hollandaise is the best restaurant one he's had in a very long time, maybe ever.  It was obviously fresh and very filling.  We also got a side of potatoes and they were delicious!  I'm very very happy with the meal overall.  It is a little on the expensive side for breakfast, but we will definitely be coming back regularly!  For certain the best breakfast place we've found so far.
<review# 2143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2008,10/13/2008,116,243,14,14,18>I agree with some of the reviewers that things are pricey here.  But the quality and the variety of their cheese offerings here blow away any grocery store and most specialty shops.  The wine selection is thoughtful and the advice that is included in your purchase makes the wines purchased here a good value.   Comparing this place to Bevmo or Trader Joe is like comparing a fine boutique to an outlet store.I think it's fitting that they keep a database of my purchases since all the booze I have consumed in life has done some serious damage to my memory and all the wine I plan to purchase here and drink will only further that damage.  Anyway, what was I saying?Oh, yeah, and the service is impeccable.  The store is so tastefully designed and beautifully kept that just being inside it makes me happy and relaxed.  And it's only a 2 minute walk from my house (not that that means anything to any of you but it supports my personal 5 star argument so shut up).  My ass and liver are in serious trouble...For a wine-guzzling cheesehead like me, FC&W represents retail therapy in its highest form.
<review# 2144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2008,10/12/2008,251,652,9,11,9>This is my favorite of the Oakland Chevrons, with the 5500 Telegraph location coming up a close second.  I have been brainwashed by (!) into thinking that Chevron actually carries superior gas.  Little did I realize they can be a great deal - this location offers a 10 cent discount/gallon if you pay in cash.  That brings you most days within 2 cents of the Aarco price...only here, there's no mad car shuffle, and the premeses are clean and well-lit, and no one leers at you.  The attendant is always nice.
<review# 2145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2007,10/10/2008,48,11,7,12,10>The best sushi in the bay.  Everyone's skeptical until I finally drag them along and then they shut up quick.  They have to because they can't stop eating!Aki-san serves up the most consistently tasty fish and a lot of comedy as well once you get to know him.  He really is an artist.Must try:kampachiamaebiuni (the best around)tamago (really special treat - you won't find it like this anywhere else)bluefin toro (amazing on a good night)bateira (pressed sushi - and get the mackerel not the salmon)smoked salmon (ask him about his smoked salmon)uni/ika sideNot a huge fan of rolls in general but he does a couple of special ones that are fantastic:negi toro taku an (toro, scallions, pickled daikon)uni ika shiso cu (uni, baby squid, shiso leaf, cucumber)A FEW DO'S and DONT'S:DONT ask for more wasabi - he put the perfect amount in the nigiriDONT remove the serving plate from the bar (he'll get mad)DONT drown your fish  (don't you want to taste it?)DO eat nigir with your hands: put your thumb on the fish, dip a littie FISH in the soy sauce (not the rice) then turn it upside down and put the fish on your tongue.  Enjoy the taste, don't just chew it up and swallow!DONT ask what's good that night (the answer is everything)DO buy him a beer and his wife a glass of white wineAs for some of the other reviews here, don't ever expect the full bar to be open or the tables either.  His son used to work with him and they'd use the full bar, but now you'll have to have some lucky timing to catch his son in town.  Arrive at 10 minutes to 6 and you have a decent chance of being seated at one of the 8 seats they'll open.  Otherwise, don't bother to show up until at least 7:45 and wait a bit for the second round.Don't be put off if he seems like he's trying to talk you out of eating there the moment you walk in the door.  He just wants to make sure you're not going to sit down and expect teriyaki chicken.  Don't be afraid to ask questions and get ready to enjoy an amazing meal...
<review# 2146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2008,10/9/2008,463,976,21,12,10>Me: Honey, I have a confession to make.Hubby: What?Me: I've been cheating on you.Hubby: What!?!?! With whom?Me: Cupcakes, cakes, and other delectables.Hubby: Oh really?!  I already know that....For the past week, I have been hitting up bakeries in the East Bay where I work.  Adeline's was my third stop to yet another bakery!  This time I ordered a macaroon, chocolate flourless cake, and a chocolate cupcake.  The macaroon was light, airy, and delicious!  The chocolate flourless cake was full of chocolatey goodness.  It wasn't too heavy or rich, just right.  The chocolate cupcake was delicious.  I would put it right behind Love at First Bite.  The guy was trying to get me to select the chocolate pudding pie slice but I didn't know how well it was going to hold up on the way home to SJ considering I had other stops to make and it was blazing hot outside.  The prices were reasonable and it's a great spot to stop in for coffee, cookie, or slice of cake.
<review# 2147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2008,10/8/2008,429,327,23,20,25>For the love of god, bring your date HERE. A Cote will house:1 goofy couple, seated side by side, she -- sandals dropped, denimed legs wrapped around his torso.  Each, feeding from:1 Humongous Bowl of Mussels with Pernod; generous, thick slices of soft, crusty bread sopping up savory Pernod and ocean juices;1 Plate of teeny Fromage with heaps of Candied Walnuts, Toasted Almonds, Poached Figs; a Sliced Apple and Walnut Levain;1 Glass of choice Calvados.Her fingers finding the familiar crook in the back of his neck; her lips nuzzling another smooch.  And she, left tasting . . .  Mussels, Pernod & Brandy?!*burp**giggle**le sigh*
<review# 2148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2008,10/7/2008,934,159,32,31,32>I want to move to this neighborhood just so I can taste this place every day and get fat off the gelato. Stopped in here after some Chinese food and let me tell you...what a combo..dairy with some MSG. But really folks...who doesn't like gelato? The Pistachio was amazing...let me have one scoop of that..oh and 2 scoops of the Spearmint Chocolate! Holy crap...it's got real mint in it..at least it tasted like it. I have to go back. The cacao thingy was pretty good too but I'm not really a big chocolate person. The server was really helpful too and they got a sticker that says "Yelp us" which I never saw before.
<review# 2149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2008,10/6/2008,266,222,14,20,22>And a beautiful Sunday it was...We just had one of the most amazing, sunny, bright, warm - who am I kidding: hot - weekends here in the Bay Area and I couldn't think of a better way to spend it than up in the hills at the Tilden Park Steam Trains.A serious blast of nostalgia came over me when we neared the tracks; that train whistle was an all too familiar memory of my childhood and  hearing it from a mile away sent shivers down my back. My hands got clammy, my heart started beating fast and I almost feared going back because I was scared that it wasn't going to be exactly how I remembered it 19 years ago. But it was. It definitely was.My dad used to take my brother and me here almost every weekend when we were little. My god he was a patient man; I remember going around and around and around without realizing that hours had gone by. We laughed and screamed when we went through the tunnel and ooo'ed and awww'ed everytime there was a break in the trees, revealing a picturesque view of the bay. Its breathtaking every time. It was then, and it still is now.I was a lucky little girl.As always, the conductor was smiling, happy, and excited to be part of the memories that these kids - and adults - will carry with them for years. If I had to sum up my childhood to one event, riding these steam trains would be it. And I just found out from the nice woman who was selling tickets that dogs are welcome, and ride for free, as long as they're leashed! We all know what this means; Mochi can come too!!Seeing all those smiling faces was icing on the cake for what turned out to be such a gorgeous weekend. For just one day, one hour, I was able to be a kid again. And it was as wonderful as I ever remember it being (:
<review# 2150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2008,10/5/2008,108,1734,14,21,21>This morning Diane and I met at Rudy's. It was a beautiful, sunny morning.  I found a parking space in their little lot.  The patio was open and there was virtually no wait.  The host seated me before Diane arrived, something I like in restaurants.  The waitress brought me a pot of Peet's Earl Grey tea while I waited.  I had a Rude 'n' Reckless and Diane had a Mediterranean Omelet.  Both good, although my hash browns were just a tad thicker and therefore less crisp than usual.  Because we were outside we didn't get the full benefit of the quirky decor, but there will be winter months when we won't be able to sit outside.
<review# 2151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2008,10/4/2008,66,428,6,6,7>I worked for some time with the wife of the owner and am inclined to give this place 5 stars because of what amazing people they are.  I have definately had some 5 star experiences here.  A dinner for my mom's birthday comes to mind.They have also been quite generous with the church I used to work at by catering church gatherings at a reasonable price and hosting staff luncheons.  They are very supportive to the community.And you can buy a cook book and all the spices you need to use it right at the front desk.  Now that's cool!I do very much enjoy their food and have recommended it to many people.  The ambiance is good, the art on the walls intruiging and the food is good quality.  I wish their menu was more statis since I'm a creature of habit and have not been able to form a habit here, but that's a small thing & I do appreciate that the menu follows the natural rotation of seasonal food.I must admit, however, that the pickled vegetables that they put on the table are down right nasty.  You should've seen the look on Miz Tam's face when she bit into some of them after I told her I didn't like them.  My stomach also had an issue with the extra spicey catfish I got last time.  I really enjoyed it going down, but the second experience was not so hot (or rather was so hot).  Of course these won't prevent me from returning again and again and recommending you to go here.  I will probably just stay on the medium side of spicey, unusual for me.
<review# 2152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2008,10/3/2008,726,863,29,17,23>Peet's Coffee and Tea, We need to talk about "us." Now now, calm down. You know that I have been devoted to you for quite some time. You know that I have defended you to every Dunkin' Donuts and Starbucks drinking loser that I know...including some of my best friends. You know that I walk into work every day with an iced latte, look at my colleagues, point to the bottom blue line on the cup, and tell them that they "are not allowed to make fun of me until the coffee gets to this level." You know this. You know that I love you. You know that I know where every location is, who the best baristas are, where the good parking is, who has the longest hours, who actually has tables to sit at. You know this. You know me as well as I know you. This also means that you also know what a commitment-phobe I am. This means that you also know that I just cannot settle down on one thing. I cannot settle down with one man; you should be impressed that you've been my only coffee for so long.I think we need to have a polyamorous relationship. You need to let me cheat on you with Cafe 504 every once in a while. They are quite close to my house. (I'm sorry baby, but sometimes Kristen is just a little too lazy to make the brave trek to your place.) The shop is not bombarded with breeder yuppie stroller trash. There is never a long line out the door on the weekends with Farmer's Market people. The baristas are beautiful and friendly. They brew Blue Bottle Coffee (most lucrative you know). They use organic ingredients. The cafe is very cozy with adorable local art on the walls and slick furniture. The parking is free (certainly watch for the street sweeping on the 2nd/4th Mon/Tue mornings of the month...$50 parking ticket if you don't), And, I'm just sorry Peet's...they have WiFi. I mean, come on Peet's. How am I supposed to make it as a writer if you don't give me some WiFi?Peet's, I hope you understand. I still love you. You will still be a favorite; you just need to work a little harder.Cheer up Peet's; I would never go Starbucks on you.Hugs and Kisses,KMS
<review# 2153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2008,10/2/2008,90,588,19,15,15>This is a review by a vegetarianThere is sizable evidence of viking exploration to the New World hundreds of years before Columbus' journey. There is also now anecdotal evidence of Leif Ericson's denizens finding the northwest passage and making it all the way to Asia. Remnants of the intermingling of these disparate cultures can be observed in the Fried Tofu with Explosive Chili Pepper at Spices 3 in Oakland's Chinatown. The dish comes in a boat model that looks very Scandinavian, but without the mast. It must have burnt down from the several dozen hot chili's piled atop a mass of crisply fried tofu. This course is a viking funeral for your taste-buds. Even without biting into a pepper, the heat from the lightly breaded tofu cubes permeates human membrane from feet away and induces sweating, blood vessel dilation, and desire to chant the honorable names of those whose have passed to Valhalla due to consumption of this same food on past nights. It made me feel alive before it killed me.In simpler terms: the best tofu dish I can remember ever having at a restaurant, and I've been veggie for 17 years.If "too spicy" means something has Tabasco in it, then try the curried tofu or something with only one or two dots on the handy heat guide on the menu.If "too spicy" to you means eating raw habenero or scotch bonnet, then book passage on the S.S. not-quite-painful. The scallion pancake was also very good. It had some grease to it but was mostly flaky and light. Good balance there and did not require any sauce.The carnivores at our mini-banquet seemed happy with their food but who cares about them. For once, I had the tastiest most satisfying thing on the table.PSThe "stinky" tofu they also serve is aptly named. Only order it if you have a cold or a hankering to feel like you're driving past a fecund pig farm.
<review# 2154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2008,10/1/2008,604,474,10,14,16>Great chocolate. They do it right! They have special chocolate buyers go to the best growers around the world. And they buy beans. The best beans.So Californian ... too bad they sold out to the big boys. But they are still producing chocolate like it should be. Pure goodness and good for you.5 stars for the best dark chocolate made in the USA. The tour is informative and it is a great way to learn how it is made. My husband once spent $50 on Sharffen Berger chocolate to make my birthday cake. It was amazing ... it fed about 30 people and we all still rave about that cake with dark chocolate ganache.  Perfection. It could not have been better!
<review# 2155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2008,9/29/2008,181,176,8,13,12>If you have read any of my reviews you know how important service is to me.  When I lived in San Francisco, I had used plumbers a few times to unclog drains or replace garbage disposals - nothing too major.  Each and every time it was a guy and a van with a bunch of plumbing bins filled with pipes and fittings inside.  The van was non-descript and never clean.  These were one man shop kinds of places - nothing wrong with this.When I move to the East Bay, I met the owners of Mr. Rooter at a Chamber of Commerce event and then met him again through a networking group I was a part of.  When I ultimately had a plumbing problem that needed immediate attention, I called Mr. Rooter. The in-laws were in town and we were running the dishwasher to prepare for dinner and I heard dripping coming from the kitchen.  I went in to find water spewing out of the sink drain and pouring over the edge onto the floor - this was not going to help me make a good impression on my father in law.  I called Mr. Rooter and they sent a guy out right away who diagnosed and fixed the problem in about an hour.By the way, on the service note, we lived at the top of about 45 stairs and every time he came in the house he put little booties on over his boots to protect our floors and every time he left to get something out of the truck he took the booties off and stuffed them into a pocket.  Then, put them right back on before he came back inside.  Is this necessary, NO!  But what a great touch.  Our plumber was a total professional.  He was clean and the van was clean and the booties, come on!Since that time, they have inspected and done work on two different houses for me and have kept things working and helped me conserve water at the same time.  Very important these days you know.
<review# 2156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2008,9/28/2008,1118,942,9,14,14>This is one of my favorite spots for a cheap but delicious lunch in Berkeley. It's a tiny restaurant with a few stools inside and 2 wooden benches outdoors. They feature fresh, organic, & local ingredients. So everything is HEALTHY... (Disclaimer: fried foods and proteins/food products high in fat are not healthy. Follow the recommended USDA dietary guidelines to maintain a balanced nutritional diet).The menu changes monthly and the items I've tried so far have never disappointed me. Lunch items are around $7, dinner items are around $14-18. There's a soup of the day (usually 2 choices) for $4.50, and a salad for $5.95 (add chicken or seafood to make it a meal for $2-3 more). Sides includes potatoes (french fries, potato puffs, potato gratin, & scalloped potatoes) for $4.50, and desserts (a type of pudding, some sort of cake, & a puff pastry) each at $4. They have another store in Oakland, but I haven't tried that place yet (same menu). Last weekend I dropped by Gregoire with a group of 3 for lunch, and we ordered:- Scrambled eggs with asparagus and parmesan cheese on pantofolina bread (sliced hard sweet roll)- Diestel turkey with cheese, tomato and avocado sandwich (normally on toasted white bread, but we asked to substitute it with ciabatta)- Grilled flank steak with julienned green papaya & peanut salad on lavash bread (think of it like a gyro wrap using Korean grilled beef and a Vietnamese salad)- 2 orders of the potato puffs (you get 9 pieces with a "thousand island" type of dipping sauce). Don't wait too long to eat them, best while they're hot.All the lunch boxes came with a small serving of couscous. We shared our food. Everything was AWESOME!!!I think that these potato puffs are better (and larger, like a golf ball) than similar versions at Le Charm in SF. Also this boxed food-to-go operation is more consistent and SUPERIOR in quality than Boxed Foods Co. in SF.They are located in Berkeley's "Gourmet Ghetto" area, on the cross street near Cha-Am Thai Restaurant and Chez Panisse. You'll notice the restaurant's blue awning on Cedar street (right side), as you walk along Shattuck Avenue past the Elephant Pharmacy. Highly recommended!
<review# 2157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2008,9/27/2008,221,219,38,33,34>It's very likely that the bartenders here think I'm a hooker. If not a hooker, then a loose woman with bad taste in men. While that's only partially true, I can't really blame them for that assumption.The Alley is a great place to bring unsuspecting first dates to gauge their reaction. Are they uncomfortable? Is his mind racing? Is he asking himself, "Oh, fuck, where is the fire exit? Is a $10 steak dinner safe to eat?"If he's into it, he might get a second date. If one of the scatterbrained bartenders likes him, then he'll probably get a blow job out of it. This is my system and I'm sticking to it!People call The Alley a dive bar but I like to call it home. Everyone here is so nice, and the drinks are fucking STRONG. This is one of the few bars I can go to and be a "cheap date" at. Two Jack and Cokes and I'm tipsy and giggling like a skanky co-ed. If you don't sing, you can sit back in a corner and watch people sing. Usually they're really good.If you DO sing or just THINK you can sing, sidle up to my man Rod Dibble at the piano and he'll play some showtunes for you.Oh, yeah. They serve dinner, too! I came here on one of my many dates and ordered a steak sandwich. It was a piece of steak on bread with mayo. That's all it was. I loved it. It's dark, weird, and way dirty in The Alley. If my brain could turn into a bar, it might be The Alley.
<review# 2158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2008,9/26/2008,1111,645,15,10,14>Berkeley and Blondie's go together like Berkeley and tree sitters. You can't have one without the other. It's also a love/hate relationship. Both get the press and the emotions run high because like tree sitters, you either love or hate Blondie's. No middle ground here.The line is long. The help is fast. The slices are large and the homeless are many. But in spite of the dangers, I luv my pizza so this is a big time stop whenever I can find a parking spot for my car. That's the issue, parking.So whenever you are in Berkeley and find a place to park your vehicle, stop by Blondie's. It isn't THE BEST pizza in the world but it's not the worst either. Just stomach filling, hunger-killing greasy drip-down-your-arm grub to soothe your hunger jag.Then walk away over to TopDog and do the hot link. Not many can double up on hard gastric goodness or badness depending on your culinary point-of-view.
<review# 2159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2008,9/25/2008,252,388,18,24,24>Leaving BART and walking to the El Cerrito Plaza, you have to walk around the whole plaza to find Mel-O-Dee ... but it's worth it.The decor has not changed since the early 70s but it is so warm and cozy. My family had the same swivel chairs in our kitchen from that time period maybe that is why. I could have sat there all night drinking ... wait, I did.There was a special drink that night because it was so hot. For $4 it was worth it, juice and rum and Midori. When she ran out of Midori, she made us another special, the "Rum Runner" which was equally as good and was welcomed on such a hot night. The bartender was very personable and was quick and efficient.Karaoke was fun but I didn't sing because they did not have The Cure, Beastie Boys, or "Tainted Love". After not finding songs I liked, I became disenchanted and resolved myself to chair dancing and singing which was pretty fun in itself.Would I come back -- YES. Would I bring my friends -- YES. If I lived near El Cerrito BART, I would make Mel-O-Dee my local.
<review# 2160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2008,9/24/2008,120,177,4,9,6>There are so many good neighborhood restaurants in Oakland, and Dopo is no exception.  I finally had a chance to come here after hearing so many good things.  Although this place doesn't have a reservation policy, there may be open seats at the bar if you don't want to wait. Food:  5 stars.  Food here is pretty darn good, especially given the cheap prices and the constantly changing menu.  I ordered the scallop sausage as my starter and found it to be exceptional and full of zest.  The tortellini was really fresh and sublime - too bad the portions weren't larger.  I also tried my friend's wild nettle pizza and enjoyed the simple thin crust and authentic flavors.  The highlight of the evening was the zeppole (fried donut holes) for dessert - perfection.   Service:  4 stars.  Our server had a playful demeanor (to the point that my friend became irritated), but I didn't mind.  She was serious when it mattered (by being spot-on in her recommendations when we ordered).  Service slowed down a bit towards the end of the meal, however.Atmosphere:  4 stars.  The restaurant expanded its space to try to accommodate the demand, but that did not eliminate the crowds of people waiting outside for a table on any given night.  There are good seats (the ones that view the open kitchen where you can watch the action) and bad seats (the ones that have you staring at a wall).  Beggars can't be choosers.  The crowd is an even mix of young and old, although some of the older customers creep me out.  This one older couple kept staring at my friend and I, so we did what came naturally - we stared back until they looked away.Hits:   Scallop sausage, tortellini, zeppole.Misses:   No reservation policy, curiosity killed the old people.If You Like This Place, You'd Probably Like:  Pizzaiolo, Pizza Antica, Pizzeria Delfina
<review# 2161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2008,9/23/2008,669,1022,9,16,12>Chicken soup.  I get it now.  All my other chicken soup reviews can go out the window. Ok, I won't go that far.  But today was definitely revelatory.  You know the feeling after a good meal, you feel lighter on your feet. You get in the car, turn the radio up, find a rock ballad, and sing along without knowing the words... umm well, that might just be me.Anyway, back to the food.  I ordered the combination chicken noodle soup with intestines - intestines really being just heart, liver, and gizzard.Most Pho places around town seem to serve the same salty chicken broth (bullion perhaps?). Huong Que's broth was more homemade, with just the right amount of salt and ginger flavor, and very rich chicken flavor. No garnishes served here, just blanched bean sprouts. The broth needs nothing anyway.The *fresh* ho fun noodles were also excellent, I hadn't had ones these silky in a while. They were PERFECT in the soup.The chicken pieces were all still moist and tender. The innards were good as well. Nicely cooked liver (with less of that livery flavor, I think they pre-soak it before cooking), tender hearts, and chewy gizzards. The unborn eggs are the best I've tried, nice texture and flavor. They're really like small egg yolks.The scallion/ginger sauce tied everything together. I hardly used the Sriracha I squeezed onto a side dish. I found it overwhelmed the delicateness of the soup. The soup didn't need a thing. It's literally perfect the way it's served.For the unadventurous, you can order the soup with all thighs, or all breast meat, or even boneless.  If you're in Oakland and craving chicken soup, come here now.  Just don't laugh when you see me driving in the car.
<review# 2162,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/14/2008,9/21/2008,301,844,19,16,18>Apparently, our reputation for rowdiness preceded us. When I showed up early for DYL, the bartender pointed me to the CAGE upstairs! (Cyclone fencing encloses the upper level so your drunk self doesn't fall 15 feet.) Still, he was cool about giving us a deal on well drinks and let us drag extra tables and stools upstairs. Later in the evening, the heat of the room and the Yelpers led us all to move back downstairs. The bartender pointed out that Radio "is a neighborhood bar--no food, no coffee, no mojitos, no blender." Reminded me of Coyote Ugly's policy on booze--"[We only have] Jim, Jack, Johnny Red, Johnny Black, and Jose; all my favorite men. You can have it any way you like it, as long as it comes in a shot glass." Radio at least has a full bar selection, as long as you don't need many mixers or high-end liquor.Overall, decent place for a drink less than a block from 12th Street BART.
<review# 2163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2008,9/20/2008,184,198,7,17,13>Can't believe this hasn't yet been reviewed.  It should definitely be in a Best of Berkeley.  As a teacher, I don't get paid during the summer, unless I opt to reduce my already minuscule paycheck to even less in order to spread it out over 12 months instead of 9.  So I look for summer work, and this year I found Monkey Business. I can't yet say what it would be like to be here as a camper, because my son has never been, but I am awestruck by the care these people take to make sure their employees are prepared to work with children.  You must have your first aid & CPR up to date, natch, which means 2 days of all-day class.  Then you have a leadership workshop, so that you can handle not only children, but also the younger counselors & CIT's - all day, again.  After that come 3 full days, 9 hours each, of training in non-violent communication, games & songs, bias awareness, logistics, and more, and finally a day on site to scope out potential problems and general setup.  The most remarkable part of this is that you are paid full salary for all of this training.The equipment is top notch, every box for every art project clearly labeled with all ingredients for the task and clear instructions inside.  There are clipboards, curriculum sheets, plenty of writing implements, games, balls, everything is pristine and conscious.  The women who began the camp love, love, LOVE the kids, and are all about spreading love, environmental consciousness, and respect into the community.  I am absolutely honored to be a part of this particular group, with counselors and site directors who are every bit as evolved and wonderful as the founders.  If you haven't sent your child to Monkey Business Summer Camp before, check it out!
<review# 2164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2007,9/19/2008,48,195,15,7,7>I'm afraid of clowns. And mimes. Nearly everyone that knows me well knows that I have this fear. I normally play this off as if it were essentially a joke ("Ha ha, yeah, who isn't afraid of clowns? Big shoes and all. Freaky."). But clowns really do disturb me at some deep level. When I see clowns, I start wondering things like: What could possibly have led them to become a clown? Do they ever take off the costume? Do they date other clowns? Do they have co-ed dorms at clown college, and do 30 clowns sleep in one small room? These questions just make it all worse.At this point you might be wondering, why is he talking about clowns? Isn't this a review of a bagel place? Well, the answer is very simple. Nearly every time I come here, there is a clown eating here. The same clown, of course; it isn't like Boogie Woogie Bagel Boy is some sort of clown hangout. So look, the bagels are really great, my favorite in the entire Bay Area (especially the onion bagels), the people are really sweet, blah blah blah. What really counts is this: (1) a clown eats here, and (2) it doesn't deter me from coming back. That should say it all.
<review# 2165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2008,9/18/2008,610,620,31,30,29>"It's the next block.""Wait, no - it's the next one.""Oops, I promise it's the next one.""Wait. ? Did I go right by it?""No, there it is, the next one."Hey, we found it!*15 minutes later*Incoming text: "where is this place? I'm lost!"Outgoing call: "Where are you at - can you see Staples?  Pegasus Books?""Oh! I see you now, I was on the other side of Shattuck."*In my best Mr. Mayagi voice*:You are not so easy to find Thalassa-sawn.Once you do figure out the treasure map and make your way into the gold building - with the soft glow of a neon Martini glass - you realize it was worth every effort.Strong pours, plenty of bartenders, tons of tables, comfortable seating, an awesome outdoor patio and oceans of pool tables.  I brought in cookies & brownies, a friend brought in ice cream and we saw someone carry in a pizza.  They were cool with it all.It was tough to really observe anyone outside of our massive entourage but everyone I did run across seemed really cool & fun.Had a great time Thalassa - will be back soon!side note:  There's another bathroom up the stairs - head towards all the pool tables and make a right.
<review# 2166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2008,9/17/2008,31,73,15,12,13>Come here for the salads...that is what they are known for.  The sandwiches, while tasty, serve only as a distraction.For the uninitiated, the salads are served in a medieval trough of a bowl.  Veggie freshness overfloweth, and eventually, it will overfloweth onto your lap and fly onto those dining in your blast radius.  But no matter, everyone is enjoying their food and doing the same..."Flight of the Valkyries" is an appropriate soundtrack to the orgiastic mastication of non-meat.  The floor is covered in detritus but you don't care because you fought hard for your seat in an area where there are only 2 flies buzzing overhead instead of 7.  The homemade honey wheat bread is a fitting accompaniment to your salad.  You'll just wish you hadn't eaten so much of it because your salad never seems to disappear.  Cucumbers, carrots, garbanzos, kidney beans...they just keep reappearing.  Can you try to finish?  A wise little green man once said:  "Do, or do not.  There is no try."
<review# 2167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2008,9/16/2008,196,9,22,25,26>Almost every Saturday and Sunday you can find me here at about 8am; when only a few regulars are quietly seated at a table positioned in the corner with a laptop or book taking up their attention.Quiet, excellent service, and the coffee blows any other "trendy" coffee shop out of the water. No more petes or starbucks ever. One sip of this delicious non-crank coffee and you will get all your sunday errands done with time to spare! No come down. No icky residue left in your mouth.I would only be sad if I moved out of this neighborhood because I'll miss the beanery.
<review# 2168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2008,9/15/2008,172,375,21,20,15>******ATTENTION FELLOW CRIXA-CRACK HEADS*****DANGER!!! DANGER!!! DANGER!!!  Crixa Cakes is CLOSING....*collective gasp*....for two weeks, beginning July 27th!!!!That's right, it's vacation time for our beloved crew at Crixa Cakes and while that is great news for them, it's going to be a DESPERATE two weeks for those of us who are addicts.  That said, get over to Crixa A * S * A * P  to get your last fix BEFORE close of business on Saturday, 'cuz they won't reopen until Friday, August 8th.  If you can't get to Crixa to stock your freezer before they go on holiday, Berkeley Addiction Treatment Services is located at 2975 Sacramento Street.  ....Now, about that Boston Cream Pie that I tried today ($5.85) ...it was pretty good, but it's their shortbread cookie that makes my toes curl with every bite ($1.85)~Seriously....I get tingly just thinking about it!
<review# 2169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2008,9/14/2008,423,725,11,14,17>In the so-hip-it-hurts category (and I DO recommend a category for this on Yelp) and in the is-Rockridge-ready-for-this? category, Water Lounge is the segment leader.  Now, I'm not part of the hipster elite, but it's kind of not that hard in Rockridge where there's a baby on every other arm and dumb rowdy college kids as far as the other eye can see.  You more or less just have to be single, not over, say, 45, (see?  that's me giving myself 11 more years to be hip.  I treat myself from time to time.) wear a modicum of dark clothing, and not look like a marine.And, straight off our Vancouver trip, we were feeling like international jet-setting hipsters, so we were ready to lay some culture down.  And we did.  And were treated in turn to a gorgeous French classic film that any male model (it's true, I admit it, I am a Handsome Boy Modeling School graduate) can get tips from.And, a beautiful international couple that I had just sold a MacBook Air to  yesterday had just come out of the place, AND the lovely Jennifer R. of Yelp and her beau were checking it out, so it was meant to be.  (it's true, Jennifer R. CAN be found in Rockridge.  I dare you to play "Where's Jennifer R." on any given night. ;-) )We sat down, found a seating arrangement (it can be musical chairs in there, but with the DJ spinning, it's OK.  When the music stops, sit your ass down!)  and waited quite a while for our drink order.  She had a red wine, and I had a Rye Manhattan. "what?" asked the server.  So I proceeded to tell her what a rye manhattan was - i.e., one of the most classic drinks you can order, just made with rye instead of bourbon (corn) or whiskey (barley, wheat).  The rough, jangly taste of the rye works perfectly with the sweetness of the vermouth and gives it depth.  And I mainly ordered it because they have an excellent selection of rye whiskey.  It ended up being Old Overholt, which is fine, although I did notice some confusion from the bartender and server over which whiskey to choose. ;-)  By the way, you can still get a PBR for $2, so if you're coming from or going to Rudy's Can't Fail, you can keep the momentum going.The DJ was terrific, laying down beats and mashups that were the perfect complement to the French film Le Samourai (colorized) playing in the background as well as the later Vertigo. (colorized)  You haven't lived until you've seen Jimmy Stewart tooling around SF to some funky beats, or to a modelesque, effeminate French hitman killing with savoir-faire!And they serve Death in the Afternoon, a champagne-absinthe cocktail (made with St. George's from Alameda, I presume, since they have that absinthe on their menu), so I had one of those as my second drink.  magnifique!The best part of the evening may have been the Rockridge passers-by peering in through the square peepholes in the windows.  You feel like you are in a hipster fishbowl as the Rockridge Parents' Association bends down to gawk at the indie-gentsia.  It's like they can peep in on SF without ever having to go there! ;-)It really is a 5-star place, just the slow service (it was hard at the bar and at a table to get prompt service at first) and the musical chairs game (there are not enough chairs to go around) made it a little tough to get comfortable at first.  But I think we found a new default go-to place in Rockridge and a place to lure our visiting SF friends to!
<review# 2170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2007,9/13/2008,59,135,3,8,9>Don't let the location throw you off.  Yes, it's kinda sketchy, with the lil market next door and the feel of a restaurant that was converted too quickly.  But, the murals on the walls warm the place up a bit.  And the unique chairs and tables give the place a different feel.  Don't be afraid to try this place out.I love me some Chicken Tikka Masala.  99% of the time, if I'm trying a restaurant for the first time and Chicken Tikka Masala is on the menu, I'm gonna order it.  I was excited to see that Indus Village has a few combo plates with it included.  I ordered the Indus Combo (#40) and asked them to make it spicy.  Spinach and potatoes, basmati rice, naan, and chicken tikka masala.  Everything was really good.  Naan was so fresh it was too hot to hold.  There were only 4 small chunks of meat, I wish it came with a little more chicken.  But, the flavor was great, one of the best tikka masalas I've tried.  Next time I'm going to ask for them to make it VERY spicy. Combos come with free chai tea.  All that for under $10 (tax&tip incl.) is a deal.
<review# 2171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2008,9/12/2008,412,837,4,10,9>Well, another 5 stars!!!Went tonite for my birthday. Great service. The waitstaff which includes the co-owners is fabulous. Really attentive, friendly, personable. I really likes the food also. It's typical fusion cuisine--they do it well. Carpaccio, tuna tartare, mussels in a lemon grass garlic broth. My favorite was the unagi. Better than any sushi place I've been to. I also got some plain kimchi--not on the menu per se. Loved it.Great beer, great sake!This is Alameda???Yes, it's where I live!!!
<review# 2172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2008,9/11/2008,1429,411,10,13,14>Anytime you find a spot with a great view of the Bay Area you gotta love it...This little rock is slightly hidden a few blocks away from Solano Ave., in the middle of a residential area. The rock isn't terribly difficult to climb from the front side-- but it is a little more tricky from the back.Once you get up it's a nice view of the east bay, giving you a straight away shot looking right at the Golden Gate Bridge. You can kinda also see the west side of SF from this view, which is cool. I would give it 5 stars(because i love views of the Bay Area) but the sides are blocked off by trees, so it's not a very commanding view... and also, if you do bring kids here, take them up the trail in the front of the rock and be careful!
<review# 2173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2008,9/10/2008,455,290,35,21,23>The Ruby Room is the darkest bar in the free world.  Who are you talking to?  Could be Olivier Martinez, could be Boss Hogg... you don't know, 'cause you can't see them.  I went here in the daytime recently (because I am THIS close to being involuntarily checked in to St. Helena Health Center) and the eye adjustment from outside to in was crazy -- like blacking out almost.  Or like going in that tunnel thing at the Exploratorium.  If that tunnel thing smelled like stale smoke and had a few red spotlights pointed at a wall of liquor bottles.  Seriously, that's the only thing you can see in there.  Stage lit hooch.  So there's no doubt as to the star of this show.  Considering how dark it is, it's pretty clean in there.  I think.  Nice crowd, good bartenders.  And the drinks were strong like bear.Word to the wise: the women's bathroom door PUSHES in.  More than a fire code violation, this trick feature had me standing there about to girly rain my pants and wondering what ungodly things were going on in there for what seemed like an eternity... until a 510 mama took pity on me and showed me the ropes.  To the MAN who hung this door: real funny, ass clown.
<review# 2174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2008,9/9/2008,341,458,12,17,15>This review strives to be useful, but there's not a bit of funny or cool in it.  Sorry about that, my funny and cool juices are just not flowing today.THE HOTEL***1/2The hotel is lovely, and there is a relaxing outdoor courtyard in the center of the hotel with a fountain and shaded tables and chairs.  The staff was very pleasant and helpful.The room is very nice, but I had to remove a half star for not having in room hair dryer and coffee pot.  They do offer morning room service coffee for $5 a person.  The showers have good heat, water pressure and the wide shower head I love.  The bed was very, very comfortable.  The mini bar only had one of each of four types of beers for $5 each, which I though was a little odd.THE BAR****Very friendly service, even though they close at 1am and we arrived just at last call.  The drinks are generous and well made.  The seating is comfortable and the tables are not too close together, so it feels intimate.  They allowed us to bring back a couple of beers to drink in our room or the courtyard.THE BRUNCH****It starts with coffee or tea and your choice of champagne, sparkling cider or fresh squeezed juice.  Then you head to the cold appetizer buffet, loaded with delicious seafood, salads (including a wonderful sesame noodle), cheeses, fruit.  Nearly everything we tried here was above average.  You have a choice of 5 entrees, ranging from gourmet to traditional.  We both tried the eggs benedict.  As the server checked back with us shortly after they were delivered, he noticed that my husband's poached eggs were slightly overcooked and offered to replace it... no prompting from us.  He was extremely  knowledgeable and courteous.  We both enjoyed our entrees.Then there is a dessert buffet, with all house made pastries and desserts.  We only had room to try a little, but the raspberry mousse and creme brulee were exquisite, really.  Save room.The brunch is served at a leisurely pace, so make sure to allow time for it.Sunday Brunch comes with some room packages, or is $39/person.  (Kid prices available)Did not try the pool or the spa.
<review# 2175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2008,9/8/2008,43,141,10,14,10>The magical soul food vegan lady has finally opened a restaurant so us vegans can get our soul food fix every day of the week.I was so excited to visit this bare-bones, but quaint, little joint in downtown Oakland last week. As my companion ordered the crispy tofu plate with a side of potato salad I said to him, "Cool, we can share that side." His response, "Hell no," which I found to be a bit rude since I was paying for dinner. However, I thanked him later because the stuff is so damn good you want it all to yourself.I believe that it's the owner's son who works the front counter. Lovely chap who talked me into purchasing the homemade strawberry ginger drink after I tried to order a bottle of water. I am easily manipulated when it comes to my two greatest weaknesses-vegan food and [CENSORED].I had the BBQ tofu plate (comes with greens & potato salad) which was absolutely amazing. They really need to bottle their sauce and sell it. The tofu was cooked perfectly chewy. I'm not a huge fan of greens but there's something smoky in it that's really tasty. The potato salad? I've only had one other, "I can't believe it's vegan," experience at a restaurant. It's the fluffiest, most mind-blowing, potato salad I've ever had. I ate the entire side of the mac & cheese I ordered which is pretty amazing since the portions are huge. I was able to sample my friend's crispy tofu only after I traded him a chunk of BBQ tofu and the texture is really amazing-breaded and super crispy. He also allowed me to try his lemonade which I liked better than the strawberry ginger juice. We were too full to try the cobbler but that's on my list for the next visit along with the crispy tofu burger.Did I mention the portions? You totally get your money's worth at Souley Vegan-I had enough leftovers to share with 3 people at work the next day. I had 3 coworkers who are originally from the south and know their soul food and all of them gave their southern stamp of approval.
<review# 2176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2008,9/7/2008,441,626,17,14,15>If Yelp existed in the year 2000 I would have been just as into it is as I am now, and assuming it existed I would have been First to Review Wat Mongkolratanaram, and it probably would have been my first review.As it stands, in point of fact, I'm reviewer 220 and it's my 500th. Things change. At that time I was a brand new college grad entering the job market about a year and a half after the dot com thing. While all of my friends, who were good soldiers and graduated on time, were making fistfuls of cash to drink from the company keg at 2pm every Friday, I was the broke dude with an expensive "cultural studies" degree from a little college in NYC that no one has ever heard of. Looking back, I'm not even sure it was accredited. So I was in San Francisco, living with friends in a former saloon on Rhode Island St. My bedroom had a three and a half foot ceiling and a draft from the bar's swinging doors. It was great.Living in a hovel in the East Village before that I learned a thing or two about house guests. What to look for and what warrants ending a friendship.1. A good guest should have their own transportation.2. A good guest never shows up wasted after 3am, and rings your doorbell incessantly.3. A good guest realizes that showers are different everywhere and insures that water is set to run out of the bath faucet rather than from the shower after they're done.4. A good guest leaves their sleeping area tidier than when they arrived.5. A good guest doesn't sleep with girls you are courting.6. A good guest will take you out for at least one meal during their stay.7. A good guest has done their research before they come visiting and never asks "what's there to do around here?"So when we had our first guests at the saloon I had these factors in mind. Turns out these were great guests, because:1. A great guest will teach you something new about your hometown.In this case Wat Mongkolratanaram.On their last day in town these great guests mentioned this Thai temple that serves Thai food in Berkeley they'd heard about."Impossible," I told them, "If such a thing existed, I'd know about it."Still, I was intrigued so we hopped in their rental car and headed to Berkeley.What we discovered would be become an integral part--arguably the only part--of my early post college routine.Every Sunday for nearly two years I went to Wat Mongkolratanaram, or as many people know it, "Thai Brunch." And if you know it as Thai Brunch you have no merit in my book. It's "Thai Breakfast" end of story.I spent many early Sundays, some times as early as 8am, chowing down on the goodness there. Curries, whole fishes, papaya salad, mango and sticky rice, other weird stuff I'm not even sure about. And on top of that I've hung out with the monks (turns out they're just like other people) and experienced all sorts of fun Thai traditions. I'll admit that in recent years it's changed (what hasn't?) but it definitely doesn't suck. It's gotten way more crowded and they don't open so early in the morning, but it's still cool.To those of you who complain about the portions there's a really simple answer: You just don't have a Thai heart. I've been told repeatedly that I do, and my plates are always big. And if you don't have a Thai heart, or at least a Thai last name, what business do you have bitching about how Thai people run their charitable organizations? Be a good guest for Christ's sake and shut the f**k up. Right?
<review# 2177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2008,9/6/2008,298,127,16,14,17>Daddy likes this bar.The atmosphere is excellent and unique. It has that perfect lounge feel. The drinks are poured heavy and lethal.The kicker is the dj. He spins fantastic 80's tracks and the noise level is perfect. It is loud enough to pump up the room, but quiet enough to keep your from screaming at the person two inches from your face.I have a feeling that the bartenders will become very familar with me in the near future.Haiku HotnessSeductively Dark.Hot damn! That a good strong drink.I just wanna dance !Talent Level: I rolled with Trey and Crystal, so all other talent was eclipsed.
<review# 2178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2008,9/4/2008,8,13,10,12,12>Who am I to buck a trend: 5 stars. Even if biking and running has made your physique slightly kangarooesque the Slashonas will fit you into some sexy jeans. Superbly friendly service: I felt maybe I was hoggin' Julie's time at the expense of the other customers, but lo they waited, knowing their time in the fitting room's spotlight was nigh. Reading the other reviews I knowed I would have some fitting and selecting aid, so when I went upstairs I just surrendered, " I need some jeans, dark stiff ones. I'm shaped like a meaty old greyhound and I only want to spend $200. Can you help me?" Three pairs and a belt later I was ready to go downstairs to the "vintage" section where I set a limit of $0 (zero dollars). Two hundred more dollars later I was on may way home with 5 pairs of jeans a sweatshirt and a belt feeling pretty great about the whole experience. Go here first. These are your neighbors. They own a business and they want you to leave happy and satisfied. Every business could learn a lesson from a trip to Slash.
<review# 2179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2008,9/3/2008,501,1477,18,17,19>The food and service are about a 3 but the Sake Santa bumps it up an extra star.  He is like ninja.I had a long day ahead of me on Monday so when I met up with a friend on Sunday for dinner, I didn't want to drink too much.  The Sake Santa came over and told us about the cedar box, the sake and how to drink it with the sea salt.  He made us demonstrate we understood what he was saying before he went away.  As soon as I took a sip, there he was to refill.After I realized that a fill up after every sip could make it a very long night, I covered the top with my hand after each sip.  I looked around to make sure he was not nearby and moved my hand only when I was sure I was safe.  A second after I did so, he appeared out of nowhere and refilled my cup again. We had some rolls but they took forever to come out.  When we needed a refill on tea, they forgot until we asked again.  The place was packed but I don't like waiting.  I wouldn't come back just for the food but if I feel like drinking a lot of Ozeki for $3.50, this is the spot to be.
<review# 2180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2008,9/2/2008,371,281,47,33,32>My good friend Devil G., I mean Rachel G., has this mirror that looks into the depths of your soul and magnifies all the horrible things you ever done in your life.I took a peek the other day and got a glimpse at how my skin has been reacting to the events of my life the past few months. As I stared, horrified, I swore I saw the face of my ex-boss/sociopathic hose beast glaring up at me from one particularly clogged pore. At that moment I decided it was time for me to sign myself up for my very first facial.I found Ellen Olson and her glowing reviews and with a few clickity clicks and tappity taps of the keyboard I was booked.The atmosphere was quaint and relaxing and Ellen was as friendly and welcoming as can be. She pointed out the water and told me to take my top off (I know how important this details is to all you gentleman folk) and get in the bed.I did as instructed and Ellen let the pampering began.You ever go to those haunted houses at Halloween where you're blind folded and told to put your hands in mystery bowls? You're told you're touching brains and eye balls, but you really have your hand in the peeled grape dish.That is sort of what getting a facial was like. Sammy's inner dialog as she gets a facial:"Oooooh, what is that on my face? It's warm and a little rough. Is it tongues? I bet it's tongues. That's weird, I wasn't really expecting her to put tongues on me, but if that's how facials go, then tongue away.""Shit, that blast of warm air scared the crap out of me. Now that I'm used to it it feels nice. It makes my skin feel like it's taking big breaths. What is that? Is that monster breath? It sure feels like monster breath?"Ok, I totally can guess this one. It's jam, isn't it? It is soooo jam. Like some kind of raspberry jam. Mmmm, smells delicious. I wonder if Ellen will notice if I lick my face for a minute.""Those probably are cucumbers on my eyes but for all I know they could be mochi. Man, I should have eaten lunch. My face is all kinds of delicious and all I can do is just sit here and have this lady extract all the sludge from my pores."It was a lovely experience and I can't wait to go back and experience a full facial (I got the mini 30 minute one for my first time). Monster breath is intoxicating and that zapper thing that smells like pennies totally worked wonders on my blocked up, stress filled, ex boss squatting pours.
<review# 2181,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/11/2008,9/1/2008,278,355,18,13,14>I have never been so hungry in my life.  Even after swimming a mile, biking 56 miles and running 13 miles I wasn't this hungry.  I mean, post race they served us Little Cesaer's pizza and I could barely eat half a slice.  Yeah it was that bad.But post-DYK, after leisurely strolling 4 miles, sitting by a lake, then strolling/running the 4 miles back, I don't know what happened but I was a ravenous dog... apologies to the dogs.  So take this review with a grain of salt, I would've eaten the dog's food.  I would've eaten the dog too.Lots of rolls.  I don't normally like avocado on my sushi.  It was fine.  I don't normally like raw salmon.  It was fine.  I ate my 1/7 of each roll often before the plate hit the table.  I drank all my water and my tea.  I even ate all the pickled ginger.  The Lion King roll had a honking piece of cooked salmon on top.  I wanted to pour shoyu on top and eat it like a cupcake.   Otherwise I'd be hard-pressed to pick a best roll, they barely touched my tongue.  I was not a fan of the Sakura roll... looked cute though.The tempura icecream was a huge ball of green tea ice cream.  Good.  The outside was gooey.  Bad.  But on this day, it was fine.Food is 3 stars.  Yeah its not really Japanese sushi, but if you've been stranded on a desert island or your tapeworm has been acting up, come here.  You will be happy.  And so will your dog.  Woof!
<review# 2182,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/22/2008,8/31/2008,1948,4780,7,9,7>3.5 StarsThanks to decoux d for suggesting that I try the Great American BBQ Co.  A friend of mine from work who also lives in Alameda has gone here and liked it.  Heading towards Alameda, it's immediately on the right side of road at the foot of the High Street Bridge.  It's easy to miss if you blink.  My son and I were heading back home from the Airport and claiming that he was starving and on death's door again (yeh I know), I suggested one of his favourites - ribs plus mac and cheese.  So off we went in search of the High Street Bridge.I ordered the brisket and my son ordered the ribs, both with mild sauce.  The meats were very very tasty and in the right balance with the sauce (next time though we'll try a spicer sauce).  I thought my sides of potato salad and beans were OK and my son devoured the mac and cheese.  He didn't eat much of the mashed potatoes to to his failed experiment with mixing it with the BBQ sauce.  Portions are very generous and my hungry boy couldn't finish it all.  Our dog really appreciated that!So after this meal, I can assure Hank J. that the BBQ here is very good and can be enjoyed by those in or out of a retirement home!The BBQ roadhouse atmosphere was comfortable and I thought the place was clean enough.  The guys up front taking orders were friendly, helpful, and made it a point to thank me for putting money in the tip jar.Please note that this restaurant is in the process of getting their liquor license and for now alcohol is not available.  Yelpers (including Hank J.) can rest assured that this is no retirement home BBQ!  It is an equal opportunity BBQ.
<review# 2183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2008,8/30/2008,630,81,25,16,18>I became a mani/pedi queen a couple of months ago, and I love it. Not only are my fingertips crazy pretty with jade green or glittery blue, but (and not kidding here) one out of every three women I run into compliments them. I'm going to start wearing makeup next. Seriously. Girls like boys who look like girls (thanks, Blur!).(Dear straight men of SF: light transvestism is the future. Possibly even the present. Get on it. Also stop wearing boxers. And flippies if you don't get pedis. Bonus hint: girls go batshit when you wear their panties.)Of the places I've been, Modern Nail is definitely the best. They don't have "massage" chairs, which aren't just tacky, they're the closet thing that exists outside the armory in terms of machines that are out to rape you. What they have is genuinely comfortable chairs. Like you kind of want to pass out.And they soak your feet in the standard green water, but theirs has coffee beans floating in it, which I'm betting do something other than look sort of fancy, but I pretended that my tootsies were getting amped up.The people working there don't make you feel like you have someone's desperate grandmother eking out a sub-living wage by angrily "massaging" your arms. Which is sad and kind of Sally Struthers-y ("That's right! For just $25/week- the price of two cups of Ritual Coffee, you can support a Korean grandmother just like this woman here." Cut to a angry, elderly woman wearing flip flops and bright red lipstick, filing someone's nails, eating gruel and wiping flies from her eyelids), and they don't really do it here, which is nice.(Also: dear nail salons of SF and probably everywhere else: enough with the "massaging." We know you hate doing it, and it makes us feel awkward, so why not skip it? If I wanted a massage, I'd go to a massage-a-torium, and I wouldn't ask them to do my nails. Cut it out.) And the application lasts forever. I have no idea why some places start coming off three seconds after you leave and some last through thermonuclear war, but these are the latter. Plus you can get Blue Bottle Coffee next door to sip on while your fingers are getting coiffed, which is a +5 on the SF smugscale so yay.
<review# 2184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2007,8/28/2008,95,11,25,41,40>Fellas! If you want to score some brownie points with your girl, Gondola Servizio is the way to go. Ask any woman what her dream vacation is and she'll probably tell you 3 places in Europe. One of them being Italy. Well if you can't afford to bring your girl to Italy. Bring Italy to your girl!Gondola Servizio is the perfect date. Just go to their website at gondolaservizio.com and book a reservation for 2. You won't regret it, I swear!The gondola ride was one of the best dates my wife and I have ever had. You ride in this authentic gondola built in Italy around Lake Merritt.I brought some wine, cheese and crackers along to snack on. The captain will sing songs in Italian, giving the experience that extra special romance. If you book your ride around sunset, you get the bonus of the beautiful sunset and the Lake Merritt lights.Tell your girl to drop all her plans for the night. You got something you want to show her. Don't tell her what. Just show up to Gondola Servizio, and watch her mouth drop.So lets recap:gondolaservizio.com Book reservations for 2Show up surprising you womanWine and cheeseItalian man singing Italian love songsSunsetLake Merritt lightsYou Can't Lose!Enjoy!
<review# 2185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2007,8/27/2008,744,496,10,8,15>Chez Panisse, Mecca - Welcome to the Holy Land of Food!Last night I took my sweetie, hottie honey to the ghetto for her birthday.  Gourmet Ghetto that is.  Yeah, this is the smokin' first-date chica from the A Cote review from a few months back...  More than even then, I'm all into her and shxt, so the nuclear option was viable - full-on, un-cut, the Chez Panisse Restaurant.  The Gourmet Ghetto's Finest, Yo!  The Cafe is 5-star, I've know that since I had my all-time fried chicken experience there.  How-evar, I hadn't never been downstairs where they keep the plutonium and shxt...how come this scale won't go up anotha notch when you need to give a place 6 stars?!All I can say is that I feel so sorrrrrry for the sad azz mf's who somehow received, perceived or imaginived a 3-star or less experience here.  Bad karma, I guess.  For this is as off the hook shxt as can be found on this planet.Service off the top:As good as it gets.  From easy Internet interface where they post the menus in the prior week, to great phone and warm reception at the Arts & Crafts door.  All the way through to a bus/serve combo as kind, smooth and knowledgeable as you'd ever find in any 5-star.  Yeah, they were completely cool about the veggie option for my baby.  It was every bit the meatly version's equal too.  Our mellow wine navigator fancied up a killer Kendric Pinot Noir to bridge the two paths - versions of the same dishes, with and without meat.The hook up on an extraordinary Monday:Grilled leeks, golden beets, egg & a mustard-vinaigrette with HOUSE-CURED PANCETTA!!! - 5 stars.Souffle as fine as the best dream you ever dreamed.  One of the best dishes to ever feed this well-fed fella.  Rosemary and nettles and the lightest firm little frenzy to ever rize in an oven.  Or was the star the unbelievable accompaniment of fall greens that I wish mom could taste?!  Not to mention, what are probably the best carrots I've ever had - D. carota maximus!  With Cattail Creek lamb shoulder so tender that it was almost creamy.  5 zillion mother-funkin' stars!Dreamy, dreamy poached pear tart with muscat sabayon.  There's something about this food that takes textures and tastes to a different level.  5 stars.Blue Bottle French Press for two -  5 stars.Major bonus:Invitation to tour the kitchen and talk to the kind, calm chefs.  Soooper mellow and fun prep cook - pausing from coring apples from the next night's dessert - walking us to the f'n cool and clean meat walk-in.  Sweet pasty chefs (get it?! sweet pasty chefs hah hah hah hah hah hah) surrounded by persimmons, wood and brass.  Fellas up front, culinary, but conversational.  Plating beautifully - each and every one.Signs of addictiveness:Yes, they are serving crack.  Sign numba one - The host greeted one guy at the door, "George, it's been a couple of days!"  George strolls in sporting a, well-worn bottle, carrier weighted by oenophile-friendly cargo.  Sign numba two -  A couple in for the 8:45 seating is greeted by our server, "I understand you were here for lunch today."  And that's a Monday, fool!  Yeah, the same virus is in my bloodstream now, I hope to/wanna take Ms. Magic here again for her b-day next year...Shout out to Alice Waters for her food, her foundation and making the world a much more-betta place!
<review# 2186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2008,8/25/2008,237,324,12,9,10>This spot is "old school". Granted it's only been open since '92 but you feel like you walked in to a 1970's mafia spot. The food isn't Italian, but everyone in there has that feeling. A couple points to go over:If you find a hair in your food, it will probably be blue.The piano player played the Charlie Brown theme song by request.The french onion soup is reason enough to check this place out.The service was on-point with everything.The wine list was average.Food was a bit pricey.Water glasses never got below half full.Wine glasses were consistently re-filled for us.I will end up drinking here in 40 years.4.5 stars.
<review# 2187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2008,8/24/2008,521,497,18,21,22>4.5 Stars.Apparently, fried chicken is not on their Slim & Satisfying menu.  If it was, I'd be going back here a lot more.  This is an Oakland fried chicken institution.  I didn't get to go here too often when I was young, but now I could.  But it's dangerous.  Not in the bad neighborhood sense, but in the destroy your gut sense.  There is just so much on the menu that it will send your cholesterol levels through the roof.  The coffee shop serves up some mean portions of food 24/7.  Enough to satisfy the finicky of eaters.  Pick your poison...excellent crispy fried chicken and waffles, biscuits drenched in country gravy, egg breakfasts, to giant slices of strawberry shortcake.  Let's not forget that it's also a bakery.  If your meal wasn't enough, they have a giant hamburger cake waiting for you to take it home for a snack. The staff here has generally been friendly and accommodating...especially when we're rolling in with 10+ obnoxious Yelpers in tow.  Overall, Denny's or IHop don't have the same charm as Merritt does...nor do they have the best chicken and waffles in Oakland.
<review# 2188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2008,8/23/2008,73,215,8,12,13>This is the second year that I've gone to SP's free show in Berkeley's John Hinkel Park, and the second year that I've had a really great theatre experience. Last year it was a fun and lively production of The Three Musketeers (I especially enjoyed the Ensemble, particularly the guy who was killed six times in six different ways as six different characters). This year's show is "Ubu for President," which was delightfully ridiculous and involved a great deal of audience participation. John Hinkel Park is a great venue, with terraced seating (it is wise to bring something to sit on, be it a blanket or a low-backed chair), and remarkably good acoustics. It also has lots of different stage entrances/exits, which allow the actors to mingle amongst the audience. I'm really looking forward to next year's free show and I might even shell out for one of their other season shows.
<review# 2189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2008,8/22/2008,132,237,14,16,16>very beautiful inside. very warm vibe. despite me losing my window seat to a party of 5, i still enjoyed the super quick friendly service and the signal of a family ran business.cute waitress with a tat behind her ear, knew i needed to be outta there fast when i turned down the menu she offered and ordered a typical dish. she was very friendly and greeted me with a sincere smile every time. bathroom was refreshing. amazingly clean everywhere for a downtown establishment. then again, when i visited thailand, all restrooms were smelling and looking clean. 3 minutes later, i'm inhaling my slightly dried chicken curry and rice, a 2nd sign it wasn't freshly cooked. not very spicy either. my experience with thai food is that mild thai food is very spicy for me, but, this was not. but this still had full flavor and very tasty.next time i'm in downtown berkeley, i'll definitely hit this spot again and try something else that will require some preparation or maybe try the chicken curry again but ask for it to be freshly made.yeah, that's the ticket.
<review# 2190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2008,8/21/2008,30,96,18,34,26>Alright, I just recently moved to Treasure Island and I need to say that a bunch of you people are crazy.Yes, in an earthquake there could be liquefaction.  I also pay a fraction of what those in North Beach and the Marina pay, and if there's a quake bad enough to cause liquefaction on TI, you can guarantee there will be similar and potentially just as bad effects on other parts of the city built on fill - like uber expensive Marina, always packed Financial District, and stripper-filled North Beach.  Guess what people - we live in an earthquake zone.  Lots of places are going to be bad places to be when "The Big One" hits.I hear a lot of complaints about TI being "ghetto".  Alright - you're right.  It's not Pac Heights.  You aren't living with thousands of your pseudo hipster buddies who all think Grey's Anatomy is the pinnacle of studying human interpersonal relationships but you are living with a bunch of genuine and nice people.  Sure there is section 8 housing and even (Gasp!) the Walden House, but these people are people and are nice.  I have had no problems on the bus or in my neighborhood and as crime goes, it's less of a problem here than many more densely packed "Nicer" areas of SF.I also put major facetime in NY and DC and, frankly, if you think TI is ghetto, you have to get your butt out of the suburbs and drive around a real ghetto.  TI doesn't count - not by a long shot.  If you aren't walking around with a shiv and mace because you have to run to your mailbox, you aren't living in a ghetto.  Seriously folks - you guys have to get out more.Yah, it's a bummer to not have any stores here but with a simple thing called "planning" it works out fine.  We have produce delivered once a week and the bus goes to CalTrain with a Safeway right there.  Sure it's not as easy as when I had Safeway in my parking lot, but to pay as little as I pay and have this much space and a ton of cool neighbors, privacy, quiet, and space?  It's worth it.
<review# 2191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2008,8/20/2008,241,184,15,16,14>I came here during my worst break out ever.  I was working and planning a 500 guest birthday party.  I hadn't felt this stressed out since school.  So I came here for facials so they could fix what i had broken.  I went here on a weekly, then semi monthly, then monthly basis as my face started looking better.  I have basically had every person there work on my face.  I was even the face they used to train the newbies.  I would also have to say Kitty is my favorite.  Her hands can make me sleep like a baby even after 10 hours of sleep the prior night.  She is amazing.  Every time i go back, she mentions that i have gained weight because she can feel it in my face.  Oh how i love chinese people and their straight forwardness, especially when it comes to your FATTINESS.  They also introduced me to this acne cream from T&J Skincare.  OMG it works wonders.  T&J is the only way to go.  I haven't been able to go in due to scheduling and financing but they have also instilled a good regiment for my face.  I am for the most part clear and looking great (oh, don't worry i can complement myself more if you'd like).  I say go and ask for Kitty.  She's great!
<review# 2192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2007,8/19/2008,902,420,15,13,17>this is the primary reason i cross the bay twice a month.  oh...not counting the times i visit family and am running "late" because of well..here.the shop is huuuge, well-lit with natural light and highly organized in a way that is easy to navigate.  there are virtually no weaknesses with CR-- here is how i rate shops--back-issues *****trades / novels *****new releases *****service *****price ****cute-girls ****the condition of back-issues are quite impressive along with their incredible collection or rare, uber-collectables that are available to purchase and cataloged in a fantastic way to see color copies of the covers--good fun!!Comic Relief often has great events and appearances of Industry movers and shakers...i once was so starstruck by seeing Ed Brubaker here, I picked up his whole run on Daredevil (like 20 books)...YES!  I AM A DORK  =)
<review# 2193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2008,8/16/2008,523,699,14,14,15>Previously inducted duos in the food hall of fame:* Fish and chips* Bangers and Mash* Pork and Beans* Chicken and WafflesAnd now for this year's inductee.....Coffee and Hot Dogs!Before it opened, this place had haunted me for quite some time,  as I am a big fan of all things surrounding Halloween.  I was patient, and was rewarded with a plethora of skeletal trappings.  Even after it opened, I had gone by on many occasions when I desperately needed coffee, and wasn't in the mood for Peet's or Starbucks...and they were closed.  FINALLY, I was able to sample the goodness.  And see the barista's mug smiling at me from a CD cover (he's topless in the pic, by the way, and not too shabby).  Great coffee, interesting clientele, and even better, HOT DOGS.  They have also been increasing their other food selection, but I have not yet tried it.  Can't get away from my weiners.Now that is a nominee that I can support.  Go DOTDC.
<review# 2194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2008,8/15/2008,91,125,6,10,12>This place was SO much better than Ruth's Chris.  The calamari appetizer was good - not over-salted like a lot of places make it and the sweet chili sauce was different, but tasty.  The filet was tender and delicious on its own and not doused in butter like they do at RC.  We shared the mac and cheese and garlic mashed potatoes - such artery clogging goodness!  The service was attentive without being intrusive and our waitress was very knowledgeable with both the food and wine.  She even escorted me to the restroom when I asked her where it was!  The only downsides were that my bf's filet was served lukewarm and there was a lot of waiting in between courses.
<review# 2195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2008,8/14/2008,248,213,12,11,12>OOH Greek Theater you are truly one of, if not my favorite venue in the bay area.  You blow all the arenas out of the water with your beautiful views, close proximity to the Bart and many restaurants to frequent after.I actually had the privilege of attending shows both Saturday and Sunday this weekend.  Both were quite an experience, Steely Dan and James Taylor.  But this is about the venue, I love sitting on the grass (especially when they fill the pit with chairs).  I did not arrive early enough for either one and ended up sitting in the same area both nights, grass on the right side facing the stage.  At steely we were basically sitting on a hill, sliding down all the time.  Although the sliding was happening, we had a great view of the Golden Gate Bridge.  When walking around you can also see the entire bay from the back left, beautiful... I love the bay!Seats were great I figure were way closer than the people sitting in the middle of the grass, although in the future I will arrive earlier to ensure better seats and enough room to fit the gigantic picnic I will be bringing.  It sucked watching the people around me veg out on a cornucopia of wonderful foods, next time I will be prepared!$7 for wine does not seem that much but I think its the most bang for your buck.  $10 for the Soju and cran was not that good when you compare money to goodness ratio.Love you Greek, it was my fault for being late and not being on top of my picnic.  See you again soon!
<review# 2196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2008,8/13/2008,241,239,16,16,17>After crunching the numbers and figuring that I'd rather spend the rest of the settlement check on football and traveling, I opted to get the Nissan repaired to operational standards. One of the requirements of re-registering the car is a brake and lamp certification from a licensed inspector, along with a smog check.I was able to get all of the above done at Yao's for less than $130, about $100 less than the other places I called for estimates. The fact that it only took an hour to get all the work done was the cherry on top. Okay, the fact that I got to walk home and take a quick nap while Calvin & team worked on the car was the real cherry. But since you all don't live with/near me, you'll just have to settle for affordable and speedy service.So word of warning, bitches - the Nissan and I are back on the road. Stay off the streets!
<review# 2197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2008,8/12/2008,388,192,17,16,17>Wow. Haven't Yelped in hella long...Today me and Juan and my 3 yr old nephew went to fairyland I haven't been to fairyland in almost 15 yrs since today. I woke up and seen the weather was perfect to go roam the green. But where could I go?FAIRYLAND!!!! my nephew is tiny tot and loves to roam around and run and interact without other kids his own age. When we pulled in to park, Purfect !!!! 3 bucks to park. we found parking getting into the lot. we get out the car and alot of geese were chillen in front of the car LOL!!!! The Lake Merritt Mafia! also another plus animal protection. We walked up and seen the shoe that stands out so big. We walked into the gate paid 6 bucks a head plus 2 for the little orange key. LOL the girl only charged me admission for 2 and no key so basically $14 dollars.we walk in a lil boy gives me a map and directs me into the land of paper mache' mushrooms and puppets. my nephew runs towards the barn animals they have there. I look and WTF? they have Bilingual boxes now. That is So cool. how many times have I came here on a field trip and most of my classmates didn't understand English.I walk by and smell feet,tree sap and animal booty. Yes I was walking by the hippies making out with the goat. I was mortified.I walk ahead. Our little "family" got hungry and we walked towards the cafe. Dayumn I had gotten 3 years older waiting in the line,service was horrible. Finally I made my selections"I'll have 2 hot dogsnachos2 cokes1 fruit punch and augghhhh ummm a pop-sickle!""Okay...That will be $14.95" That was kinda steep considering these people do not got paid for working the snack bar.it took another 25 minutes to get my food. but my nephew didn't seem to mind as long as he had his little Popsicle. Today the train was down for maintenance.  But I totally got flashback of the Alice in wonderland tunnel. I miss that. I remember I used to chase around the cat appearing painted on the wall.Overall I had a pleasant experience. No older kids making the kids feel bad or terrorizing them. it was all clean fun, I love the fact that has a retro charm to it. Kids love it. Imagination should be Kept simple.
<review# 2198,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/29/2008,8/11/2008,976,1376,19,24,24>To each their own, right?DO NOT GO HERE IF IT'S OVER 80 DEGREES. DON'T DO IT. I did and wasn't prepared (I had 3 water bottles) and got the meanest case of dehydration known to man.It's close to 3,000 feet in elevation change and it's not very gradual. This hike will kick your a**. As a competitive soccer player I thought I could handle it. I was wrong. My legs held up (which I expected) but the dehydration did me in. As far as the actual hike it was some nice views of the east bay, but I wouldn't cal it spectacular especially since most of the view is of the suburb of Clayton. If you like the suburban sprawl, then this is the hike for you.I wasn't too fond of the fact that you share the path with mountain bikers.Don't get me wrong, I LOVE hiking. I really do. I just didn't like this particular trail. It was hot, steep and not particularly scenic. AND THEY MAKE YOU PAY FOR PARKING! If I'm going to pay fees I'm expecting the trail to be maintained somehow. On the way down the ridge was pretty treacherous and traction was definitely an issue even though it was completely dry.Sorry to be the odd man out on my review, but I may just have to stick to the peninsula, marin and south bay for my hiking. Se pics at: flickr.com/photos/calmen…
<review# 2199,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/25/2007,8/10/2008,528,403,15,12,23>This bridge connects my two destinies: the city of my birth (Oakland) with the city I've spent most of my adult life (San Francisco). There are many reasons it sucks: Weekday mornings between 7 and 10, weekday evenings between 4 and 7, anytime after a Giants game, during earthquakes, or big rig overturns. But otherwise, I'll take this bridge over the freaky San Mateo, Dumbarton, or Carquinez. There's a nice little island in the middle, should you want to break up your trip. And coming into the city, you're showered with views of the skyline on both sides. So majestic and breaktaking. To this day, my heart still leaps when these landmarks come into the vista. Late last night I'm driving home from the Ruby Room after a strange but cool weekend. The toll taker refuses my $4 and asks me where I'm going. At first, I fear that he thinks I'm drunk, which I'm not, having had only 2 drinks all night. But he then tells me in an indiscernible African accent that I'm a beautiful woman and if he weren't married he would ask for my hand. Maybe he says this to every woman driving home at 2:30 am. But it was the perfect slice of serendipity to cap the evening.So, I'll risk earthquakes, traffic, and overturned trucks to traverse this landmark icon, which joins my two worlds together.
<review# 2200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2008,8/9/2008,307,317,61,45,52>At the Piedmont High graduation ceremony, one of the student speakers jokingly referred to Geta as the Piedmont High Cafeteria, a reference which whizzed right past me.   After the ceremony, i asked my daughter about that, and she was incredulous that I didn't understand the reference.  "Are you for real dad?  Seriously, are you kidding?  You don't know about Geta? You call yourself a yelper?"  "Um, that's way too many questions for me." So, it turns out that practically all of Piedmont High has been to this little hole in the wall and goes there regularly.  Maybe I'm old fashioned, but that's just weird. A bunch of high school kids hanging out at a sushi place!  What the hell happened to the malt shop?  (Ok, I've never actually BEEN to a "malt shop," but it sounds good.)  But seriously, sushi?  That has got to be an only-in-California thing. So, I let her take me here for lunch, and I think I get it now.  You can gorge yourself on lots of fresh, delicious sushi for under $8.  The people here were very friendly but that may be as a result of the fact that, over the last 3 years, she's made a significant contribution to their second home in Hawaii fund.  All I know is they knew her by name and seemed VERY glad to see her.   During lunch, I kept thinking about what I'd spend at every other place for the same - or worse - sushi, and I was baffled.  Granted, this is a tiny space and they haven't spent a lot on decor, so their overhead is probably quite low.  But still.  It wasn't really making sense. A large plate full of excellent sushi for the price of a mediocre sandwich.  Then it hit me.  I'd figured it out, and I shared my revelation.  "Honey," I said in a hushed tone, "these people are Yakuza, you know, the Japanese mafia, and this is nothing more than a money laundering operation.  They don't CARE if they're profitable.  They just need lots of dollars running through the place. That's how they can sell such awesome sushi so cheaply."  Which gave rise to a big eye roll (no, not a Maki) and a large sigh. And the obligatory:  "You are so weird."
<review# 2201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2008,8/7/2008,107,131,25,24,24>Los Canteros' credit card machine renewed my faith in fish tacos. Here's how:About a month ago I went to lunch with the ex. She wanted to go to Rubios on Bay Street of all places, calling their fish tacos "amazing." I was skeptical but tried to stay positive.There's no getting around it: They were awful. Clearly, without me around, she's lost all her taste in food. (Kidding PK - I hope!) And I haven't had a desire for fish tacos since.Then I ended up at Los Canteros a couple days ago after walking to Ahn's and realizing I had no cash. The faith-renewing credit card swiper at Los Canteros spoke to me: "Partake not of burritos, for they will overfill you. "Partake not of nachos, for they will coat your stomach in grease."Make thine order two-fold: one of fish taco and one of prawn taco. And when you taste them, you will know that I am the Credit Card Swiper above all credit card swipers."The CC Swiper wasn't lying - these tacos were magnificent! Especially the prawn taco - it was loaded with plump little prawns that truly burst with flavor.If those tacos were the only dishes I've ever eaten here, this place would be five stars. But I've had a couple different burritos and nachos, and none of them were exciting.But it's not just prawns - Los Canteros has very good service, water with slices of various citrus floating in it and free chips and salsa.I once was lost, but now I'm found. All praise due to the Los Canteros Credit Card Swiper!
<review# 2202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2008,8/6/2008,704,190,37,22,30>If a disembodied voice comes forth from the wind that is gently caressing my face and coyly playing with my rattail, then said unto me "Take a woman as your lover", that lover might just have to be Betty.Betty would fry chicken all morning, to hand-feed it to me on a lushly pickled bed of jalapeno, cabbage and onion slaw in the afternoon, then fatten me up with two fresh Strawberry Shortcakes in the evening, and finally, lay me on a vintage Ironing Board at night, lulling me to sleep with the sweet scent of ginger and cinnamon cookies on her breath, while I happily dream of repeating this cycle of love the next day.
<review# 2203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2008,8/5/2008,791,1229,9,15,26>I ordered three plates of food to go.  After I ordered, I realized it was a cash only establishment.  I looked in my wallet; my ATM card is missing and I had only $25 in cash.  I asked my waiter if I could change my order because I couldn't purchase all three plates for $25.  The waiter tells Wally and Wally tells me not to worry about it and to pay next time.  I am not used to this type of kindness living in a city.  I told him I couldn't possibly take him up on his offer but he insisted.  So I  thanked him and promised to pay him back.   Wally wasn't bothered about the money at all.  He was instead excited that I had come from SF to taste his cooking.   As I waited for my order, Wally brought me hummus and pita bread for a snack...What a nice man.  The food is delicious and not surprisingly, Wally is very generous with the servings. Oh, but remember, he uses an enormous amount of garlic.  You will smell of garlic for at least 10 hours.
<review# 2204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2008,8/4/2008,429,327,16,17,22>At Enssaro, here's what you do:1.  Order the plentiful Veggie Combo and the Lamb (though other items also looked delectable).2.  Order a tej (honey wine) for your sweet tooth and an Ethiopian beer for Your Honey.3.  Soak in the homey, low-key atmosphere and very warm service.4.  Then GURSHA THREE TIMES.Gesundheit.No . . . G-u-r-s-h-a.  In Ethiopian tradition, "Gursha" is when you wrap a mouthful of savory, tender morsels of Veggies / Meat with Injera bread and place it gently in your loved one's mouth.   It is a sign of respect and kindness.But make sure you Gursha THREE times.  For:-One Gursha will make you fight.-Two Gurshas will break you apart.-But Three Gurshas ... THREE gurshas will make you fall in love. Happy Valentine's Day.
<review# 2205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2008,8/1/2008,38,228,20,18,18>Tonight I rediscovered that I am indeed a little bit lactose intolerant. This is the worst news in the world since discovering I won't be getting my Flight of the Conchords DVD back from a guy I very briefly dated. I can eat a scoop of ice cream and drink a cup of milk but it seems as if milkshakes are a no no. I may have tasted my last milkshake ever. With that, I salute the last root beer milkshake I'll ever consume. (By the way, who else makes root beer milkshakes??)Who doesn't love Val's? Sometimes I feel like a night at Val's can only appreciated by my brethren of the area. It's pretty amazing and after visiting here after a 5 year hiatus, I'm glad to see that absolutely nothing has changed since I first ate here at the age of 7. Condiments in tupperware? Check. Paper thin 1-ply napkins? Check. Banged up plastic red water cups? Check. Do you really care what I had? Obviously it was a burger. Obviously it was medium rare (take that, pretentious vegetarians). It has grilled onions, cheese, tomatoes, some other stuff. But the winner was the meat. Red, juicy and just a hint of burnt on the outside. Almost as perfect as the fries. Which I eat with mayo (don't hate). I'm going to pass out in a food coma now.
<review# 2206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2008,7/31/2008,66,234,4,11,12>Came by today after reading about this shop in the local paper. Its tucked away uphill from Godiva, so, except for that article, I wouldn't have known it was here. We were in a hurry to meet some friends, but managed to taste two cheeses and buy three along with a great bottle of French wine ($12) that the wine manager found for us.  They are still getting stocked, but we found what we needed. Friends and I consumed the full pound of cheese we bought. The Humboldt Fog with Truffles was my favorite. We happened in just at 2:30 and they had started serving free Champagne at 2. The space is sized as a shop and tasting area, so I think they'll be doing more events like this in future. All in all, a great addition to Montclair.If I had to pick a downside, I'd say that staff may be too attentive for some folks.
<review# 2207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2007,7/30/2008,5,9,18,13,15>Gordo's is so good it makes me want to cry.  Yes, they are the burrito nazi's, but nobody goes to Gordo to chit chat or enjoy the ambience.  You go to Gordo's to make yourself absolutely sick from eating waaaayyyy too much burrito.  And that being said, I have been going here for over 8 years and those dudes know exactly what I want everytime I walk in.... so at least they're paying attention.Let me address some of the negative things I have read about Gordo's on this here yelp....1. Somebody wrote that tortillas should not be steamed... uhhhhh....  excuse me?  Stretchy moist delicious tortillas ONLY come from steaming them, and isn't that what makes the burrito amazing.. the stretchy tortilla? What's the alternative a grill heated tortilla that dries out and hardens up and snaps off when you try to eat it?  No thanks!2.  "They put meat in my veggie burrito."  Well, kiddo, they probably cook the rice with lard and/or chicken stock too.  This ain't the place for a vegetarian and contrary to much vegetarian belief, the world doesn't owe you vegetarian options.  I'm recently diagnosed as wheat allergic and can no longer enjoy the spoils of the above mentioned stretchy tortillas, but I'm not gonna go in and demand gordo's or any other place cater to my specific food needs.  Frankly, being a meat eater, I'd like to declare Gordo's OURS.  You can HAVE La Cascada all to yourself, we don't want it.  Screw you, vegetarians.3.  Bland and flavorless?  It's called HOT SAUCE, you wimps!  Pure, unadulterated liquified jalapenos generously squirted all over your burrito innards await, so long as you say yes to the Burrito Nazi who barks "Hot sauce?" at  you.  And, by jove, it's delicious.  I moved away from the Bay Area for awhile and the first thing I did when I came back was order a burrito from Gordo's soaked in Hot Sauce, sour cream, and guacamole and I knew I was finally back home.  I have never had such a positive visceral response to the taste of burrito before Gordo's and it's only been rivaled by Cancun Taqueria in the Mission since.Gordos is the jam.  All you haters can go enjoy your fucking white bread Chipotle or your weird Southern California "authentic" mexican.  Sorry, I just barfed in my mouth a little.  Bay Area burritos are in a class all their own, and Gordo's definitely holds its own.
<review# 2208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2007,7/29/2008,11,42,10,18,14>I absolutely cannot rave about Doggy Lama enough.Our dog went to stay with Sarah and Sprout and he was actually sad to come back home!  This isn't a dog boarding service - your dog goes to someone's home to stay where your dog gets to watch TV, sleep on sofas, play with other dogs, go on long hikes for hours and get lots of human interaction.  They made a Flickr photostream for us so we could look at what he was doing daily.  He was so happy too!They are incredibly flexible.  We dropped him off and picked him up on the later side and it was no problem.  For as long as I live in the Bay Area, this is the boarding service I will use exclusively
<review# 2209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2008,7/28/2008,116,219,8,7,9>I am a huge cheese fan, HUGE, so I love fondue. If I didn't care about my health at all, I would totally eat it every day and be a happy camper. Fondue Fred's is my go-to fondue place because I like Berkeley and it's the closest fondue restaurant to where I live. I came here tonight and was very impressed again. The service was decent, but the fondue was outstanding. We had the garlic fondue which was amazing, and the beef cheese-less fondue (I think it was #17). It comes in a crock-pot type thing and was like a beef stew with mushrooms. It was SO HOT thought, so it made it a little difficult to eat. The garlic fondue was also really, really hot, which led to us experimenting with the burners (you can turn them up or down). Luckily we didn't burn the place down. We stuffed ourselves silly but couldn't resist having the chocolate fondue for dessert. It was SOOOOO good. Oh my gosh. It came with marshmellows (which I like burned, like you can do at a campfire), strawberrys, cantaloupe, honeydew, and apples.  The prices are reasonable, and most of the choices are between $14-18 I think. Our server, which might have been the owner, forgot to bring my coke, but I think it was meant to be, because this way I only had water so I could intake more fondue...and the more cheese the better!
<review# 2210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2008,7/27/2008,266,363,12,14,13>The Useful: This bar is great for many a different night out, either for some casual drinkie time or hey-let's-get-dressed-up-and-go-out drinkie time or some listen-to-sexy-music drinkie time or whathaveyou drinkie time. The bartenders are awesome and friendly and mix an excellent drink. Or seven. Oh my. But seriously now, what a lovely little find on 19th ave. in downtown Oakland. The Funny: I'm actually still too hungover from Friday night (it's now 5:30 on Sunday, thanksverymuch) to think of anything witty. How's this instead? icanhascheezburger.com/2…. kthxbai.The Cool: I'm sorry to all my super cool fellow DYLers for not saying goodbye before taking off. Once I started hiccuping incessantly, I realized it was only a matter of time before the worshiping of the porcelain god was to commence.* And it's my own damn fault, and Soft Notes is a classy place, hence the leaving in a hurry. * Refer: urbandictionary.com/defi…
<review# 2211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2008,7/26/2008,251,652,14,9,16>Egads! (yes, egads...) this is my new favorite breakfast joint.  It's got that LA countercultuer-claims-the-diner look and 'tude to it and it's off the beaten path.  I could do without the dismantled barbie dolls immortalized in a gelatenous resin in our breakfast table, but hey, it's art.Food was really tasty.  Not the classiest dish, my hasbrowns topped with veggie sausage (deep fried i think) and pepper jack cheese and eggs over easy satisfied nonetheless.  There was some room for improvement in the hashbrowns but I think their center softer consistency did well to sop up the grease of the cheese and "sausage" (soysage if you will).  Eggs were perfect - not overly greasy and over "easy" as I requested, not medium as they often come out.Service was 5 stars all the way.  I'm not supposed to say anything, but a person who will remain unnamed slipped us that magical guinness-chocolate-espresso shake to tide over the hunger pangs while we waited.  My respect and admiration for the staff and this creation grows.I like that the menu has many clearly dennoted vegetarian and vegan options and that there are clever dishes that put traditional breakfast flavors in new perspective.  I also like the coffee-while-you-wait, though clean mugs were scarce and yelling "move in!" when they finally arrived was not well-received by other pre-coffee clientele.A question to hipsters who patronize Rudy's: why are you so unfriendly?  When we are being cute and friendly and self-depricating and trying to make our 45 minute wait go by less slowly, you scoff in misery.  Is it that you need a grease fix and, le sigh, hate to have to wait, further demonstrating that the rest of the world/corporate-humping bozos are starting to like things you like and you're in an existential crisis about how that makes it now uncool and you have to find someplace else, or does it just fatigue you to be so unerringly pretentious about potentially pretentious people all the time?  I really dug the folks working here, but the clientele were uniformly grumpy and would have done well to have snack or a shot of whisky before they showed up.
<review# 2212,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,5/31/2008,7/25/2008,3446,131,17,22,19>OK on a groggy mornin, bout 645, I found my way to this seemingly routine eatery. Ordered a cupa joe and one of the omelets. Cup was kind of bitter yet full bodied...Very impressed!!!!Soon the omelet arrived and a short stack on the side. By now the caffeine started waking the taste buds and the brain-cells as well. Buttered the cakes and poured on the syrup....cut off a small slice popped in the ole pie hole and BAM. What a nice  fluffy texture with a savory taste. Thought it might be the Joe talkin to me. So I sliced into the omletteand BAM BAM BAM! So buttery creamy, soft and tasty. Loved every bite of food and ever drop of the coffee. Walked away thinking that was the best breakfast in the bay area.SOHmmmHad to try again. this time I arrived about 8 am and there was a 30 minute wait. So I started thinkin, 30 minutes and all these people here? This place is no joke and not a secret find. Others new of it so it must be a great place.After my 19 minute wait, I was seated and decided I'd try something bizarre. The menu stated, we make our own corned beef and hash. I knew that I was in for a different meal this time. So I ordered my cupa Joe and this special hash. As soon as my cup arrived and I poured in my cream (I also add brown sugar) in and raised it to my lips, I could smell that heavenly yet familiar scent that I remembered from my last visit. Within a few minutes my plate arrived with, real homemade corned beef hash and two poached eggs. Anxious to try this unique libation, I took a piece and tried it. BAM BAM BAM BAM. Potatoes just perfect, CB perfect as well! I loved the experience and the phenomenal wait staff. Everyone was friendly and attentive. The coffee flows here until you say stop!!This is indeed one of the best breakfast spots I've "stumbled" upon in the area. If you go there, be aware of one thing, the omelets are made soft unless you order otherwise.  Best BAM for the Buck around!!! Five yelp stars and 5 stars from yours truly!!!Update Feb 2009I have to knock this review down because of several problems that have been building. i normally get there at 6:30 am when they open. And during my last visit I came in and no one was at the front counter to seat me (waited for 5 minutes or so) but the waitress in back waived called my name so I headed back only to be literally confronted by a waiter who asked me if he could help me. As I explained, that I was going to an open seat in the back, he raised his voice and said " thank you for your patience". tossed a menu on a table and walked away. Now bear in mind that at 630 in the morning, there are maybe 4-5 customers. So there are plenty of seats. There is no excuse for rude behavior! And honestly its not the first time that I've put up with other situations such as having my order delivered to the wrong table and thus having to wait for my food all over again. Sarcasm from a certain waitress.
<review# 2213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2008,7/24/2008,78,413,9,17,18>I went back and forth on whether my 200th should be something significant, and if so, what should it be. I waffled to no avail, and when somebody suggested I do a place that was significant throughout my earlier years, I knew I had to review Tilden Park.I spent so many hours riding the ponies, shrieking with delight as the gentle horses would dutifully ride around, solely for my joy (not very fair, now that I think about it).Hiking, taking picnics with family through the woods.Riding the merry-go-round, always trying to get a spot in the spinning tea-cup thingy. My parents would always emerge, green in the face, but I still loved it and begged for a 2nd, 3rd, 4th ride around.Riding the mini-steam trains, always trying to get the caboose seat and whizzing on the mini train tracks and through the mini train tunnel. I have even attended weddings in Tilden Park!But my most vivid memory of Tilden Park is one winter, maybe 8 years ago when it got very cold and snowed lightly. This is a very exciting event for Bay Area folk, as it happens about once every century. The family immediately crammed into the car and drove up Grizzly Peak to the steam train parking lot to see the dusting of snow. What a beautiful day... Many other families had had the same idea - we joined together with the goal of making a little snowman, but with the measly amount of snow, it was impossible. We all left laughing, rosy-cheeked, and invigorated from the cold. Straight to find hot chocolate, was our next stop.Here is to all the great memories with my family, friends, and of the East Bay.
<review# 2214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2008,7/23/2008,564,188,13,13,13>I've lived by Solano Ave for over 5 years now, yet never thought twice about coming to Sushi Sho even though I walked and drove by it all the time.  So after reading all the hype about Sushi Sho on Yelp, my friend and I decided to venture out and experience the wonder that is the "Sushi Nazi" himself for ourselves.  So earlier this week, my friend and I lined up to get a seat, and let me tell you, we got a sushi experience that was nothing short of AMAZING.At fifteen minutes before opening, we were the first people in line.  By the time they opened, there were five of us, and soon after, nine.  Even though they say they can only serve eight, the last party had three people, so the chef let them all dine together instead of making one of them wait.We started out with miso soup, salads and drink.  The wife came around the bar systematically in the order that we lined up (so it's literally first come first served) in and took our order, while the husband, Aki, prepared our food inside.My friend and I decided to share everything, so we started out with a deluxe plate, which included 8 pieces of nigiri and a tekka maki.  This is one of few Japanese places that I've been to where they actually put a of wasabi in between the rice and the fish, as they traditionally do.  We also ordered a hamachi maki and uni nigiri.  I highly recommend the uni here; it's the freshest and it melts in your mouth!  I've had uni many times before and most of them have been downright foul, but Sushi Sho's is firm, yet light and airy, doesn't have a toxic taste or foul odor, and didn't appear to be *melting* (uggggh... I'm lookin' at you, Sushi House) before you even put it in your mouth!In our second round, we ordered a sashimi combination plate and some amaebi nigiri.  Amaebi!  It was beautifully cut.  And the sashimi was so fresh, awesome and beautifully plated.  We watched him cut the vegetable decorations right in front of us.  Nothing is pre-made.We ended up dining here for a little over two hours, as did some others.  I don't know exactly how much it cost because my friend snatched the bill from me (thanks, Jenny!), but I'm assuming it was somewhere between $100-$120, and for what we consumed and experienced, it was worth every penny.And the "Sushi Nazi" isn't really a nazi; he's actually a nice fella who has really high standards for his food (unlike the soup nazi on Seinfeld who only possesses one of these qualities), which I have no problem with!Man, I'd come here so often if I were more fiscally irresponsible, but for now, it'll just be my special occasion restaurant :)
<review# 2215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2007,7/22/2008,475,184,22,30,28>Eyes wide, stomach growling, I watched as everyone around the long and crowded table was getting their food. Big, over-stuffed plates filled with crispy fried chicken, melt-in-your-mouth short ribs, golden fried catfish, cinnamon-spiced yams, creamy mac 'n' cheese, cornbread muffins. Early on, there was even a bowl of gumbo, crab legs dangling out, bowl of rice on the side. Damn!I was beyond hungry. I was ravenous and all I could manage was to sip on my big glass of lemonade in silence.  In fact, it was almost a silent but deadly moment, as I thought I was gonna lose it and mug the guy next to me for his food (lucky for him I had some self-control. plus, he gave me a bite of his ribs! smart move. very smart move!)Then, a miracle happened: our nice server dropped half 'a clam shell stuffed with corn meal-crusted seafood! Shrimp! Oysters! Catfish! Snapper!! We drizzled a little of the hot sauce (big plastic container!) and it was good to go! Though, once it cooled, in true corn meal crust fashion, it wasn't nearly as tasty. But not to worry as the clam shell also arrived with all the fixin's & goodies: candied yams, mac 'n cheese, green beans, and a corn bread muffin!Once the edge was taken off, plate #2 arrived: The Fried Chicken. Crispy-skinned with succulent meat that was tender and juicy... though, the coating was a little lacking in flavor for my taste.  Whatever! The chicken beneath was flavorful and perfectly seasoned.Ahhh. Life was good. And fortunately all those around me with food,  potential for brunch-time brawling was eliminated -- all with the help of some ridiculously yummy soul food!In addition to the food, the staff was friendly, funny, helpful, and completely accommodating!  Especially since we had such a large and loud group of hungry yelpers... and you know how we roll!
<review# 2216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2008,7/21/2008,266,222,38,47,47>You know...I think I'll be okay if I never have to hear " *GASP* I remember when you were THIS big!" again. But what can I say: it just comes with the territory of being a Tokyo Fish Kid. This store is much more than a store to me. It was my childhood! Every morning, my brother and I toted along to work with Mom and Grandma - who started the store in the 1960's - where we carried out groceries, stole candy, watered plants, climbed on the rice sacks after repeatedly being told not to, straightened out the peaches and kyuri - they were the only things we could reach - and got in the way of deliveries.Take it from a professional...carrying out groceries was like striking gold for a 4 year old. "Thank you, Mr / Mrs [insert name here] have a nice day!" and a smile got us $5 each. Almost - ALMOST - everyyy time (:*sigh* The good ol' days when going to ' work' was fun, rewarding, and tax free.The staff at Tokyo Fish Market works harder than anyone could possibly imagine. My uncle works 100+ hour weeks - no exaggeration: he gets to the produce market at 1am, is at the store by 3am, only to come home at 6pm the following night - and my mom is there from 6am to 6pm most days too, now that we've  e x p a n d e d  considerably. It's a choice they make because they know that no one can do their jobs better.And if it weren't for you, Uncle Cubby, we'd have no fish expert, no chicken wings, no Acme bread, and no noodles. In other words: we would be DOOMED. And there's nothing more comforting than to see your face pop in and out of the gift store to make sure I'm still awake...I mean....alive....when I'm working.Not only is the staff exceptionally friendly but I'm really proud of the establishment that our family has built. Their knowledge of Japanese culture, cuisine, and the store itself is really impressive. I swear my mom has the memory of an elephant - ask her about the price of anything in the store right now and she could probably tell you how much it costs, how much it used to cost, why the price changed and when. And Donna - the wonder woman she is - turned that gift shop around with the snap of her fingers, stocked those shelves full of beautiful Japanese gift items, and is always striving to find something new and exciting for us to sell. She's incredibly knowledgeable about everything in that gift shop...and she's always there to rescue me from knife questions because lets be real; Sapporo Ichiban noodles are my friend. [They're only 2 for .79 cents!!]We carry everything from tsubu-tsubu (my favorite orangey pulp drink from when I was a kid ) to Japanese hair clips and if you're looking for something in particular - or even if you're not quite sure what you're looking for - there's an employee just around the corner ready to answer your questions or find someone who can. The fish is as fresh as you can get it, the produce is insanely cheap - 29 cents a lb for onions! -  and the drink case is always, always stocked (:These people don't play around. When they're working...they're WORKING.One time, I refilled the drink case by pushing the cold ones to the back and putting the warm ones in the front and I damn near got my head chopped off. That kinda thing might fly at Safeway but here, you make the effort to take all the cold ones out first, stock from the back, and then replace the cold ones... no matter how grueling it can be. That's just the kinda thing Tokyo Fish Market does (:But what can I say, the entire staff works hard to provide the best service that they can to the customers and they love what they do. You'll always be greeted with a smile and treated just like you're family. Many of our customers have shopped with us for 20+ years...long enough for them to remember my brother and I when we were *THAT* big...so many of them are on a first name basis.If you haven't had a chance to visit, stop by the next time you're in Berkeley. Yes the parking is kinda bad - no, it's not our fault - but I promise it'll be well worth it(:PS. Hey Roger: where's my running man candy!!?  - . 00000001 stars.
<review# 2217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2008,7/19/2008,181,176,9,11,9>I have to offer up 4 stars because I was the only one at the table who was appalled at the lack of frozen yogurt choices.  They had 5000 different combinations of ice cream and toppings and a little sign in the bottom right of their very expansive menu that says, in paraphrase, "we also have frozen yogurt, ask us about today's flavors."  I did and their flavors were, well, strawberry.  I know that the subject verb combo refer to an implied multitude of flavors - an intentional reflection of my own expectations and disappointment at the singular choice offered.Of course, this is more a reflection of my own dietary habits than of their quality as an eatery.  So, where I may have given a 3 star rating through application of personal preference, I have maintained the 4th star due to the entire groups enjoyment and the quality of the rest of the experience. Around the table we had a salad, two french dips, 2 grilled cheeses (one with chips, one with fries - definitely go for the $1 fry upgrade) and a turkey-cranberry sandwich.  All the sandwiches were good and everyone was happy with their desserts.  My son was especially happy with his serving of Mango Ice Cream.  My brother got the black & tan (a specialty sundae), but he substituted more caramel in place of the chocolate fudge so it was more of a tan and tan.  I must say that if there was a highlight to the entire meal it was my brother's caramel.  If you like caramel and really yearn for the old-fashioned caramel that has a little granularity to it - you must come to Fenton's and have a caramel sundae.Fenton's does caramel right!
<review# 2218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2008,7/18/2008,252,388,9,13,10>This place is so close to my house and is a great alternative to those gigantic party stores which are always 10 miles away.Dana's has everything, wedding favors, nice silver gifts, balloons, napkins and everything else you would expect at a party store. However, since it is small, not as big of a selection as the gigantic party stores, but I shop local as much as I can so I wanted to give them a chance.The store has a very large wedding section. The favors they have looked really neat with two women working back there to help make up what you want and give you a sample and you can put the rest together yourself or you can pay them and they will put them all together for you. They also had wedding invitations and tons of other wedding/baby stuff.I went looking for a tiara for my friends birthday and black cupcake papers. I didn't find either of them. Yes, they had tiara's but they were more for kids, not adults and they had cupcake papers, just not in black (which the big party store didn't have either).I looked around the store and they had nice party supplies for kids parties. The price sticks have the date the item was marked which is nice. Upstairs is like the place where party plates go when they are out of style. There you can find sponge bob birthday stuff 1/2 off. You can find your St. Paddy's day favors. There are other bits and bobs.  That was the best room and I had to stop myself from buying things I didn't need.I left with two candy necklaces and a bag of balloons. Whenever I need any party supplies I will check there first.
<review# 2219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2007,7/17/2008,221,219,22,14,14>My friend gave me the 411 on this place before we went here, so I thought I was prepared for it.Think again. I forgot my singing voice AND my obnoxious drunk asshole shield. Must have been having a blond moment back in Oakland.Now, I've been to El Cerrito before so I thought I was reasonably prepared for the kind of crowd that would await me here. Once again, I was wrong. Immediately my friend and I are greeted by a lumbering drunk guy who decided to use us as crutches. "LADIES LADIES! ARE YOU BUYING YOUR OWN DRINKS TONIGHT?""Well, um....Yeah. It's just beer. It's cheap.""OH NO LADIES I WON'T HAVE THAT OH NO! HEY BARTENDER GET THESE LADIES SOME DRINK CHIPS! I WANNA BACK 'EM UP."Me, thinking "back 'em up" was some El Cerrito slang for "bang 'em up the ass" nearly fell out of my chair in anticipation - I mean fear!!!! FEAR! Anyway, this man was incredibly obnoxious and I was trying to decide the best way for us to make an escape. And honestly, there was no "best way" because the Mel-O-Dee is a pretty tiny bar. Thankfully the female bartender (didn't get her name) swooped into our rescue. Whatever it was that she said to the Jolly White Giant calmed him down, and he actually left the bar soon after. That woman is a total lifesaver and is absolutely one of my favorite bartenders ever!This place is a little weird altogether and it kinda makes me feel like I'm in that Bizarro episode of Sealab 2020. I saw a table of people that could have been myself and my friends had our lives all worked out a little differently. Everyone here was very cordial, but I didn't trust them for one minute. People that nice must have SOMETHING wrong with them.
<review# 2220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2008,7/14/2008,94,63,8,15,14>Down Home Filipino Food at IT's FINEST!!!! I absolutely LUV this place!!! I live very far away from my moms so I don't have the luxury of enjoying her home cooking as often as I would like.Out of all the places I've gone in search for my comfort foods, FIESTA is THE BEST I've had! Let me tell you why.Food:Everytime I've devoured the food here it IS ALWAYS ON POINT--SOO SCRUMPTIOUS & IS ALWAYS FRESH!!!! Far from another Alameda pinay restaurant that I found to be not so fresh...dusty, musty, & crusty....Items I LUV: Pinakbet with a little Bagoong, Paksew, "Chocolate Meat"(I keeps IT REAL), Mongo BeansGood eats for a Good price: 2 items + rice & drink under $10Atmosphere:Seriously AUTHENTICWhere else do you enter a restaurant through grandma's, or in my case mom's, aluminum framed screen door?Quaint tiny little place with I beleive 3 window seats that look outside onto webster street pedestrians. Seating against the wall as well as a few tables.Beverages are served in the can or bottleEveryone that works here are very nice all 2-3 of them.If you're craving some down home filipino cookin' THIS IS THE PLACE!!!
<review# 2221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2008,7/13/2008,604,474,10,17,15>Recently, a beautiful friend of mine was complaining that her face was breaking out. It was not usual for her to complain about her skin and it reminded me of another friend who had the same problem last year. She went to Face Reality for help.Laura at Face Reality cleared up her face! Really. It went from broken out all over to fresh and clear in just a matter of weeks. For Laura, this is her passion in life, and it shows.When I see someone with zits on their face, I want to send them to Laura since I know she can help. But, what do I say? It is such a tough subject to discuss for many. I do not want to embarrass anyone.Now .. I will suggest they read the reviews and learn. FACE REALITY ... they can help you. Don't suffer another day.
<review# 2222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2007,7/12/2008,48,195,8,11,9>I'm really not sure where San Leandro actually is - it kind of morphs into Oakland on one side, and into San Lorenzo and Hayward on the other. I think. In my brain it is an amorphous blob. And it has a downtown (news to me) with a Bart station and everything. Who knew?More importantly, San Leandro has Fifth Wheel, a place so real and good that it probably couldn't exist in Oakland or Berkeley. They still serve Farmer Bros. coffee and grits - in Berkeley they would probably serve Blue Bottle coffee and frittatas. Now I love Blue Bottle Coffee and frittatas, but sometimes I want white bread French toast and diner coffee. Okay, most of the time. The selection and food is similar to Ole's in Alameda (plus some Asian additions to the menu like Chicken Teriyaki omelets and rice), but Fifth Wheel is about 1/10th the size and much more authentically charming. The bacon is good (not quite as good as Ole's), but they also offer about 6 different types of sausage.The current owners have run the place since 1978 - they are really friendly people and run the business the way they want to, trends be damned.
<review# 2223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2008,7/11/2008,610,620,26,27,26>What kind of a place:Happily opens their doorGreets a total stranger (ok 40+ total strangers) with a smileGrabs hold of youTreats you like familyFeeds youBends over backwards to make sure you are taken care ofPops your scotch cherryTells you how beautiful you areBuys you a drinkAsks you how you've been - even when they've never met you beforeGrins at you as you drunkenly peek your head into the kitchen and ask "whatcha doin in there?"Waves goodbye and tells you to come back soon - after you've literally commandeered their home for 5- 6 hours?Nicks & their patrons do.I love you Nicks.  THANK YOU.
<review# 2224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2008,7/9/2008,423,725,17,16,17>Sitting here outside Crixa stuffing my face with boston creme pie, having a latte, and watching the Obama signs down Adeline, life is pretty good.  Got my laptop locked, and so does Jessica P. across from me, 'cause near Ashby BART is not where you want to be when the laptop-lifting thugs come calling.  Beautiful weather out today, too!  People in the median sitting out in the sun next to Berkeley Bowl, everybody watching the Ashby/Shattuck traffic go by.  This was my neighborhood years ago, just a block from the Bowl, and I wish we had Crixa back then!Damn, they make good cakes . . . and good coffee.Just be careful of the Prius (Pious?) drivebys.  I just got rolled up on by 2 of 'em, and they sure do come up on ya all quiet-like.And I just hit 200! ;-)
<review# 2225,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/29/2008,7/8/2008,669,1022,5,9,7>Update: Closed!I have to go agree with everyone here, this new taqueria is great.  It's hard to find a taqueria that offers free chips (that aren't stale or oily), and a very good salsa bar to boot.I ordered the pastor, carnitas, and cabeza; my current taco trinity.  All had excellent flavor and tenderness.  The cook evidently knows how to prepare meats very well here.The pastor might have the slight edge of all 3, it was crispy on the outside but still tender and had a well balanced seasoning.  Instead of cabeza, I actually got lengua, the pale cubes were a dead giveaway. Fortunately the lengua was good, tender and not bland at all.The carnitas was evenly chopped (as opposed to shredded) but nonetheless very tender and flavorful.  It was also nicely crispy on the outside.The salsa bar featured 2 salsa verdes, a chipotle salsa, salsa fresca, pickled jalapenos, radishes, limes, and whole serranos.  My favorites were the salsa verdes. The verdes and fresca had a prevalance of lime which I enjoyed more so in the verde than the fresca. The chips were warm, nice and thin, and not at all greasy.  We literally could not stop eating them!
<review# 2226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2008,7/7/2008,389,574,3,8,8>Mmmm.  Dark roast coffee and the freshest apricot scone.  I can't imagine why anyone would go to the Starbucks on the corner with this little gem around.  They've got their own pastry chef...and she's a keeper!  Next time I'm in the area I'll plan it for lunch so I can try one of their yummy-sounding salads.  They've got a couple of outdoor cafe tables and a large seating area indoors as well.
<review# 2227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2008,7/6/2008,297,172,12,8,8>Its been over 6 months since my first stint at Jodie's. Since then i have taken my mother and my boyfriend here...they both crave it daily. went he BF gets dropped off at work and I say "Bye babe i'm off to go see Jodi now!" He gets a lil miffed and feels empty inside. I have an away message that says simply "@ Jodie's" when i return to my computer all stuffed and fat, I have a huge amount of hate mail from my mother. I argue with Jodie constantly, yesterday it was about wether or not there were hashbrowns in my Barbara's Firehouse. I have proposed to Charles, Jodie's grandson. He has yet to answer me and we talk about it every weekend day that I'm there. But what I don't get is this fool keeps asking about my momma.... SLOW YA ROLL THERE BOY! Naw but seriously, every time Charles puts the deliciousness in front of my face I KNOW its a Yes! I'll be at Jodies on Friday, before my hair appointment, enjoying Evie's Black Pepper. Please come join me, you will not be disappointed!
<review# 2228,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/2/2007,7/5/2008,195,315,2,14,7>Caveat: I lived in Bangkok for more than a year.  So I'm picky.The wat is a real Thai temple that happens to have food on Sundays only.  The food is uneven -- some of it is good, some of it nothing special. It gets very crowded, so arrive by 11am to get the best food selection and avoid long lines of clueless hippies.  By noon, expect the food selection to be severely impaired.   WHAT'S GOOD* The fried chicken + sticky rice rocks -- equivalent in flavor and freshness to Bangkok street food -- the stuff made by an stout old lady on the sidewalk.* The "kanom krog" (pronounced '"k'nome croak")-- a dessert made of coconut milk, flour, sugar, and little green onions that give it a nice kick -- is excellent, AND you can't get it at any local restaurant, AND it is very whitey-friendly.  Get it -- you won't regret it.  Ask them to throw in a "kanom babin" (a fried coconut dessert, made by the same group of old ladies) for added interest.* The pre-containerized desserts (NOT the roti!) look authentic, but I never have them.WHAT'S JUST OK* The beef ball noodle soup is bland, but if you doctor it by going crazy with the fish sauce, vinegar, peppers, and sugar, you'll get something slightly close to a Thai flavor.  If you want an awesome noodle soup for the same price, go to Thai Noodle.* The curries are not bad, but not great either.  Doctorable with fish sauce and sriracha, but they may have simmered into mush by the time you get them.* The somtam (green papaya salad) is what it is, but there's no sparkle.* Mango & sticky rice is OK, but no different from that of anywhere else.* People seem to like the Thai iced tea.WHAT MAKES NO SENSE* Pad Thai from the curry buffet.  Eating limp old pad thai is an abomination.  Would you eat hour-old french fries?  Do yourself a favor and order it fresh at a restaurant.* Roti - Although Thai roti are rare in this area, why anybody would order a premade roti that's been sitting in a plastic container is beyond me.If you're not getting my "what's good" dishes, you'll do better -- and often pay the same prices -- by going to a restaurant.  Of course, you are generating a little "boon" (merit) by helping out the wat, but boon doesn't fill the belly!Looking for other Thai places?  See my list:yelp.com/list_details?li…
<review# 2229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2008,7/3/2008,139,167,19,15,14>So.  I'm like never one of those people who "forgets" to eat.  In fact: I hate those people. I think they are liars and are crazy and usually I will get so mad that I just eat twice as much as I would normally just to spite them (ISSUES.)But lately I've been going out more, seeing more people, feeling kind of happier and more lively (and also drinking A LOT) so I have found that I'm not eating as much and even skipping dinner sometimes...I'M ONE OF THOSE PEOPLE I HATE....which I guess means I'm... happy...?JESUS CHRIST!Anyway, I came here for dinner after Art Murmer last night and HOLY HELL I ate my plate full of food AND finished off the plate of my dining companion AND contemplated the apple cobbler even though my stomach was pleading with me to be rational.  My non vegan companion was legitimately blown away (I can tell by now when they're faking - honest!)  THEIR MAC AND "CHEESE" IS SO GOOD IT WILL CONFUSE YOU!We ended up eating everything on the menu and I can vouch that it is all effing incredible.  AND VEGAN.  And the family running it/working there are so nice.  I am already planning my schedule and calculating costs based on how often I can BART over to Souley Vegan.  Can I get there and back from South Park in an hour for my lunch break? (note: am finding out tomorrow)I missed what it felt like to have to be physically rolled out of a restaurant.  THANK YOU SOULEY VEGAN.I second everyone who feels that 5 stars is insufficient to explain how amazing this place is.BE WARNED if you're one of those people who gets easily confused or nervous with things that don't look the way you're used to - they are working on the whole "restaurant" aspect of things, so there is no booze and the decor is more florescent-lights-nail-salon than cozy hideaway.  But chill out, order at the counter and wait for one of the nice ladies to tell you that your dress is beautiful and then proceed to bring out a heaping plate full of seam-busting, vegany goodness.
<review# 2230,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/7/2008,7/2/2008,85,202,25,22,24>Late lunch Roulette...just to keep the impending post-work beers from kicking my keester.This place seems to try to do too many things at once, and none of them particularly well: Crepes, sandwiches, soups, salads, omelets, bento boxes. Plus I'm used to buying authentic buckwheat crepes from some French dude in Davis who basically worked the register so he'd get an opportunity to hit on each and every woman in line. The line moved rather slowly as a result, but it was always a good time watching the reactions. You'll get absolutely no French action here. Merde!But it should be noted that the last item on the dessert menu board is the 'Las Vegas - any crepe and a spanking $25.00'. I'm giving this place an extra star for the option. Go see for yourself. Better yet, if you have 25 bucks to burn, order one and let us know what you think. Yes, you HAVE been very naughty. Now go!
<review# 2231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2008,7/1/2008,373,248,37,32,40>When I moved into the Dimond District (Yelp also calls it "Lower Hills" -  ha ha ha ha ha ha!!!  That's stoopid.) from West Oakland I was constantly humming the theme from The Jeffersons.  Well we're movin on up,To the east side.To a deluxe apartment in the sky. (I moved into a nice, shiny duplex!)Movin on upTo the east side.We finally got a piece of the pie.Fish don't fry in the kitchen;Beans don't burn on the grill.Took a whole lotta tryin'Just to get up that hill.Now we're up in the big leaguesGettin' our turn at bat.As long as we live, it's you and me babyThere ain't nothin wrong with that.Well we're movin on up,To the east side.To a deluxe apartment in the sky. (duplex!)Movin on upTo the east side.We finally got a piece of the pie. My new 'hood was such a step up from my little West Oakland apartment by Hooker's Grove (the abandoned parking lot next to our buidling so christened in honor of our friendly neighborhood sex providers) that I was in awe.   I loved my sweet little neighborhood with a nice park, lots of families and lots of color!  The strip on Fruitvale from Long's to MacArthur was littered with well, um, litter and the anchor for the neighborhood was a place called Crazy John's Discount,  which fully belonged.  It was a dollar store of sorts but with fun stuff like expired MRE's and "discontinued" cereals.  Good times.  Then one day, Crazy John's closed.  The little book store on the corner with the cranky owner closed.  Uh oh.  Within a year we had Farmer Joe's and soon after that Peet's.  Soon after Peet's opened,  La Farine opened it's doors.   One morning I took a stroll to get a pound of coffee at Peet's and suddenly. . "I see white people."  And nothing but white people.  Not that there is anything wrong with that but one thing I loved about my neighborhood was the diversity of color.  Now, it was fully homogenized and well, gentrified.  I don't blame La Farine for that but if I wanted to live in Rockridge, I'd have moved there.  At least they seem to be hiring from within the neighborhood - I'll give them that.  They also make the best baguette ever.  The Rustic Baguette.  Better than Acme.  Yes, I said it and I mean it.  The rest of the roster is only okay.  I am not a fan of their pastry items such as cakes, tarts or cookies. . .they are some how just dull.  The morning buns make my teeth ache from sweetness . . but I know, I know .. . they are legendary.  The Pate Feuillete is my honey's favorite - ham and cheese sandwiched between puff pastry. . .a heart attack waiting to happen but he loves it for Sunday breakfast.  "We finally got a piece of the pieeeeeeeeeeeeee"  . . . I'd rather have a piece of baguette.  :)
<review# 2232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2008,6/30/2008,17,25,17,12,19>I just read every last one of the reviews for Banchero's and have to say, many of them made me quite angry, inspiring me to fire off some notes to those who gave it one star telling them they are mean.  But after sending a note to each of them, I realized that a) it was bad and some of the things I told them were harsh (I hope they'll accept my apologies -- it was the equivalent of drunk dialing), and b) I hadn't even reviewed Banchero's myself.  So, here is my long-awaited review.  I love Banchero's -- have been going since childhood -- it is a favorite of my big extended family, especially my aunt and uncle who live over in the East Bay.  It has always been the location for big family celebrations, when we aren't doing our Chinese banquet thing.  I realize it isn't the highest level of Italian gastrominica, however I have always enjoyed the total experience.  It is consistent, it is an excellent value, and they have the highest quality standards.  The same waitresses have been there for years, and it's the same family that's run it for several generations.  I remember back in the old days when we kids could order Shirley Temples or Roy Rogers, and it was the only restaurant where that happened, as we were strictly instructed to order only water at other places.  I have always liked the simplicity of the food, and the pageantry of course after course appearing magically.  I like the entrees, and always have a hard time choosing between the snapper, the chicken parmagiana, the milanese, or the tortellini with white sauce.  I've had the lasagna (mom's is better, but this is pretty good), and tried the fried chicken once, but it was too much for me to eat.  I always love it when there is a birthday, because the family always orders the birthday cake.  It is white cake with nuts on the outside, and to me is symbolic of family, for some weird reason.  The bar is huge, and it's not a bad place to kill some time while you wait for your table.  The pours are quite big and the prices are extremely easy on the pocketbook.  It is a step back in time, and reminds me of the old Joe's of Westlake feeling.  I would like to say to those who seem compelled to criticize Banchero's that you should really think about what are you comparing this to?  It is in a league of its own, and as such, deserves five stars!  If you disagree, you are entitled to your own opinion, and I promise no more drunk yelping on you!
<review# 2233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2008,6/29/2008,636,190,20,17,20>Take my advise...come here as a group. Whatever you do...just come w/ as many people you can convince to come w/ you. Do NOT walk around 12th St. Bart alone. I have never  been sized up more times in 2 blocks, than last night. No I'm not paranoid, I currently live in the TL of San Francisco, have lived next to projects and visited ghettos in the Philippines. So I know when I'm getting sized up. I have NEVER had to keep looking back that many times. Just be careful out there. Now on to the restaurant. The place is real casual and roomy. I don't know how we did it, but we managed to fit like 15 people around a table. They don't call it Spice 3 for no reason. Pretty much anything you order will watter your eyes and clear your sinuses. I said I wouldn't cry when seeing my good friend Ruth off to Los Vegas...but the food made me do it. I luv spicy food and they deliver. The menu is extensive w/ several choices both for the Veg and Carnivore alike. Prices are ok....7-8 bucks an entree. I only deduct one star for the Stinky Tofu.....it smells pretty bad....tastes ok....BUT the pains from my stomach woke me up at around 11:00 and kept me up till 1:00. Yes, for 2 hours I was in fetal position quivering w/ pain as my stomach and intestines knotted up. Someone let this Alien out of my stomach! All for now...enjoy.
<review# 2234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2008,6/28/2008,36,347,11,12,14>I really don't like sales people waiting on me. I mean, I really don't like it. And I really don't want to tell anyone my size or what it is I'm looking for cause I know they'll get it all wrong & I'll be forced (out of my sensitive nature) to try on some horrendous something for the sake of appeasing the poor girl that went out of her way to try to help me cause I don't have balls & I don't want to hurt anyone's feelings. OK, so that said, I wandered around Slash on Saturday waiting for my friend to try on jeans. My own work place just went casual which means we can wear jeans every day, thus I could justify purchasing another pair to add to my already extensive collection. However, I really wasn't down with trying on several pairs only to be most likely disappointed & fat feeling. I like pretty tight jeans in the darkest wash possible but sadly skinny jeans make me feel ice cream cone shaped & flared jeans make me feel 5 years ago. Therefore straight are where it's at for me. But... it was looking like a very skinny jeans-ish selection to me & I was quickly losing hope in leaving with a new pair. The girls who work at Slash aren't pushy. Nor do they seem bored or too cool to help. They're actually super normal & friendly, almost like they could have been 2 of my pals that I came in with. I reluctantly finally explained I liked dark & tight but not skinny, and was handed a pair I hadn't given a second look at. I said "Well, I don't know, these look pretty skinny and I..." but I was nicely reprimanded "trust me, you'll like these". And I tried them on and presto, best jeans ever! Super tight, dark, & best part, my friend said I looked almost skinny! OK, not to be shallow & lame, but I'll take what I can get. Moral of the story, I'll be back. They have an awesome selection of denim, in a nice range of prices so if you're not feeling like laying down $150 for a fancy pair you don't have to. The ones I left with were around $80 & are a definite competitor with my $180+ jeans, so I also feel like I saved a decent amount of cash. Other items found at Slash include cute & comfy dresses, vintage boots & quirky necklaces and wallets. Oh, and I'm wearing my new LTB jeans today and I must say, I vainly have checked out my bottom half several times already and I like what I see. My BF gave a nice glance of approval as well.
<review# 2235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2008,6/27/2008,31,73,14,16,15>East Oakland, repreZENT!Come for the blue bottle coffee.Stay for the fresh meltinyourmouthohsodelicious banana or banana blueberry muffins.Stay longer for the free wi-fi.  Works flawlessly.I'll admit it.  I'm a java junkie.  Weaned on the goodness served in North Beach and then spoiled by the attention to detail and passion found in the brews at local favorites I've already reviewed.  So when I encounter a new indie shop opening in the neighborhood, I begin to salivate with eager anticipation.  I'm so glad this place opened!  It's the perfect neighborhood coffeeshop on this side of the lake.  Some of the friendliest people you'll ever meet working the other side of the counter, with a blend of modern/alternative/classic music in the background (not overpowering), and a refreshing rotation of artwork on the walls from local artists.  Whenever I'm in the area (forgive me Peet's), this is where I'll get my fix.  So if you see me jogging around the lake one day and then suddenly veer off like a crazed lunatic, you'll know.
<review# 2236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2008,6/26/2008,341,458,19,20,24>My husband is a sweet romantic.  He sends me flowers for most occasions, and often for no occasion.So I'm not sure why I was so surprised to open my door to a gorgeous bouquet on our 8th wedding anniversary.  But I was.  The arrangement was lovely and has lasted an unusually long time.  The delivery guy was very nice.  As he was walking off, I said, "Wait!  Let me get something for you" and started looking for a tip.  Unfortunately, I could not find any small bills.  He kept saying, "Not necessary, don't worry" as I scrounged my purse and asked if he had any change.  I wound up giving him a lousy buck, and he graciously accepted it with a smile and a Thank You.My husband is a loyal shopper, so if they continue with such nice quality, I'm sure they will get lots of repeat business.  And I'll try to keep some cash on hand for the nice delivery folks.
<review# 2237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2008,6/25/2008,832,283,86,50,57>HELPFUL HARDWARE MAN:  May I help you?TSADA:  Yeah, I'm looking for one of those door things.HHM:  Door things?T:  Yes.  You know, they're metal and...ugh, I have no idea what they're called.HHM:  Knockers?T:  *gasps, folds arms across chest*  HHM: DOOR knockers.T:  Oh, sorry.  *unfolds arms*  No. They're flat...HHM:  *raises eyebrow* They ARE? T:  *refolds arms* The metal door THINGS. HHM:  Oh, sorry.  T: That's okay.HHM:  Do you need a a mailbox? Is that what you're talking about?T:  No, no, no.  This is for inside my house.  It's the flat thing that goes against the wall.HHM:  Wall?  I thought you said it was for the door?T: *sighs* It is.  It's the piece that goes on the whadyacallit--the molding thing, the frame, or whatever you call the thing that the door goes into?HHM:  The hinge?T:  No.  It goes on the other side--where it closes into the wall.  Okay, check it out.  You know when you turn the knob and the little thing pops out?HHM: *raises eyebrow*T:  Bear with me.  The thing pops out and then it sticks into the little hole in the frame, or the molding, or whatever the hell it's called.  Like this.  *makes two-handed gesture of finger sticking into hole*HHM: *raises both eyebrows*T:  *raises the hand that is representing the hole and shakes the hole at the HHM* This part is what I am talking about. The hole. The hole is what I need.  I am looking for a flat piece of metal that you nail to the door frame or molding or whatever, and it has a small hole for the thing to stick into when you turn the knob, so that the door stays shut.  I have the knob, I have the frame, I have the door, I have the thing that sticks in the hole, but it won't stay put without the hole itself.  Do you have it?  The hole?After about twenty minutes of this, we finally determined that neither one of us knew what the fuck the other was talking about, and so the Helpful Hardware Man took me over to the door hardware section and I found exactly what I needed.  Of course I still have no idea what the fuck it's called.Five stars for being a friendly neighborhood hardware store with a cute little cat that sits in the window.
<review# 2238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2008,6/24/2008,263,244,26,28,26>On a 104-year-old oak kitchen floor, how much of the total surface area do you suppose is consumed by nail heads?  One one-hundredth of one percent maybe?  Mas o menos?  So what do you figure are the odds of dropping a chef's knife and having it land point down right on one of those nail heads?  I can answer that question: 100%.So when one of my favorite knives (one for which I made a special excursion to a special knife shop in Stuttgart, Germany, just to buy) suffered that cruel fate . . . its tip bent and sad . . . well, I took it to Bob Kattenburg's "The Critical Edge" knife sharpenning stand to have the tip ground off.I said "I can come back and get this next week, or I can come back later today - whichever you prefer."  Bob says "I'll have it done in 15 minutes."Wow!So I roam the Ferry Building for a few minutes - ogle seven million different kinds of silicone rubber kitchen implements at Sur la Table, and mosey back over to The Critical Edge to reclaim my knife - now slightly shorter, but no worse for wear.  If you didn't know it used to be a quarter inch farther to the tip, you'd never realize it had undergone surgery on the grinding wheel of Bob.5 stars for quality work, good customer service, and a friendly smile.
<review# 2239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2008,6/23/2008,301,844,13,16,18>Talk about entering the Red Light District... The lighting, what minuscule amount there is, is all in red, definitely creating a sultry mood. (Which some people I noticed were taking advantage of...) On the plus side, everyone looks better in such conditions, so your odds of leaving alone fall precipitously. The bartender, Melissa, was awesome. (Disclaimer: We got a Yelp discount of $1 on well drinks for the inaugural East Bay DYL happy hour.) She was quick and friendly in responding to all our orders. More important than pouring our drinks strong (which she did) she poured them well-proportioned (like she herself) so they also tasted really good. Despite being the only bartender, she still came back and cleared our tables of empties at least 3 times. The bouncer and later bartender were also responsive about shutting down the guy who started lighting up cigarettes in the back, which I really appreciated.The men's restroom looks like it was "painted" using nothing more than a couple red paint-bombs, and given the broken angle of the door, that wouldn't surprise me. Still, it was clean, well-stocked, and in otherwise good condition. Unlike most bars I've been in, Ruby Room kept their music to a very reasonable level. I could carry on a conversation without shouting, yet could enjoy the music without straining if a good song came on. And when someone cranked it up, Melissa was very cool about adjusting the speakers so they weren't blaring right into our group.The great staff, atmosphere, and 4 block proximity to Lake Merritt BART make this a great bar to visit again. Just remember to eat your carrots beforehand or bring a seeing-eye cat!TRIVIA: Rubies are geologically the same as sapphires, being the same mineral (corundum). Trade in rubies has been tracked back as far as 100 BCE along China's North Silk Road. Today, roughly 90% of rubies are mined in Myanmar (Burma), prompting many jewelers and governments, including First Lady Laura Bush, to call for a boycott.
<review# 2240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2008,6/21/2008,424,1322,18,21,23>My wonderful man took me to dinner last night to celebrate me finishing my first semester back in school with fantastic grades. He wanted me to choose a place that I wanted to go to but hadn't been to so I could not only have a nice dinner, but have a new place to Yelp (yep, he's that type of guy).I made reservations on opentable.com(of course) for 7pm and when we arrived at the restaurant the hostess asked if it was our first time there. We were seated in a comfortable area with I swear, one of the best servers I have ever encountered. She was smart, funny and gracious. She knew the menu well and when I questioned whether a menu item they had was truly authentic "Pici" (a specialty in Siena, Italy), she talked to the manager who came over and offered to give us a small plate on the house as an appetizer "just to check it out". I can tell you, it was fantastic and for a moment, I was able to block out everything else and was in Italy again. My guy had the special-sand dabs with a roasted corn and spinach risotto. It was delicious, and I didn't remember liking sand dabs. I had the roasted beet salad which was good, but for being a beet salad was a little disappointed it only had 2 slices of beets. For my main, I ordered the funghi pizza. It was good but I was too full after the Pici, the salad and bites of fish to eat more than one slice. For dessert we shared a caramel gelato with balsamic strawberries. Talk about a mouth-gasm! Yee Haw!So, the food deserves 4 stars. The service alone deserved 10 stars. Since we can only go up to 5, this was a solid 5 star experience.
<review# 2241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2008,6/19/2008,1070,429,24,24,26>There's something very sweet and very admirable about two women manning an entire taqueria and panaderia by themselves. Who needs penii when these women ROCK the Mexican food? Perhaps it was the 10 mimosas I had earlier in the day, but I haven't had such an awesome quesadilla in ages. $7 got me a carne asada quesadilla with heaping portions of gaucamole, salsa verde, and sour cream. As each of us vacuumed up every last lick and taste of cheese and spice, we noticed the saying written on the chalkboard on the wall:"La mentira es la verdad esperando salir."Lying is the truth hoping to escape. With the urge to toss out a cliche becoming overwhelming, I can only say that the East Bay is so very lucky to have such a fantastic Mexican stop within a stone's throw of some wicked pubs, and that I sincerely hope that it isn't ruined by a sudden spike in popularity. So go away. Walk on by. This place really blows. It completely sucks. I've never had worse Mexican food. Honestly.
<review# 2242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2008,6/17/2008,151,400,5,11,11>Angelino is wonderful! Everything about our gondola ride was magical. We brought cheese, olives, bread, and wine. We began our ride just as the sun was setting and we were fortunate to have one of the warmest eves in February! His voice is soft and soothing and the skyline is beautiful. I'd never seen the whole lake and we really got the grand tour.When they move into the new boathouse this summer, I think it's going to be much more difficult to get a reservation so check out this gem before it blows up! It's well worth your time and money. Sit back and relax.
<review# 2243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2008,6/16/2008,121,191,14,20,16>Lou"cifer" our tour guide gave us the history of absinthe.  He debunked the myths of its hallucinatory properties and told us of the ups and downs of St. George getting a bottle label approved through a US regulatory agency.  Apparently a monkey playing drums on human skulls with bones as drumsticks didn't receive the agencies approval.  Another was rejected because the most prominent word on the label was "Absinthe".  Yet another was rejected because they used a number on the label.  No numbers were allowed.  I guess no one in the agency drinks Jack and Coke (Jack Daniels Old No. Seven).Hangar One is located in an old airplane hangar on the former Alameda Naval Base.  The tasting room boasts a spectacular view of San Francisco bay with even clearer views from the picnic tables just outside of the tasting room.  The tasting menu ($10) consisted of two fruit brandies, five vodkas, one whiskey and four liqueurs.  Mt. Meenao Late Harvest Viognier wine (not on the tasting menu) was my favorite.  The most usual was the Qi Black Tea Liqueur that tasted like BBQ sauce (yuck!).  For $10 you can try Absinthe Verte which taste like black licorice.  They will pour water in it so you can see the green fairy but they didn't break out the special silver spoon and sugar cube.TIP: Pack a picnic lunch and if you have any extras like cup cakes or whatever don't forget to share with the cool staff at Hangar One.
<review# 2244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2008,6/13/2008,501,1477,15,16,16>I'm not that into sweets.  I usually skip dessert and I am not often tempted by cookies, cakes or candies (even sugar free ones).  This morning, I decided to stop by La Farine because the collective response of people when I would say I'd never been was, "What?! Oh my god."  Made me feel like a freak.The bakery is small but smells divine with freshly baked bread, pastries, cutely shaped cookies and cakes.  So I got the famous morning bun and it was delicious.  Flaky, buttery, cinnamon-y but soft and moist on the inside and not too sweet.  When it was over, I was covered in brown sugar and pastry crumbs like a little kid.
<review# 2245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2008,6/12/2008,364,268,9,11,10>I could smell the aroma of chicken, ribs, links, and brisket sizziling on the grill and smeltering under a thick layer of Everett & Jones special BBQ sauce. I could smell it all the way from the Sunset District in San Francisco. The aroma crossed the bay and fought it's way through the fog to alert me that lunch for the day would consist of sticky finger licking good BBQ'd meat served with a side of potato salad and whole wheat bread. Actually, the aroma of meat I was smelling was my neighbor's backyard memorial day BBQ, but it made me crave some BBQ...BAD...and so I found myself at Everett and Jones in Oakland. The service -- fast friendly and curteous. The decor -- not pretentious, but warm and cozyThe meats -- grilled to perfection (the chicken was the best)The sides -- just okay (potato salad was a tad sour and acidic)
<review# 2246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2008,6/11/2008,43,141,15,14,16>I consider Le Cheval to be a compromise between my father and I when we go out to lunch. His first choice is always the local hospital cafeteria and I consistently shoot that one down for obvious reasons.I introduced my family to Le Cheval when I was working in Jack London Square back in '98. They had never tried Vietnamese food before and my father in particular, fell in love with the cuisine. Now that his only daughter lives in Oakland-I'm the perfect excuse for him to drive through the tunnel to get his fill of the stuff.The last time we went to the Oakland restaurant there was a small sign that said to come visit them at their new Walnut Creek location. My father's eyes got wide, just like an eleven year-old boy catching his first ever glimpse of porn. My father works in Walnut Creek and through the entire lunch kept trying to figure out where the new Le Cheval was located and when could he go.So when our New York relatives came into town for a visit , it's no surprise that my dad chose Le Cheval in Walnut Creek as a dinner spot. Very nice ambiance, our large group was seated almost immediately without a reservation, and we had friendly attentive service throughout the evening.Plenty of veggie options to choose from-we had the garlic eggplant, the lemongrass tofu with vegetables, and the veggie tofu clay pot. All were good, surprisingly my favorite of the veg dishes was the eggplant and I've never been a big fan of the stuff. I'd also recommend trying one of the cold vermicelli salads.I'm inclined to give Le Cheval 3 stars because while it's consistently good Vietnamese cuisine, it's just, well... good. I've been to more exciting Vietnamese restaurants. These four stars are for my dear old dad who would probably be so generous as to offer to have my wedding catered by Le Cheval. But that would only be after I turn down his offer of getting married at his favorite hospital cafeteria.
<review# 2247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2008,6/10/2008,192,96,11,21,20>We ate here last night for the second time, and both times the food was great.  Last night we had their charcuterie plate, a cheese plate, and the sardinas a la plancha.  The sardines were by far the highlight of the meal.  They were perfectly seasoned, light, crispy and served over a new potato salad with some kind of green sauce, that tasted like it may have been basil.Their charcuterie was also good.  We enjoyed the air dried beef, chorizo, garlic sausage, and smoked duck breast a lot.  The pork and rabbit pate was tasty, although the texture was a bit meatier than most pates I have had.  The cheese plate was fine, just a bit boring.  It came with three types of cheese, all lonely on their plate.  They were begging for some almonds or grapes or something.The other time we came we had the paella cesar.  It was tasty, but missing the crusty rice that I love so much about paella.  It was flavorful and a great dish to share with our friends.  We also had the salt cod & potato cazuela, and it was totally different from anything I have ever had.  Almost like a cod and potato mash, still tasty.  This place has a great outdoor patio and an open airy feel, which was nice.  We have yet to try the cocktails, but we will be returning soon to try some of their mixed drinks or a non-alcoholic home made soda drinks with great flavors like elderflower, lemon mint or sour cherry.
<review# 2248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2008,6/9/2008,262,27,20,20,22>AguacatesLimasCebollitasElotesThat was my shopping list today for this market. I appreciate living next to Chinatown but sometimes I want a produce store with the frutas y vegetales of my people. Where what would be strange and exotic to some, I know exactly what is without a sign translating into English. Actually, all the produce signs at Evergreen are en Espanol and that's fine by me. So, I'm barbecuing with mis amigos Americanos this weekend and have in my head that I want to make Mexican style carne asada tacos. The kind on a slightly charred soft corn tortilla, a few whole pinto beans, some freshly grilled and chopped skirt steak, a slice of avocado, a squeeze of lime and a sprinkle of crumbled cotija cheese. Throw in a blackened green onion with a fat little bulb on the end and add a roasted ear of corn with the husk still attached that's gonna be slathered with mayo, more cotija cheese, more lime juice and some chile powder and we're set. Evergreen is making this an affordable idea too. Three heavy bags of produce for my gig cost $13.97 out the door. I got the list above plus a bag of fresh cut nopalitos, papas, platanos (plantains) and calibacitas just cuz.Yum-o(Si, I find Rachel Ray annoying too but just writing this review made me hella hungry...!discupeme!)
<review# 2249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2008,6/8/2008,310,324,4,14,15>Wow, this is some good pizza that'll fill you right up! Honestly I'm used to eating skinny crust pizzas, and so eating a Chicago style pizza was definitely a great treat for me.  I had two slices of pizza and I was super duper stuffed. Tried their mushroom/spinach pizza (my new favorite!), and a slice of my own concoction or jalapeno/pepperoni as well. We ordered a couple more different kinds of pizzas, but there was no way I could fit more pizza into my belly without exploding. If you're looking to feast on just one meal the whole day I suggest coming here :DPS - The only thing that was a little disappointing was the fact that they only had a handful of salads as appetizers. I was looking forward to some garlic bread or something to start the meal with!
<review# 2250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2007,6/7/2008,237,253,14,22,17>I see this as an opportunity and challenge to inform my fellow Yelpers of what proper Persian food is and how to best enjoy your meal at this restaurant.  First, lets digest this fact... Alborz is a mediocre Persian restaurant at best.  Not bad, not great....just average. How do I know this you ask?  Simple.  I am Persian, have eaten Persian food my entire life made by countless restaurants, aunts, uncles, grandma's, grandpa's, mothers, fathers.  I am a self proclaimed expert and if you value experience and a discerning tongue for quality you will listen carefully and take some notes.  1.)  Service.  Are you Chinese?  If so, ever been treated really well at a Chinese restaurant compared to non-Chinese.  Yes, you say?  Oh no you're not Chinese?  Either way you probably understand a thing or two about cultural preferential treatment.  Mainly, if you are Persian, speak Farsi, you are going to get better service 9 times out of 10 at a Persian restaurant.  Not always true, but I have experienced it enough to establish a service/behavioral pattern.  In an ideal world, every table would have a server, patrons regardless of ethnic heritage would be treated as equals and so on and so forth.  Well guess what?  The real world has never operated like that.  Once you accept that this never happens, it will make the experience a more enjoyable one.  Persians are very proud people that see their food, language and culture as important and worthy of respect.  They are for the most part happy when non-Persians want to try their food, but try not to expect the same service and experience you get from a trip to Applebees when you eat there.  Service is slow for two reasons.  Persians think eating is a social event as well as one that is best not rushed, and Persian restaurants are usually family run businesses that put the emphasis on the food, not the service.  2.)  Appetizers.  Persian food has some awesome appetizers and tends to be eaten in a variety of ways...none are wrong, but the puzzled look of the patrons/WASP's faces when presented with a platter of bread, butter, herbs, onion, and cheese makes me think they could use some pointers.  The bread, dips, herbs, cheese, onions...whatever, presented on the table prior to your entree are meant to be eaten together.  Iran having been a mostly pastorlist country is big on the dairy products....not too many weight watcher diet plans in Iran.  They slather the butter on the bread, peal off some onion, dip the mixture into the cheese or eggplant dip and promptly stuff their face with the munchy goodness.  The powdery substance on the table is Somac.  A berry that is dried and ground.  It is great sprinkled on the meat and rice dishes.  I love it on just about everything.  It has a really strong flavor so try it before putting it all over your plate.  Everything that is given to you is also great with most entrees so save some bread to have with your meat and rice.3.) Entrees.Meat, Meat and Meat.  Stop complaining the food lacks vegi options.  Vegetarians in Iran are rare so the menu reflects this.  There are some awesome vegi dishes but Persian food is known for its grilled meat.  So do yourself a big favor and order an entree of meat cooked rare and enjoy!I give Alborz an extra star due to its location and its wine menu.  I find it lacking in many areas, but the most obvious, taste, presentation, overall quality of food, and service....yes service.  Even for a Persian restaurant they could hire more than 1-2 servers._________________________________________________update 2/28/08 Extra Star GivenI now eat at this place several times a month, sharing it with my friends who are unfamiliar with Persian food.  Alborz has also hired a hot server, which cemented an extra star for them.  To the server:  Marry me, our children will be beautiful.  You know what I am talking about.
<review# 2251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2008,6/5/2008,184,198,12,14,15>Don't ask me why I never got to the Parkway.  Being the film buff I am, it's quite the mystery, but perhaps it has something to do with always getting lost in Oakland.  In any case, they have made it a complete no-brainer for me by opening the Cerrito.I have died and gone to heaven.  Is there anything I like better than sitting on my butt watching a movie and eating food? (yes, there might be a few things, with the right person, but still)  They BRING you the food?  You can sit in theater chairs with tables in front of you, or on comfy chairs or couches?  You can drink wine? I do wish I could come here with my son DURING the week, but for every one of me, I know there are several people who appreciate the adults only policy on weekdays.We had buffalo wings which were really damn good, pizza which wasn't the CheeseBoard, but was a durned sight better than Dominos or Round Table, and wonderful popcorn in real metal bowls, with ..you guessed it...real butter (anyone who's read my reviews knows where I stand on this issue).  Root beer on tap! What fun.  Next time we're going to lol around on the couches, because it there's anything I love better than sitting, eating, and watching movies, it's lying down, eating and watching movies.  Yay, Speakeasy!  I'm a convert.
<review# 2252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2008,6/4/2008,704,190,25,20,22>Do you smell that??? No, not that! Yuck.  Ahh... Yes, that. That's the smell of NICENESS. Unlike at Koryo across the street, the ladies here are all so friendly and warm! And I've noticed that lately, they've gotten some really hot Korean male waiters! Oh hey what your name be is?I had my 27th My Little Pony-Themed Pink Birthday Surprise Party here. And it couldn't have been at a better place!!From the statues of fat Korean women in doggy-style poses hanging on the wall to the 25 cent coffee machine by the entrance, this place is like my Korean home.The food is pretty standard for above-average tasting Korean food. The bul go gi and kal bi are top notched. The dol sot bi bim bap (rice, vegetables and beef in sizzling clay pot) is overflowing with bounty - it's actually a good idea to add extra rice to the claypot while mixing it all up (this is USEFUL information).The selection of ban chan (the tiny tea plate-sized appetizers) is what separates this from a few of the other places though. The marinated fish cake, the chili dried anchovies, the bean sprouts in sesame oil... All these little things are like tiny rhinestones of happiness in the disco ball of love known as Sahn Maru
<review# 2253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2008,6/3/2008,896,1265,28,26,26>That bottomless box of sake (nomihoudai) was the draw that got ten Yelpers & friends together at this tiny sushi restaurant.  We ordered appetizers, several rolls, and of course, the sake.  Not the greatest quality sake, but you hardly notice after the first two box fulls. The food wasn't half bad either....and I walked out only $25 lighter than when I came in.  I usually don't ever get shitfaced.  I mean, really, at 28 years old, I would like to think that I have the presence of mind to maintain my composure while drinking.  But I left Coach Sushi yesterday as drunk, loud, and stupid as a freshman sorority girl at her very first kegger.ROCK ON!!!
<review# 2254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2008,6/2/2008,401,241,19,15,10>I never thought that I would write these words in a sentence:  I had a great root canal today.Dr Ho and crew are amazing - professional to a fault, low key, and accommodating. Their offices are state of the art - digital instant x-rays, probes to see how deep the canals are, titanium whatsises to file out the dying tooth splooge.   Plus his space is comfy, modern, soothing, all the bells and whistles...The cheesemonger is not often impressed with credentials, but this guy has the educational training - UCLA, Cal and Harvard for crissakes.  Talk about an underachiever!Did I talk about his staff?   Fun, friendly, efficient and professional.  They fed my meter, laughed at my corny jokes and did everything to make me feel comfy.I'm going back for a check-in in a few months, and I'm actually looking forward to it.Cheesemonger sez:  Shop at Dr Ho's Root Canal Store!!And to invoke the spirit of ol' skool rappers like Mos Def, Mele Mel and the Furious Five: "Eveybody say Ho!"  HO!!PS, I don't know wtf is up with fellow yelper pea p. She never  had a root canal from Ho and Co, and she gives him one star because her insurance wouldn't cover the entire amount??  Hell yeah, I'd make sure that a student with no job paid up front before I provided her with services...
<review# 2255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2008,6/1/2008,541,1054,21,27,28>This place really is a Mexi-catessen!  On one side, a friendly, family-owned restaurant, featuring made-with-love tastes of grandma's (mexican) cooking that will leave you full and happy, with change to spare.  On the other side, a store where you can buy all sorts of supplies and condiments, and a pinata selection like no other.  I enjoyed a weekday lunch there with man-about-town Sean S. and I was pleasantly surprised to see how many vegetarian options they offered, even vegetarian chips.  I stuffed myself silly with the combination plate - a pork tamale, a chicken soft taco, rice, and pinto beans.  Oh, and chips, salsa, guacamole, and a refreshing horchata to wash it all down - I think all of that (which would have been a family dinner for most people) set me back around $11.00.  If you don't want to walk away with that Tight Pants feeling, you can easily get full for around $7-8.00.The food was delicious, flavorful, and fresh fresh fresh.  The chicken in the taco felt like it had been pulled off of the bird mere minutes before making my dish - big chunks, not small shreds like at some places.  The pork tamale was delicious and tender and savory - I wish I had gotten some to take home for later!  The best part of all was meeting Tina herself.  She is as bright and cheerful as the colorful decorations that cover the restaurant.  I'll be back soon for some more comfort food, Mexican style - with a shopping bag in hand to stock up on some food for later!
<review# 2256,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/12/2008,5/31/2008,70,86,14,20,17>Foodies, I swear I am one of you.I don't know how to prove it, but I guess it won't be with my review of Chez Panisse.  When it comes to food, I usually agree with the informed consensus... and I would certainly say that many fans of Chez Panisse are well informed.  So I decided it was a fluke when my first experience didn't blow me away, and I resolved not to review Chez Panisse until I had been a second time.  Alas, my second experience turned out to be even less away-blowing.  I'll note that my review only applies to the Cafe upstairs; I have yet to try a prix fixe meal downstairs.The highest words of praise that I can give their food are "innovative" and "good."  GOOD.  Good is great, if it's convenient and cheap.  Good can even be five-star, if say I find it in Fresno, or Nebraska, or anyplace else where I least expect it.  But in the Bay Area, at $40+ a head, in one of the most celebrated restaurants in the world, GOOD deserves no more than three stars.  And mind you, my rating has been tilted upwards by excellent service and a very enjoyable atmosphere.Maybe they invented their genre of food, and for that I give them mad props.  I love ultra-fresh, envelope-pushing California cuisine as much as the next guy.  But the fact is that I've had this cuisine elsewhere... better... cheaper... in Berkeley.  It felt like going all the way to Paris and deciding the Eiffel Tower in Vegas is nicer.I insist that I'm comparing apples to apples.  For almost every dish I tasted at my table (of six people), I could name something very similar and at least as good that I've had at Adagia or Gregoire.  Cesar (next door to CP) even has better olives.  A lot of the items at Chez Panisse were simply too salty, and I just couldn't quell the "Are you kidding me?" sentiment.  And my dessert?  Just plain too sweet.  "Of all the mistakes a restaurant can make, you guys actually made THESE?"  I didn't invite these thoughts; they just crashed the party.I will go back to Chez Panisse, when the occasion arises, because I don't want this to be my opinion.  I want there to be some pinnacle of olfactory experience that I have yet to know.  I want to belong to this group of food enthusiasts who idolize Alice Waters, and I want there to be this place in the clouds that I always wish I were eating at.  But as of my second meal at Chez Panisse, the outlook is a little bleak.
<review# 2257,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/25/2008,5/30/2008,307,317,114,62,53>"Hi Mike, this is Bob, your kitchen contractor.  I wanted to let you know that, um, your wife has gone to Pietra Fina, a granite "boutique" and between the kind of exotic granite she selected, and the special edge design and the honed matte finish, well, you're a little over budget."  "How much over?"  "Are you sitting down?"  Apparently, the Pietra Fina Granite was hand mined with miniature picks by Alsatian dwarves deep in the Italian rainforest and contains several carats of diamond every linear foot.  Or so it would seem.  So, after being assured that a raw granite slab is a raw granite slab - it's just the designs which differ - we went in search of slightly cheaper granite. Granite Expo was a LOT cheaper.  Like the difference between $45 a foot and $12 a foot.  (And the $12 stuff was very nice and not nearly their cheapest.)  But unlike a place like Pietra Fina (where they treat you like you are shopping for suits at Neiman-Marcus), at Granite Expo you are pretty much on your own.  They seem to specialize in pre-finished granite that you just buy and install yourself.  But we were looking for raw slab and they do have tons and tons of  it.   Getting them to move heavy slabs so you can pick out the one you want is nearly impossible, and getting them to break off a small piece so you can take it home to see how it looks is completely impossible.  In fact it will result in a conversation like this:  Wife (to saleswoman):  "I like this granite, but the sample in the showroom looks pretty different from the actual slabs in the yard.  Do you have any samples from those slabs?" Saleswoman:  "No.  Only these." Wife: "Can you break off a small piece from the yard slabs for me to take home?" SW: "First you buy.  Then take sample." Wife: "Hmm, well once I've bought, I wont need the sample.  Just a small one please?" SW: "First you buy. Then take sample."So my wife heads outside in to the granite yard, fully intending to break off her own sample.  And the "first you buy" woman follows her.  "Hey lady, where you going?" Wife walks faster.  Saleswoman walks faster.  Until they are both kind of trotting.  And I am just standing there in the showroom, until they both disappeared into the labyrinthian aisles and aisles of raw slab granite.  A minute later, the saleswoman returns, muttering to herself in a Chinese dialect, and presumably they weren't nice things.  She never found my wife, who was always pretty good at hide and seek.  And the wife never got the sample.  But she did return the next day with the contractor and bought two large slabs, which have now been finished and installed.  And it looks pretty damn good.
<review# 2258,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/18/2008,5/29/2008,1251,575,11,14,10>This is one of those places that you try SO hard to love.... yet you fail.  Or is it that they fail you.... The view from this restaurant and patio is priceless.  You can see straight ahead into the city of San Francisco.  The driving distance from SF is only 13 miles or so - - easily reachable, and a different perspective of the bay than you would normally see from the SF-side.The hotel is great as you drive up - - it feels like a regal countryside mansion, the parking is pretty ample, and can be validated by the restaurant for up to two free hours.Before I get into all the reasons why Paragon is really not "all that" - -  I will say they make one VERY good Mac and Cheese.  It's not an entree, it's a $5 side dish, but it is very good.  Also, the bread they give you is very good - and the olive oil is fabulous.Now - - the reasons Paragon just does not make the cut:- We signed up w/ the hostess on the waitlist for patio seating, per the rules.        -FIFTEEN minutes of sitting at a table near the bar and NOT ONE server approaches to take a drink order.  NOT ONE.        -TWENTY minutes of waiting there.... and a seat on the patio becomes available.  This foursome walks that just entered the restaurant walks right out there and start sitting... and the hostess is on the        phone, totally unaware of this fact.  That was the table that WE were in line for!       - Finally, the hostess decides to go out there and say something - - and then another table opens up - - she LETS the other people remain in their seat and tells us our table will be ready soon.         - Finally, we get sick of waiting and go to the bar to order our own drinks while we wait for a table to open up.- One busboy or waiter  - a tall Hispanic dude - was seriously begging for a verbal encounter with me.  BEGGING.  Not once, twice or thrice, but FOUR TIMES, he knocks us in the shoulders or just inserts his hand between us SO ABRUPTLY to place either an order of food, a utensil we asked for or whatever, and all but slams it on the table.  First time, I thought it was perhaps a mistake, but noted his lack of an apology.  Second time, I see the pattern and I am not pleased.  By the third  time, my blood began to boil.  FOURTH TIME - - my blood was curdling, but it was a full patio, and I decided it wasn't worth it, but good GRIEF - - - he was up there w/ the worst possible server I have EVER had in a restaurant.  He was up there w/ my server from Kokkari.- The FOOD:  we ordered one glass of Macallan from the bar - - and noted the generous pouring.  One glass of Riesling (Dr. Loosen, one of my favorites) was also very nice.             -The appetizers that we had were a side of Mac and Cheese, a mushroom soup, and ahi tuna.  The Mushroom Soup came out cold - so we sent it back to get reheated.  When the waiter came back and threw it down on the table, believe it or not, it was STILL pretty lukewarm.  Now I am not sure if the kitchen intended for it to be a cold soup type of thing --  but if the customer says they want it hot - - - bring it back HOT.  The Ahi Tuna Tartare.... unimpressive.  Very small amount of Ahi Tuna w/ other fillers such as nuts and avocados in the tartare - tiny portion served w/ a massive bunch of sweet potato chips.  NO thanks.        - We decided to share an entree:  the Flatiron Steak w/ a grilled Portabella Mushroom and Potatoes.  The steak, while we requested it rare, was medium-rare at best.  The mushroom was good, the fries were quite tasty.  But all in all, it was nothing notable.  One plus was that the kitchen (or manager) had split it up into two plates for us, which is always a kind gesture, and much appreciated.        - None of the desserts looked appetizing, so we skipped it, but we did order two Cafe Americanos.  What we got was similar to previously brewed coffee than a good cup of Americano.I will make a note here that our actual server was friendly and quite efficient, unlike the busboy with the less than desirable attitude.  She never did one thing to ruin the experience, but she alone cannot save what that one man was working overtime to ruin.  Unfortunately, the food at Paragon can't save it either.  What DOES come to this restaurant's rescue is the view -  and for that alone, I'd be willing to go again, if I had to... but it was hardly worthwhile the first time.  I'll give 2.5 stars for the food (except the Mac and Cheese which was indeed very good) and throw in an extra star for the incomparable view.Next time, I'll have to borrow some of my dad's hypertension meds before eating here.
<review# 2259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2008,5/27/2008,107,131,29,17,17>I came, I saw, I got destroyed.About 45 minutes through my first session I was decimated to a heap of disgusting, non-breathing sweat. Just halfway through and I knew I would have to half-ass it the rest of the way or risk passing out. And even then, I had to step outside the room for a few breaths of fresh air.But I'll be coming back - hopefully tomorrow. The instructor was very encouraging and helpful, and my fellow classmates assured me that I wouldn't always go out like such a punk as long as I stick with it for a little while. Something about it made me feel a little less self-conscious - although that might not be a good thing. After the session I walked home without a shirt because I wanted to feel the breeze. Usually I spare the outside world from the sight of my lily-white chest. I hope the glare didn't cause any car accidents.
<review# 2260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2007,5/26/2008,412,187,13,44,60>If I could mark one review as one that really means something to me, it would be this one. I went here a couple weeks ago to get a new pack, some supplies and whatnots for my trip. Instantly, the people in the store inquired about what I was doing, not what I was buying. We spent a good hour telling stories while one of many many well travelled sales people showed me various things they thought I could use and overlooked: water purification drops, headlamp, key locks... etc. They totally understood that I was trying to keep costs at a minimal: less money spent on me = more for people that really need it. They even steered me away from expensive packs and showed me second hand ones because they knew I would give it away in the end. Really really really really nice guys (and one girl *hi*)I promised to send postcards and they rang me up.... but I had to be an idiot and only bring my Amex card... which of course they don't accept. They huddled... and re rang me up. My original total was well over 100 but magically things happened to be on sale and I just gave them all the cash in my purse... 30 dollars and some change. As I left, they all just smiled, waived and told me to pay it forward. I did. The money I saved there bought school supplies for the Children's Home in Likoni, Kenya. I can't thank you enough.. the kids say thanks too:flickr.com/photos/148481…
<review# 2261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2008,5/24/2008,429,327,15,23,27>900 Grayson is a throwback.Like, in 1840, when William Henry Harrison ran for President (and won) with the piquant slogan "Tippecanoe and Tyler Too." Or in 1924, when Calvin Coolidge won with the catchy "Keep cool with Coolidge." Or, in 1928, Herbert Hoover winning with the memorable, "A Chicken in Every Pot and a Car in Every Garage." Or in 1952, Dwight "I-don't-mince-words" Eisenhower winning with just  "I Like Ike."Cf. 1840, 1924, 1928 and 1952 with the 2008 Presidential Campaign slogans.  Take, for example (political leanings aside), Hillary  Clinton's "Ready for Change"; Barack Obama's "Change we can believe in"; and John Edwards'  "Join the campaign to change America."What?  *Sigh*Like 1840, 1924, 1928 and 1952, 900 Grayson does not mince flavors.  It is piquant, catchy and memorable.900 Grayson is that rare I Have to Go Back and Try More Stuff Off of The Menu place.  I was in heaven! with my selection of the "Tom Boy," Poached Eggs, Potato, Fuji Apple & Parsnip!!  The most tender and flavorful Corned Beef Hash with Acme White Toast; and the refreshing and fresh Ginger and Pomegranate "fancy" soda.  I also loved the super fresh house made Jelly.  The adorable kitschy but styled bright decor: Glazed Donut Holes in Sno-Cone cups!, Pastel Mini Macarons and assorted Cookies and Pastries nostalgically positioned in a display case.  I've already decided that my next visit will have to involve:-"Miss Piggy & the General", Milk-Braised 'Pulled' Pork Shoulder, Caramelized Onions, Creamy Vinegar Slaw, House-Made BBQ Sauce, Acme Roll & Herb French Fries; -the "Grayson Burger", Creekstone Natural Beef, Nueske's Double Smoked Bacon, N.Y. White Cheddar, Crispy Shoestring Onions also with House-Made BBQ Sauce & Herb French Fries;-Of course, the notorious "Demon Lover", Fried Chicken & Waffles with Cream Gravy; and-the  "Blackberry & Lemon Bread Pudding" with Berry Coulis. In a restaurant world distinguishable mostly for its sameness, 900 Grayson provides that zing that I think we may all be a little nostalgic for.  Hey, "your money - your tastebuds."*Brought to you by Real People.  Real Reviews.
<review# 2262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2008,5/23/2008,266,363,18,17,15>I don't often venture over to "that side" of Grand Ave., save for occasional trips to the GL Theater, Mijori, Silver Screen Video and the infamous Alley. I'm not sure why - one of those not-so-interesting life mysteries. Regardless, I actually stopped at Cafe diBartolo and therefore found another reason that Grand Ave. is just the place to be.It's pricey - but the coffee is GOOD. Like, Peet's coffee good. My breakfast sandwich (croissant, egg, bacon) was HUGE. I wasn't even hungry for lunch after that bad boy. Whoa dang. And the atmosphere was nice and mellow, perfect for hanging with a book or a friend over a strong-ass cup o' joe. Take THAT, Lakeshore Ave., with your stroller-infested tiny Peet's and overly-expensive Vine Wine and silly Starbucks and never-actually-set-foot-inside Noah's Bagels. But, you still have Arizmendi and Trader Joe's, so I guess the battle continues.
<review# 2263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2007,5/22/2008,88,53,8,8,11>After a hard afternoon of examining the Rockridge dining options with the delectable, delightful Kristen S, we finally washed up at A Cote's door. And a welcome sight it was too. The decor is fashionably gloomy - lots of dark woods and burnished metals and fancy light fittings that actually don't emit any useful light. But it's not harsh at all. In fact, it's quite warm and welcoming for the weary traveler.The menu is one of those situations where you're not quite sure if it's a classical appetizer-entree-dessert affair or a "small plates" free for all. It proved to be the latter and, in keeping with the decor, the food tends towards the rich and hearty. Duck, ratatouille, arrabiata, croque-monsieur etc, which also demonstrates they're "Pan-European". Hey, everyone's "Pan-Asian", so why not "Pan-Euro" despite the French name? I guess it's just "Mediterranean Rim" as the name would suggest.They also have interesting wine flights. Want to try several different Greek Xinomarvo's? This is your place. And they have fancy cocktails that, alas, I didn't get to try. At some point in the night, it became so unfashionably gloomy they came with extra little candles for the table to restore us to our previously chic state.
<review# 2264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2008,5/21/2008,146,319,8,13,12>Great Glory in the morning! What had been lost now is found!Why do you have to go to expensive/upscale fine dining establishments to get good pizza around here?  It's the Bay Area, home to one of the great world-class food cultures.  Yet all you see is love for Zachary's tomato-soup-in-a-bread-bowl, suggestions to experience fine dining a la Dopo, the ol' college try at LaVals and Arinell's, and a lot of Round Table pizza commercials.But man, why didn't I visit Gioia sooner?  It's the perfect blend of traditional Neopolitan pizza and East Coast-style wood-fired take-out.  The crust is almost miraculous in its flavor and texture (I save the rinds for last, to be enjoyed without the distraction of toppings), the layered ingredients follow the pizzeria rule of "never too rich, never too thin," and the price is right in the sweet spot that normally gets you a LaVals or Zach's takeout slice.Oh, but you get so much more.  This shall be a once-a-week habit for me.And speaking of "NY pizza"... in response to other stuff I seen posted here, I must say the the closest replica of the corner-shop pizza I grew up on in the NY/NJ area is the stuff sold at LaVals. Not a bad thing, but  really, a lot of it was not Gioia quality. While it's hard to get good pizza in the Bay Area, when you DO get good pizza, it's really good.
<review# 2265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2007,5/20/2008,456,631,12,9,14>Saturday night, abundant parking and shuffle board along the wall.I sat at the bar and watched my boyfriend engage in an impromptu drinking game with whom appeared to be the town regular--the joker you might say. He was a jolly fellow who alerted us to the $6 pitchers of beer (why pay $4 for a pint when you can have that deal!?), and then proceeded to engage my man in a game where the object was to raise their glass every time they heard the word "pork chop". "How odd", you must be thinking, since drinking games commence with much more thought out planning and usually coincide with some sort of degree of attachment to Kevin Bacon. Adding to the humor was the fact that my bf is a vegetarian.The decor in the bar hasn't changed in decades. Neither has the bartender--a simple man who pours a mean whiskey and gladly fills your pint glass half way with tequila and doesn't even blink. The clientele is sporattic: ranging from the old timers who sit down and talk of the huge fare eaten at other establishments (hence the porkchop commentary), wayward hipsters who like to play memory games while getting plastered, and the band of merry locals who stroll in like Cliff from Cheers and harangue the owner, but it's all in good humor.The juke box has a mind of it's own and the lighting may have been a bit too bright when we first walked in, but after a Prince song and a drink or two, they were dimmed. Ahh, if you want to go somewhere and be left alone, make a friend or get a cheap, strong (yet small) drink, well then Johnny Boozerini, the Hotsy Totsy is for you.
<review# 2266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2008,5/19/2008,147,84,16,13,15>I love movies, pizza, beer and comfy seating...combined together in that order.  Parkway Speakeasy Theater provides the awesome mesh that I love.  The movies are usually not the latest run, but I don't care.  I don't try to be trendy and keep up with the Jones. Pizza there is a little greasy, then again, what pizza tastes good dried? Call me crazy, be sure to add some beer yeast onto the very moist pizza (it's in the condiment section on the left, or on the right, I forgot.). Yeast makes pizza ummm ummm gooood.  You have be arrive there a little early so you can get the seating of your choice.  Don't try to make out in there, I can see you!
<review# 2267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2008,5/18/2008,567,250,12,16,18>This place is a cute little diner in a growing trendy area of Berkeley. I went here with my bf and his sister for brunch. We noticed that there was a disco ball hanging from the ceiling right when you enter the diner. I'm thinking that closing time must be wild for the cook and wait staff. As for the food. I loved it! Daily Special: Asparagus with poached eggs and lemon butter sauce served with home potatoes. This was really delicious. I loved how the home potatoes was cooked up with onions and the lemon butter sauce gave everything a nice little kick.Daily Special: Cornmeal pancakes. Sweet, delicious, and filling.Apple Soufle Pancake: This was absolutely amazing. You bite into it and it's very light. You can definitely taste the egg whites, but it's sweet like a pancake. The apples perfects this dish. Yum, yum, yum!
<review# 2268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2008,5/17/2008,89,178,13,16,16>Rosenblum is a diamond in the rough for wine tasting in the Bay Area.  If you are too lazy to go all the way up to Napa or Sonoma for wine this is the perfect place for some delicious and FREE  tasting.  Free wine tasting seems to be something of a novelty these days, especially in Napa where you're likely to pay $5-15 per tasting...kinda outrageous if you ask me, I am also ch-ch-ch-cheap.Not only is Rosenblum good for everyday tasting, they also throw some really awesome events 4 times a year.  These are their big tastings where you pay $25-35 for the day...40-50 wines...food...entertainment...a glass...  The first time I went, with my parents I might add, my friend and I thought it would be a good idea to try to taste every single wine there.  Word to the wise:  This is IMPOSSIBLE and you will throw up...in front of your parents...and be passed out by 3pm...and be hungover at 5pm...I learned my lesson and at the last Open House tasting event I attended, I made sure to share a few tastings, eat more of the food, and not get quite so boozed up...Definitely come here for the Open House Events.  You'll enjoy good food:  meat balls, french bread, mounds of assorted cheeses, fruit, steak, veggies, more bread & cheese, and even WINE ICE CREAM (this might not sound particularly appetizing but it is soo good, and purple, and filled with chocolate chunks, and they let you have as much as you want...I had about 5 cones...)Rosenblum is most known for their Zinfandels...I recommend:   -Rockpile Road Vineyard Zinfandel, Dry Creek Valley (92 points from Wine Spectator, $35)  Have your sugar daddy buy you this one...   -San Francisco Bay Zinfandel, Appellation Series (More affordable at $18 and also delicious)  -Vintner's Cuve XXX Zinfandel, California (Most affordable at $12)All the Petit Syrah's are also delicious and if you are into the sweeter dessert wines you have to try the Syrah Port, so tasty and completely affordable at $16 a bottle.  Definitely check this place out but make sure you have a designated driver...thanks Dad!
<review# 2269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2008,5/16/2008,304,300,13,15,11>Excellent seafood restaurant!I've been here disproportionately more times for weekend dim sum than for dinner, but the dinner we had there last night for the Chinese New Year was so outstanding that I had to write a review.We started it all off with a nice platter featuring pork neck, roasted pork with the crispy skins and jellyfish, followed by the main platters of salt & pepper crab, fresh rock cod, sharks fin soup, fresh shrimp.You can taste the freshness of the seafood there, which is their strength.While I noticed that some Yelpers didn't care for the no carts experience, it's quite common for dim sum restaurants to have order cards, even in Hong Kong.  That doesn't make it any less authentic.Their dim sum is actually quite good, and I put it in the same league with Fook Yuen (in Millbrae) and the former Harbor Village (formerly in Four Embarcadero Center).Also, it is helpful to have some working knowledge of Cantonese if you really want to explore the larger varieties of foods.If you have no intention of learning basic "Menu Cantonese", you can probably head over to UC Berkeley and invite a broke hungry student to a nice dim sum meal in exchange for their translating menu items for you.You'll learn how to order, and build your vocabulary from there on out.
<review# 2270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2008,5/14/2008,564,188,8,10,10>On my way to Papamingo's to satiate my craving for tart froyo, I walked past Ryno's.  Wait, what?  There's yet ANOTHER tart froyo place here?  Since when?!  Ryno's is totally a hole in the wall during the day, but at night, it's pretty much the only place lit up on the block.  Anyways, I took my chances with this new place, and you know what?  It taste just as good, there was no sleuthy crator in the center of my froyo (I swear part of the Papamingo's training involves learning how to acheive this) AND it was cheaper.  In other words, it was everything that I had hoped it would be, and then some.  Score!
<review# 2271,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/11/2007,5/12/2008,602,200,35,24,28>Oriental B.B.Q Chicken Town = OB Chicken TownI often correlate things to songs, so here are the 2 that popped into my head at OB Chicken Town:Song #1My jungle love, yeahOb ob ohI think I wanna know yaJungle loveOb ob ohGirl, I'd love to show ya.Song #2OBIt's the way it should beKeep it simpleAnd set yourself freeFrom the extrasThat you really don't needJust try OB and you'll seeYes, the second song is from a tampon commercial. The Yelpers invaded OB last Friday- we came, we ate, we drank, we conquered, we begrudgingly left. Yes, they asked us to quiet down, once the bill came. Quiet down = Korean Codeword for we have your money, now you bitches need to leave.I had 7 shots (maybe more?) of various types of Soju and a few mugs of Hite- I was one of the lucky ones that didn't have to drink OB once the Hite ran dry.  All I remember from that night was:- Hite- Shot of Soju- Corn Chips/Sweet Bugle snacks- Shot of Soju- Fried Chicken- Shot of Soju- More fried chicken- Shot of Yogurt Soju- More fried chicken- Shot of Yogurt Soju- Shot of Soju- Hite- More fried chicken - I am NOT kidding you, that's all they brought out until the last 15 we were there- Duk Bok Khee- spicy rice crack.....I mean cake. OMG so good!- Shot of Strawberry SojuSo much Soju, no wonder I was so obnoxious that night. That night?!?!?I think these pictures just sums it up:flickr.com/photos/mia_k/…argh.smugmug.com/gallery…YES- the following pic is of my hand/cup asking for more soju:argh.smugmug.com/gallery…argh.smugmug.com/gallery…argh.smugmug.com/gallery…Btw, I apologize to anyone I offended at Rosewood Room afterwards. As you can read above, I drank a bit.
<review# 2272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2007,5/11/2008,105,172,13,6,7>I've missed you.  So as soon as I get away from this computer, I'm coming to you.  Oh tofu scramble.  Muffin of the day.  Mediocre coffee.  Creepy hallway to the clean bathroom.  Po-ta-toes!  I can't wait to see you again.  And my beloved waitress:  I'm with you with the mood swings.  You've been on the up and up lately.  Glad to see it.  I'll be there in 15 minutes salivating over the food!
<review# 2273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2008,5/10/2008,610,620,23,16,21>WARNING Excessive use of tiki mugs filled with alcohol may lead to NUDITY! and de-flowering.Stay on target.As a fan of Tiki Bar TV, I was ecstatic when the co-owner of the Conga let me know that Dr. Tiki would be visiting the Forbidden Island.We got there pretty early - Dr. Tiki wasn't expected until 8:00.  We scouted a prime spot on one of the couches with a 1/2 barrel.  The menu - not only does it describe each drink in detail, it warns you of the strength.  Damn, I love rum.  I started with a Pirate's Grog, Arggg.  My friend ordered a Monkey Pod. Mmmm.Next up?  The suffering bastard was the special of the night and the beautiful server Melissa, recommended I go with a painkiller - double strong.  The bastard was blatantly strong.  The painkiller, however, was more of the silent type.  You feel like your drinking dessert and then - *Wham!*  I suddenly had a strong desire to no longer be wearing a top.  Before I actually acted on that - my friend pointed towards the aisle.  Dr. Tiki had arrived!  We just sat and stared. How does one approach a doctor of tiki?  We were handed our Forbidden Islands (for an extra $5 you can take home the tiki mug), I threw the orchid behind my ear and we pounced towards him.Martin aka, Martiki smiled and let us know he was giving Dr. Tiki the tour.  Dr. Tiki smiled and said, "join us!" I learned:The flickering lights in the booths were made by Disney Imagineers.  The decorated/marked dollar bills in the ceiling:    It started as a local tradition soon after the Forbidden opened.  In WWII, sailors shipping out to the Pacific would leave a dollar at their local bar to get a drink when they got back.One of the crafty ropey thingies hanging from the ceiling is from one of the POTC movies, Arggg.I'm a Disney freak - so I was a little star struck between the rope and the flickering lights.Stay on Target.Just as Martin was describing another piece of decor's history - Dr. Tiki stopped, looked down and stared questioningly into his green tiki mug.  He smiled and said, "What is IN this mug?"Heh.So the rest of the night was kind of a blur, I remember: Climbing up onto one of the barrels in my mini-skirt & boots to squeeze in for a picture with the Dr. Feeling a little awkward when we suddenly found ourselves in the middle of a sales pitch - and throwing up the bunny hands to try and ease the tension.Strangers in front of us ordering a flaming bowl and offering us to share.  We declined - as my friend was already at the "Did I just say that out loud?" state, but the lady at the table next to us seized the opportunity, bent over and started sucking out of the extra straw.  I knew it was time to cut my friend off when he had put his orchid in his hair (like mine) and then tried to have a discussion with her bent over ass.I de-flowered him and told him to behave.Even at the busiest, standing room only & a line - the staff was sharp.  Always smiling and multi-tasking.You can taste the freshly squeezed juice - it just makes a difference.I want a puffer fish lamp.Do NOT forget to bring your Hawaiin shirt!
<review# 2274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2008,5/9/2008,163,136,10,13,12>This review is long overdue. I went to Charles Chocolates last fall for their elite event and had an awesome time. I'm essentially a chocoholic and would say that chocolate is my main vice. I was in raptures. I show up and there is just chocolate everywhere, with really nice people pouring yummy ports, madeiras, and other wines to pair with them. My favorite by far was the first I tried, the Blood Orange Yankee (blood orange marmalade ganache), described at the end of this review. I was hovering in the corner near their table, arguing with myself about how many I was allowed to eat, and getting tipsy on madeira, when a nice man starting talking to me about chocolate. Turns out I was speaking with Charles of Charles Chocolates. He was so proud and enthusiastic about his chocolates, and interested in what I thought, and I thoroughly enjoyed our conversation. I learned a lot about chocolate, especially artisanal chocolate.After several wine tastings and even more chocolate tastings, I floated on my chocolate high over to the tour area, which is right next to the little gift shop. The tour area is set up so you can see almost all of the production area through a big huge window. Charles told us about all the different kinds of chocolates and the procedures they use to make them. He also told us that the best chocolate has no preservatives and should be eaten as soon as possible, and definitely within a month for the best experience.To finish of my time at Charles Chocolates I visited the shop and bought one each of all the different chocolates that appealed to me, and bought a gift box of my favorite Blood Orange Yankees to add to the wedding present of a good friend getting married the next week. And now for the description of the Blood Orange Yankees, which the Candy Addict Blog describes it so much better than I ever could:"Blood Orange Yankee: blood orange marmalade ganache with 65% bittersweet shell. The ganache was so smooth, and the orange flavor is delicate but noticeable. It has a nice citrus zestiness with an intensity from the marmalade. I also tasted a slight pleasant bitterness that suggest some of the fruit's rind."YUMP.S. If you want to impress me by buying me chocolates, I am picky, and milk chocolate does nothing for me. My favorite kind so far is dark chocolate with cayenne pepper and almonds, and Charles Chocolates Blood Orange Yankees. Thanks in advance.
<review# 2275,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/29/2008,5/8/2008,237,324,26,15,15>Wow. What an experience. What a weird experience.First, the food was really good. I had the pasta ribbons in the Chianti meat sauce (I have no idea what it was called) and my date had the rosemary chicken with potatoes. The food was well above average.The service. We were greeted by a girl who turned out to be our waitress. She gave us a look that made me think we had unknowingly walked in to a cult pledge meeting.She gave us our menus and asked if we wanted regular water or some other kind of water....she mumbled the other kind of water so I went for the regular. The menu's were enormous. Not a huge quantity of food, just large in size. We were then asked is we wanted a wine list, which I did request.A couple minutes later, she came back and ask if we had decided. I said "Yes, can we just do a half bottle of Chianti?" She said "Sure". I then put my head back down in to my open menu to look for what I wanted...about 25 seconds later, I look up and she is still standing behind my date. My date finally says, "We're going to need a couple more minutes" I had no idea she was still standing there.Another lady brings the wine out, and maybe I assume too much, but I thought the half bottle of Chianti meant that it was just a smaller bottle, but no, we were presented with an already opened half bottle of Chianti. It got me to thinking, who had the first half? Did they have to cut them off at some point? hmmm....We order our food, and a different girl brings us bread. We notice this girl give the table next to us a to-go box, and then curtsy, then leave the table....odd. Why didn't we get a curtsy?The waitress comes out with the food. She serves my date first by pushing the bread basket out of the way with the plate. The bread basket moves in to the water glass...guess what happens next...I'm wet. No worries though. They bring me another napkin after 10 minutes of eating.Five minutes later, I'm through. My date happens to eat a little more slowly than I do. I'm not worried about it. Apparently every other worker in the restaurant is. She was asked if she was through with her meal at least 4 times. 3 of the times she couldn't answer because she was chewing. The other time, she breathed. It wasn't late. They weren't trying to close. It was just weird. We ate, we drank, we laughed, I yelped.
<review# 2276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2007,5/7/2008,73,128,3,15,14>I would like to thank the person who had the idea to add a children's play area to this coffee house. I can sit and drink a tasty cup of coffee while the children I nanny play or look at books...fabulous! The area is small, but I come weekday mornings so it hasn't been a problem for me ( I am sure weekends are a bit crazy in there).The general seating area of the coffee house is great with tons of room; I particularly love the areas with couches and coffee tables that make me feel like I'm in someone's living room not a coffee house. The whole place  has a really comfortable, friendly vibe that would draw me there even if I wasn't just trying to entertain 2 kids on a rainy day.
<review# 2277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2008,5/6/2008,329,322,8,8,9>College Avenue (bougie), Gourmet Ghetto (more bougie), Strawberry Creek Park and the Berkeley Marina were the best things about living on this side. And La Mediterranee is one of the best things about College Avenue.I took a break from Packing Hell (soon to be followed by Moving Hell and the less-bad Unpacking Hell) to dine here with friends who live on Telegraph. We walked to La Med from their house and back, which was a nice bonus.Fillo dishes (it looks like eggrolls crossed with baklava) with salad and hummus are a nice departure from the usual Mediterranean fare - I like shawarma, falafel and baba ghanoush as much as the next person, but I usually don't crave it if it's scarce. This time, I had a ground beef fillo platter, but they have an also-good combo dish of all their fillo offerings. I didn't think ground beef (yawn) could be made so well, but I mowed much of the plate down without a problem. Leftovers for tomorrow, too. Tons of them.It's right near Ici, the line for which may just stretch down to La Med. You HAVE to go there, right?
<review# 2278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2008,5/4/2008,423,725,13,14,16>It's the bike shop/cafe/bar equivalent of the Eat Bay Rats MC club: tough, cool, and on your side in a brawl when you need them.  This is a motorcycle lover's dream come true: bike culture, beer, grub, two big flat-panel TVs to entertain you while you're here, bike dynoing, even car dynoing!  These guys have their heart and soul in their business, and it's more about the love of what they're doing than the business.They've got lots of tricks to make your bike faster, but you don't have to own a bike to hang out here - you can just dig the vibe and come in and hang out.  If you're in the mood for a tat, you can get that.  If you're not, have a few beers and the whole vibe of the place will get you in the mood.  This is the place where the 98 pound weakling goes in and comes out a badass mofo.  They've got a waffle, bacon, and mimosa breakfast for 7 bucks every Saturday from 10 to 3.  With an ample beer and wine menu, and an atmosphere that makes you feel like Steve McQueen, this might just be a great place for a first date when you want to play up your bad-boy side. ;)Oakland is a rough town, but Godspeed will get you through it in one piece.
<review# 2279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2008,5/3/2008,370,482,11,9,12>When we moved to the San Ramon Valley a year ago I was pumped to be close to a Hawaiian place, especially after we had just been to the Big Island and I was wishing for a "taste" of the islands. Well, fast-forward a year and we finally check out Kilohana Grill. Finally. It wasn't for lack of effort, though -- this place closes at 8 p.m. so don't go expecting a late dinner.I tried the mahi mahi plate that comes with two sides of rice and either potato or green salad. The potato salad was actually hella good. There were little noodles in there too. The rice was rice, I like to add lots of soy sauce to make it extra unhealthy. The fish itself was pretty good. I wasn't a huge fan of the breading -- too eggy I would say -- but not bad. My man got I believe what they called the "loco moco" -- a hamburger patty over rice with two eggs on the top, covered in gravy. I about hurled just looking at it but he said it was really good. It looked so disgusting though. Just pictuing this yellow runny egg breaking though the brown gravy makes me feel nauseous. But apparently it's damn good if that's your thing. For drinks, they have a very limited selection of canned soda but lots of canned Hawaiian drink choices.The service was friendly and I liked that the lady taking our order had a flower in her hair and flower earrings on -- I pretended we were in Hawaii for a minute when I saw her. Nice touch.
<review# 2280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2008,5/2/2008,22,25,2,8,4>The Cheeseboard is AMAZING. The pizza is always interesting and delicious (one a day, always vegetarian, ranging from zucchini to tomato to potato always with a wonderful cheese choice and sourdough crust) and the pastries are to die for. I brought them into my office this past week and they were gone within a few hours. It is way too hard to choose a favorite, between the chocolate things (not for the faint at heart), various scones, pecan rolls, brioche, and various other goodies, what's a girl to do?! I haven't done extensive cheese tasting, but have heard it's pretty much the best place in Berkeley to go.The Cheeseboard Collective (bakery/cheese counter) takes credit and debit cards while the Pizzeria is cash or check ONLY. The line is almost always out the door, so you have a few minutes to grab cash at one of the banks nearby. While seating is limited, the median (despite the signs saying otherwise) is exceptionally popular during lunch on Saturdays or early evenings in the summer. *Little known fact: Sun dried tomato and pesto focaccia is available in the afternoon. Both are excellent but the pesto (which goes VERY quickly, believe me) is unbelievable. Something to remember when you are walking around the gourmet ghetto in the afternoon!
<review# 2281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2008,5/1/2008,701,677,16,21,27>I met Alison Barakat (a.k.a. Bakesale Betty) when I was producing events for Paula LeDuc Fine Catering.  She used to rent their kitchen space to bake her amazing treats in time for the farmer's markets, where she would sell them to her adoring customers.I had no idea that she had expanded and opened up her own space, and within walking distance from my house no less!I had been hearing rave reviews from friends...the most common was "there's this one place...friend chicken sandwiches...you should try it"...but nobody could remember the name. Ummmm, HOW can you not remember the name Bakesale Betty?  Or her signature blue hair?  Or the fact that they have the most adorable space ever?  Jeez.  Amateurs.I walked on over to the restaurant today to grab one of these revered fried chicken wonders and some chocolaty treats for dessert.I walk in and see, oh, I don't know...approximately 15 staff whizzing about, making sammich's, taking orders, refilling cake stands with delectable treats.Honestly, I was SO impressed with the quantity of staff in this place, it was mesmerizing.  I think they had more staff per square inch than any restaurant I've ever been to.  Hooray for a place that doesn't under-staff!And, they're nice as can be.  Love this place already.I sat outside in the afternoon sun with my casual silver tray perched on top of a cutesy vintage ironing board.  Instead of tables inside/outside they have a collection of old ironing boards with stools.  SO CUTE!!I took one bite into the fried chicken and knew I was in for.  It's breaded to perfection and has just the right amount of spice (jalapenos, cabbage and pickled radishes I think).  So delicious I forgot that I was sitting outside on busy Telegraph, listening to the fast paced drone of automobiles.I'm going back later this week to try their egg salad.  I'm sure it will more than live up to the standards that have been set by my visit today.I honestly love supporting local merchants who do it and do it well.Bakesale Betty, you are my hero.
<review# 2282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2007,4/30/2008,304,73,13,18,16>Being that I'm from the "Old Country" I'm sure you can understand my discerning taste when it comes to Italian dining; some refer to it as "elitism" or being plain old "picky". Eff' that, i was raised on homemade pasta amatriciana, pasta carbonara and other lesser known Italian dishes.  I'll entertain friends' recommendations for Italian with a grain of salt, and if i do bite, it's always with cautious optimism. I am after all, a creature of habit. Once i find a restaurant that serves my favorite dish to near perfection I'll become said establishment's best customer, from the booth that sells the orgasmic red velvet cake at the Lake Merritt Farmer's Market on Saturdays, to Mehlfil in SF that sells what i regard as the best Chicken Tikka Masala ever.Now, remember that scene in Ratatouille when the food critic took his first bite of the famed dish and was instantly transported back to his fondest of childhood memories? Well, that was my experience the day i tasted Trattoria La Siciliana's "Pasta Amatriciana". Not only did my taste buds, heart and loins explode in ecstacy, but the taste for the dish that had long been erased from my palate's memory banks - thanks to the years of sub par samples of said dish - was instantly restored on that faithful day.Sure, the seating may be cramped, but if you want to dine on the best Italian food the East Bay has to offer, you should be able to endure the wait - you won't regret it.
<review# 2283,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/17/2007,4/29/2008,195,315,6,10,11>CHICKEN & WAFFLES is worthwhile coming here for.The chicken is crispy and the skin is well-rendered, but if you don't get a fresh batch it slides into oily.  And boy, is it salty!  Be sure to drink a few extra gulps of water from those peculiar red plastic goblets, because your kidneys are gonna need the help to desalinate you.The waffle was basic, Belgian, decent. Sides vary:Good sides: creamy mac & cheese (though sadly, no crispiness to it), a good smokey split pea soup, biscuits & "country" (chicken) gravy.Bad sides: tasteless corn, insipid collard greens, gluey mashed potatoes, and their awful brown (beef) gravy, which borders on disgusting and, like gray ooze or Ice-9, contaminates all it touches.Good overall, but I would favor Ole's for the total chicken-and-waffles experience.  PS.  I love the frosted cupcakes up front.  Looking for more fried chicken reviews?  Visit my fried chicken list here:yelp.com/list_details?li…
<review# 2284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2008,4/28/2008,139,167,10,13,11>This is where the band goes after practice.  A fun atmosphere - always lively but never too crowded (at least not when we go there on Sunday nights.)The pizza is delicious and we've tried pretty much all of them.  The Heartstopper has been loved by the meat eater's in the band (3 of 5), but our lead guitar player is a fan of both the Garbage Pie (which has pretty much everything on it) and the Chopper (which has hells of meat on it.)  Our vegetarian singer/guitar player loves the Chicane (sun dried tomato, artichoke hearts and feta.)But I love it because there's even something for all us vegans - yummy tofu-based Notta Ricotta!  It is tangy and flavorful - I like it best in the calzone, because it is not really melty-cheesey.The beer is great and comes in numerous varieties.  The service is efficient.  My only gripe is that there isn't a Lanesplitters in the City!(Oh, and I play keyboards and sing, if you must know.)((Oh and we're called Lady Genius, THANKS FOR ASKING, we are awesome - myspace.com/ladygeniusmu…))(((And yes this whole review was kind of an opportunity to make a shameless plug but it doesn't mean I wasn't being sincere OKAY??)))
<review# 2285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2007,4/27/2008,292,112,23,22,25>Ok, I read the other reviews and at first I was confused, but now I understand that most of the reviews are written by City Folks who came out for a Yelp event and that really doesn't give you much of an indication of what type of experience one would have on a regular night.Now I am about to knock you San Franciscans because of your comments, but keep in mind that I too was born in San Francisco and felt it the ultimate sacrifice to move to Oakland.  That is until I moved to Oakland and found out that I actually like it better.  So Oakland has a really bad reputation which is good for rent prices, but totally misleading.  I know that if I was selling crack on the corner of Seminary and E 14th, at some point or another I could expect to be robbed or stabbed or hustled or whatever.  But all of Oakland ain't spooky and please remember that when writing a review of your two block walk from the BART that so surprised you because it reminded you of Manhattan or Paris. *sigh*Next, please do not think that you found the only cool, upscale place in Oakland to hang out.  Remember, if this is the only place you have ever been to in Oakland, you really have nothing to compare it to.Ok, now I feel better, on with my review.  AIR is one of my more regular stomping grounds because of its close proximity to my house.  I tend to venture in on weekend nights because I like the vibe.  The crowd is a little older (closer to 30 than 20), classy, and clean.  There's usually a sprinkling of diversity amongst the predominately black crowd.  Everyone dresses well and there's plenty of good lookin' people with some fugly ones hanging around too for good measure.The drinks are expensive, but strongly poured.  There's a cover on the weekend, but it's only $5 so if you can't afford it, you definitely can't afford the $9 drink.  The bartenders and waitresses are the nicest and warmest and friendliest ever in a nightclub.  In fact, every time I go it seems like everyone in the place is like that.  Everyone's always smiling and happy.  No snobbery or fighting.I have to be honest and say that the music sucks.  I have no idea what these DJs are playing.  Is this some sort of mash-up or can you just not label it because the DJs only buy records from the sale bin at Amoeba so it's totally random?  And the sound system SUCKS!!  But everyone's always having the time of their lives, dancing and what not, so I tend to forgive the music and shake a tail feather myself.  It's almost like the party is such fun that the music is trivial, whereas everywhere else, the music tends to be the defining factor.I also like that the club is sunken down below street level with a large veranda outside the entrance complete with seating.  It can get stuffy in the basement and it's nice to step outside to cool down or have a smoke.
<review# 2286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2008,4/25/2008,92,43,15,17,17>The Cheesemonger has impeccable taste - especially in employees.  The woman who guided us in our search for delicious cheese fondue components was stunning:  beauty, brains, the whole package.  It is so very rare and wonderful to find retail employees who REALLY know their product and as a fine cheese newbie, I could not have been more grateful (is that a pun?)At the same time, there was never a moment I felt she was imposing her tastes on me - she listened to the relatively vague information I was able to give about what I like and then served up several options from which to choose.  Interacting with this cheese goddess was easily the best part of a hectic "preparing for a dinner party for 12" day.The only thing I did not love, and this applies to the entire Alameda Marketplace, is the scarcity of posted pricing.  Sure, I understand the whole "If you have to ask, you can't afford it" or maybe its more "Lets not sully this beautiful epicurian relationship with dirty dollars," but it would have been nice to have some idea of how much we were about to spend before the somewhat surprising announcement of our total at the register.  Could I have asked the lovely cheese goddess about the price?  Yep  I certainly could have and that is my own problem:  thus, no reduction in stars.Cheesmonger - ya done good!  Count me among your fans.Update:  The Cheesemonger informed me 1) that the Goddess' name is Molly (Thanks again, Molly!) and 2) that there are little signs with a description AND the price near each displayed cheese.  Doh!  Guess I missed that  - probably because Molly so comptetently attended to us that I didn't have a chance to get too absorbed in the printed signs.Rock on, Cheesemonger (and Molly)
<review# 2287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2008,4/24/2008,666,361,3,3,9>I recently had a chance to take a one-day class here in torch cutting and my instructor was none other than the "Mistress of Metal" Scottie Chapman. So...it was pretty cool right from the get go.The torch itself was both fun and scary. The first part of the rundown on torches was that the acetylene tank could blow up half the building if you knock it over. So, I tried not to do that. The cutting itself was a lot of fun. Basically, you melt the metal first and then blast it away with a burst of oxygen. You're pretty much kicking ass at that point and it feels like it.I made a Yelp burst as my tile design. Not the most creative idea but the fact that the end result looked like anything at all is a big accomplishment for me. Big up to the Crucible for a fun time.
<review# 2288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2007,4/23/2008,296,433,10,14,18>Food just like my Puerto Rican grandma used to make...Wait a minute! I'm not Puerto Rican! But this place makes you feel like you could be. The staff is very welcoming and friendly and will answer any questions you have about the dishes. The chicken is so juicy, the rice...mmm! The plaintains? Mmm! The beef emanadillas? Double mmm! So tasty! The menu is different everyday and they pride themselves in using organic meats and eggs. A small, family-owned place, simple decor of family and cultural memorabilia give a very relaxed atmosphere. It also seems to be quite the meeting hub for the East Bay Puerto Rican community as they've got a bulletin board of cultural happenings.
<review# 2289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2008,4/21/2008,636,190,9,20,12>Dam! I knew it! I freaking knew it! Ugh! I knew I would be the first one here for the next much awaited DYL in Oakland. Well I guess thats why I'm here writing this review in my Yelp notepad and using my Yelp pen to broadcast to everyone that I am critiqueing every aspect of their establishment from the decor, to the staff, to the patrons; I'll be watching like a hawk.First impression upon entry: "Wow..this is one clean dive bar!, but wait a minute....this is not a dive bar!"  *Clean floors...in fact...everything was clean in there. *Frsh air, w/ a vaulting ceiling (might have also been due to recent rain). *Orchids...yes Orchids (how elegant). *5 or so bartenders and a matridee (who all hapend to be pretty chicks) *Compliments on my Autobots hoodie. *Non-pretentious atmosphere. *Wine sampleing machine. *Leather furniture everywhere. Yes...this is no dive bar. Its a wine bar in the lower hills of Oakland and this is only the third day of its existance. How different to be at a DYL in a wine bar. Very unique experience. I have only got two things to add. *The selection of beer should be more.....um...well just more. There was nothing on tap and the only thing bottled was a Heini. ($5)*Sparkleing Sake (single serving wine glass) took 20 mins to bring out to me. Its not a mixed drink and don't know why it took so long. ($13) Both of these points could be improved...possibly because its such a new place and the bugs are working themselves out. I am anxious to see how the upper loft turns out since it wasn't complete at the time.
<review# 2290,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/15/2008,4/20/2008,113,621,19,18,17>I knew I should have gotten a burrito. I had nachos instead. Once I was done peeling the SLICED CHEESE off, they were pretty good. I was totally annoyed by the sliced cheese or I think this might be a 4-star place.Good al pastor meat.. nachos were hella messy and they nuked em for a minute.. which bugs me, because it makes the chips soggy. Clean enough place, location is cool and they have good salsas.  Chips are extra and they have dinky dinky salsa cups, had to get like 12 salsas to satisfy my spicy needs.I went here thinking I was going to another place that had been yelped.. whoops. Not bad, I'd go back but, I'd get something without cheese. Felt like I was having a heart attack after my meal.. take a zantac or 2 before eating.
<review# 2291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2008,4/19/2008,935,1053,9,17,21>Freight & Salvage is definitely one of those "Only in Berkeley" type venues - a non-profit, community based coffee house that also happens to host some amazing live music. The acoustics are awesome, the coffee...not so much.  If you are the type of person that must drink while at a show you might want to look elsewhere - this is a dry venue and as much as I like to drink (ok, I LOVE to drink) it was refreshing to see a sold out house there to enjoy the music instead of shouting out "FREEBIRD!!!" drunkenly every five minutes.While I don't see myself becoming a regular here (after all, it is across the bridge) I wouldn't hesitate to return to Freight & Salvage to catch one of my favorite artists.
<review# 2292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2008,4/18/2008,231,162,13,14,15>Hurrah, Acquacotta, hurrah! For the better half a century I thought that the city of Alameda had been crushed under some gnarly retirement regime: slow drivers, walkers, and smelly things ran feral and rampant in the streets, fending off visitors and ensuring a youth-less community.  My instincts told me to steer clear, but a friend told me to eat. Eat I did. Acquacotta may have just breathed fresh air into this sleepy little town... The Food:Fantastic; all of it. The steak, the risotto balls, the pastas, the polenta. MMM! The Drinks:Cheap and went down easy. From the under $40 wine list to the Bonded Bourbon. I could easily marry the bartendress Carolyn. It would be worth a trip back just to sit at her bar. The Service: Well, they let us snicker about "balls" and "going down easy" without kicking us out...And Desert:Because it's not food, but "Heaven" instead. (Seriously... the panna cotta? Christ almighty...)
<review# 2293,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/7/2008,4/17/2008,473,189,19,17,20>There's a theory brewing in the back of my brain that ALL THAI FOOD TASTES THE SAME. Nothing amazing, nothing terrible. It tastes the same here and it tastes the same there. It's the ambiance that changes.* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *After reading some entertaining Yelp reviews, we went to Wat Mongkolratanaram (say that 3x fast) in Berkeley because of the novelty of eating lunch in a Thai Buddhist temple (gotta luv the Bay Area). Instead of heading straight for the eats, my friend and I went inside the temple itself to look at the art decor and altar. Are those monks inside? I didn't know if there was a proper way to greet them, so with hesitation I did a half-bow while employing a fist to palm move (can you say Karate Kid?). You might want to brush up on proper temple etiquette prior to going. The cold, windy and drizzly weather managed to keep away some of the crowds, but college students are a hearty bunch and many of them were in attendance in the outdoor seating area. You trade your dollars for play money for which you'll use about 15-20 tokens between two people for a good sized meal with Thai iced tea. The chicken curry, pad thai and fried bananas served on a flimsy plate were lukewarm, but okay--not amazing, nor terrible. For the same price, I imagine I could be inside an actual Thai restaurant with a roof and cushioned chair--but still--I was liking the astmosphere.Eating lunch at the Thai Buddhist Temple almost debunked my theory that ALL THAI FOOD TASTES THE SAME, but the lukewarm food, lack of good utensils/plates, cafeteria-setting, and biting cold weather puts it at a unfair comparison to an actual restaurant, thus my theory STILL stands. But as a cool Sunday Berkeley thing to do, Thai Buddhist Temple is aces. I'd suggest going on a fair weather day, and for the hell of it, bring your own plate and utensils.
<review# 2294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2008,4/16/2008,389,574,9,14,15>I love it when my kid plays outside all day long and comes home happy, tired and in need of a bath.  If Sarah's Science camp was for people a lot older than ages 5-10 I'd be there in a flash.  I wanna make a Mentos geyser!Officially called, This Land Is Your Land summer camp...and affectionately called Sarah's Science camp by parents and kids...they offer 3 *great* East Bay locations:  Tilden Park (Berkeley), Roberts Regional Park (Oakland Hills) and new this summer at Little Hills Ranch (San Ramon).The focus is science, with weekly themes that range from nature to art and all kinds of cool gadgety projects like build your own electric pinball game and construct a crossbow ball launcher.  The activities aren't all science.  The kids also hike, create art, sing songs, play sports, make new friends and once per session go swimming.  At the end of each day they bring home instructions on how to re-create the science project of the day at home.  My 8 yr old niece has been going to the beautiful Oakland location for a couple of years and my son went last year.  They both love it and can't wait to go back this summer.  The price is well within the range of other camps, which is to say, not cheap at almost $300 per session (and a bit higher at the new SR location).  While I work, I could warehouse my kid in daycare for less, but gawd I really hate doing that.  I will likely do some "you watch my kids...I'll watch yours" tradeoffs with other moms for part of the summer, but I think Sarah's Science Camp is well worth the price if you can swing it.  They do offer a slight discount for registration by 4/1 and returning campers got a bit of a discount if they signed up and paid early.Sarah is a science teacher by trade and the camps are organized and well run.  The hours are 9-3, with before and after care available.  In addition to summer camp, Sarah's Science offers other programs throughout the year.  Check them out at sarahscience.com.
<review# 2295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2008,4/15/2008,286,390,12,14,13>I'm surprised these guys don't have more reviews considering they've gotten "Best Auto Shop" by Alameda Magazine. I was referred to Engine Works by Steve at Big O Tires when I had the Engine Light on in my 97 Honda Accord Station Wagon. Big O did a great job so I was confident that Engine Works would do satisfactory work as well. I was not disappointed! Not only did they give me a great deal on the part I needed, but everyone there was friendly, professional and helpful to boot. They even saved me money by getting a Honda part versus a Napa part. The vintage auto posters in the bathroom are a nice touch. I'll definitely be going back if and when the car Gods frown on me and give me a reason to come back.P.S. Going to Alameda gave me an excuse to stop by Julie's for some wonderful tea. So extra points to Engine Works for getting my butt to Alameda and Julie's!
<review# 2296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2008,4/14/2008,412,837,8,14,12>I was just creating some lists on Yelp and was categorizing my Ethiopian places. I can't believe I forgot  Cafe Colucci.This is my number 1 or 2 in Oakland with Messob the other.  CC has great food. The meat dishes are a little better than the veggie ones. Service has improved over the years. You can sit outside. They seem to have different cooks, and the food seems better towards and on the weekend. Go figure!The clientele is less expat, more Berkeleyesque with white guys having matted hair and hugely elongated earlobes bigger than native African women. Again go figure!I highly recommend this place.
<review# 2297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2008,4/13/2008,345,558,18,15,17>I find it hard to believe that I haven't reviewed Teacake seeing as we have a very complicated on-again, off-again relationship.It started out easy.  A Jubilant Cherry Cookie on a friday night.  The best chocolate chunk plus moist cherries combined in a cookie.  Made even better by there being just enough cookie to hold the filling together,It was so good.  But I knew it was just lust.  Then there was an orange davinci - orange and chocolate.Then chocolate hazelnutThen there was the eggnog mini cupcakes at my office holiday/anniversary party last year.  There were some left over that came home with me.  And from then on, I knew that it wasnt just lust or a fling...I could no longer say no to baked goods from teacake.It was downhill from there.  The out of the blue (blueberry oatmeal) cookie and the Lemon Pout started pursuing me.  Today, I was seduced by a few bites of several different cupcakes for a coworker's birthday.  I'd often scoffed at the cupcakes, not thinking that there was enough frosting.  But for all that's sweet and moist...these are amazing.  Just sweet enough.  The chocolate is dense, and the vanilla is light and the frosting is perfect - the right amount in every bite.I've had to cut back on when I can see Teacake, but I'll admit to stopping in anytime I'm at Bay Street.  I know I'm being used for my money - but what can I say...I'm just a girl who can't say no.
<review# 2298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2008,4/12/2008,96,657,1,16,25>Two days ago, I married the best man in the world.We chose Cafe de la Paz and the owner, Russell Bass, and his staff outdid themselves times twelve. La Paz was our first and only choice. We booked its downstairs Fiesta Room and adjoining courtyard in October and enjoyed two yummy tastings with Russell as we honed down the menu.Our wedding ceremony was held in the outside courtyard. Russell had people working up until the last minute to make sure it looked great, including dispatching someone to replant the area around the fountain so it would look more vibrant. The result: a beautiful ceremony in a gorgeous setting.Throughout the reception, people came up to us to remark that ours was the best food they'd ever eaten at a wedding. They were dead on. Among other amazing, yummy stuff, we had Pumpkin Seed Encrusted Salmon, Chipotle Mashed Potatoes, ChimmiChurri (Argentinean BBQ), Tamal Azteca (Mexican lasagna), Venezuelan Corn Pancakes, Empanaditas, and Veggie Taquitos, as well as a yummy Primavera Salad beforehand.Dessert was insane. Russell concocted a mix between his Chocolate Espresso Experience and Cheesecake Taquitos -- who the hell needs a wedding cake? Russell himself made himself a very cordial presence during the wedding. We and our guests appreciated his down-to-earth style and friendly manner. At the same time, I saw how well he handled his staff, and how his staff themselves worked their butts off all evening. Russell was also great about keeping on top of the wedding planning, including calling me on the day of the event to fine-tune small details in order to make things great.I was astounded at how much we got for a relatively small amount spent. Whereas some weddings require tons of outside vendors (something we didn't want as our wedding, as well as our wedding planning, was low-key, low-stress, and intimate), ours at Cafe de la Paz was just about a one-stop shop. Russell even does the floral arrangements himself, and they are beautiful. He sent us home with one and I'm looking at it as I type, just amazed at how wonderfully everything came together.We wanted a memorable, unique and totally awesome wedding. Our expectations were not just met, but far exceeded! I could see renewing our vows here 20 years down the road.
<review# 2299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2007,4/11/2008,120,115,11,19,13>DO NOT try to go to Full House with more than 2 people on a weekend. You will wait an insanely long time for a table.If you've lived in East Oakland for any length of time, do not expect to go to Full House and not run into people you know. What I mean is, I always run into old friends here! So if you're not feeling social, maybe you should go to the kinda-craptastic cafe of the bay down the street. I've been to Full House probably 100 times and I always love the food. My favorite is the "red flannel hash" which is potato and beet hash with bacon, served with poached eggs on the side. If you like potatoes or hash crispy, you have to ask, but they never balk at special requests.  Great coffeecake and muffins. AND GOOD COFFEE!!!! Other things that stand out here: smoked chicken with biscuits and gravy is divine, sometimes they have a special scramble with steak and goat cheese and herbs. The wait staff is always great. The seats are all very accessible for large folks -- except the booths. Tables are a bit cramped. The decor is kind of hideous, but who cares.Fat-friendly rating: 3 stars.
<review# 2300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2007,4/10/2008,319,125,13,12,15>Screw the Mission. Screw San Jose. East Oakland has the best taquerias and Los Paisanos shines like the face of a recent chemically peeled woman. It's undergone an owner change which only means I have to use less hand gesturing when ordering. All the glorious meat still tastes as muthafucking good as it did when I first discovered this place in college. Back then, I used to get my workout hustling back and forth from my car to LPT. It's on the darkest corner of the seediest spot of International Blvd. But now there's some sort of art center next door which stays late and actually has computers visible from the street. Carne Asada, Pastor, Carnitas, Pollo.. My favorite tacos in that order. If you walk up to me holding out all 4, prepared to get raped. The tacos are on double 4" corn saucers dipped in oil drippings before being cooked. I get them fully loaded with onions and cilantro. They have the uncut marinated jalapenos, which I bite the tip off of and squeeze the juice all over the taco, before shoving in my mouth.The tortas are delicious, as are the burritos and tamales. But TRUST. Go for the tacos...
<review# 2301,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/22/2007,4/8/2008,151,400,14,11,14>I could go on and on and on about places that don't allow adults to order "kids'" sizes. I abhor these places SO much, it's not even funny. Age discrimination, you jerkfaces! If you don't want adults ordering the children's size, then make your "normal sizes" more reasonable. People are so effing gluttonous, argh. Your company loses absolutely zero-- you're not allowed to bank on "potential profit" so don't even give me that. I don't want to be given a gargantuan "regular" size so that I can waste half of it. Worse, even, I don't want to CONSUME the whole thing just because it's sitting in front of me. My hips seriously do not need this, I promise. The girl who took Steven's order told him, reluctantly I could tell, that the kid's size is for 6 and under. How judgemental that she assumes he doesn't have a kid waiting out in the car, grrr! Another nice guy came out from the back to take my order. Figuring that they strictly enforce the kid's policy and not wanting to make a scene, I order the regular size but request that it be made smaller, like the kids size. Great guy says, "Well why don't I just make you a kids' size?" Yeah, buddy, that's what I'm talking about! So, alas, I got my kids' size ice cream which was delicious and "small" enough not to enlarge my Double Wide. Thanks Nice Ice Cream Guy! You were cute and friendly and you made my night!
<review# 2302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2008,4/7/2008,28,115,13,10,11>no I was not high, drunk or having sex while I wrote this review...man, I must be getting old. We had a work holiday event here and it was really nice. The chef chatted us up and the entire staff was friendly and seemed to be on their A game all night. They acted like they loved their jobs! I am so used to crappy service in the Bay Area that I was pleasantly surprised. If it was a charade, good job anyway!The drinks were strong, the food was unpretentious and delicious... I'm not kidding, one of the appetizers was a fancy tatertot with pesto on it.You had me at tater.I have to say I was a little disappointed in the desserts, but if you have read any of my other reviews, you would know that my palate is stuck in 5th grade and my maturity level is in 3rd grade, so fancy sugar stuff doesn't compare to things found in a good liquor store candy section.If you haven't been to B Restaurant, go... you will be stunned by how cool and upscale that part of Oakland is becoming without turning into yet another Jack London Square or Bay Street strip mall.Ok, that was my foray into fancy for the year...
<review# 2303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2008,4/6/2008,501,1477,20,18,20>There are many stories involving my sister that entertain me.  My current favorite is the one where her friend got mugged in NYC.  They were walking down the street on a wet night in the LES after dinner with their to go boxes when some guy ran up on them, pushed her friend down and then grabbed her purse and food. He took off and my sister instinctively chased after him.  He slipped and fell and she started beating him with her umbrella before he got up and ran away.  She's scrappy (yelp.com/user_details?us…).  She said the moment he got up, she realized how stupid she was being.  What exactly was she hoping to accomplish since she really wasn't going to hurt him with her weapon of choice and what if he had a knife or a gun?  Anyway, he got away with her friend's stuff but they were both fine.  After a long commute but before going to Ironworks, I decided to take a drive along the bay and then stopped at the Berkeley Marina.  As I looked out at the dark water and SF across the way, I remembered taking the 51out there for Sunset parties on Sundays, random outings with friends and that I still want to do some moonlight paddling.  Then a raccoon sauntered by.  Blech.It was quiet except for the waves and the water lapping against the rocks.  I didn't hear or see much else the whole time I was out there and it made me think that some things can never change or be tamed and a feeling like relief washed over me.
<review# 2304,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/30/2008,4/5/2008,193,301,16,13,15>Math time.PIzza: 3 stars - they have some interesting combinations, and at least by what I had, they manage to pull them off. Their crust is not quite right. I wish I could comment more on this, but I am not sure what the problem was, but I didn't enjoy eating the edges as much as I would have liked to.Beer: 3 stars - based on their IPA at least. It was a pretty good beer. If you don't like IPA at all, I doubt you'll like it, as it is quite hoppy. But the hops aren't balanced quite right by the rest of the brew. Patio: 4 stars - This is a lovely feature. It's a nice quite refuge from the not so crazy atmosphere of Shattuck. Ok, so maybe it's not much of a refuge, but it's a nice place to sit on a sunny afternoonTHE MATH:(3 + 3 + 4) /3 = 3.333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333­33333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333­33333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333­33333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333­33333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333­3333Ok, I'm not a jerk enough to run off the character limit. But I guess you know what I'm getting at.3 stars.
<review# 2305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2008,4/3/2008,192,96,15,15,16>I have heard about this place, but never stopped in.  I was so glad when we did last night, although my a-hole wasn't too pleased with my decision this morning.They have a large variety of hot, really hot, and extremely hot dishes that are a variety of Taiwanese and more standard Chinese fare.  They didn't skimp on the chilies and the portions were nice.  They also have an awesome looking hot pot, "numb and spicy" sichuanese style with the chilies , which I will return for soon.  The bursting chili fried chicken was good, and the fillet of fish with tofu was great.  The sauce was fragrant and rich.  The Mongolian beef was tender and flavorful.  The only disappointment was the hot and sour soup.  For a restaurant known for its heat, I was surprised to find the hot missing.I will be back to punished by the heat.
<review# 2306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2008,4/2/2008,2747,1075,11,29,29>Convenient, and relatively cheap.  A shuttle runs between the Coliseum BART station and OAK every ten minutes.  It's a low-body bus with luggage racks.  These days it just makes one stop halfway between the two air terminals, so the routine is very simple.  It costs $3, exact change, each way.  We considered taking a van home, to save us some trouble.  At the "reserved van" stand the clerk directed us to the reservation phone, which nobody answered.  Then she directed us to the "on demand van" stand, where the front driver quoted us $45 each, then $60, within a 15-second period.  Both quotes are outrageous, and we decided then to ride BART back into town.  Friday night, 7 pm, we had no problem.  BART and Muni were only half full at this hour, and we made it home in record time.  Thank goodness for luggage with wheels.
<review# 2307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2008,4/1/2008,237,253,17,21,24>In a fantasy world, life would be much simpler.  I day dream often of what it would be like to have billions in the bank, a supermodel wife, and adorably gifted children.  It's not that my life is all that bad but even good lives leave something to be desired.  I compensate for the harsh realities of life by being one step ahead of the masses, arriving early, working smarter/harder, and being nice to people.  Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.  Sometimes I just get lucky.  I love it when I am blessed with uncanny luck.  Have you ever walked into one of SF's many hip/delicious eateries and been told that the mile long line outside really is composed of people waiting to eat and not spill over from a local DMV office?  I have and it sucks.  But I sit and wait like all the other people.  I am good at waiting as I have the patience of a cat.  I watch as the list shortens do to drop outs, they just couldn't quite make it.  Burma Superstar in SF is a prime example.  The wait list grows to multiple pages sometimes.  Ever wonder what life would be like it you walked into that place and they knew you by first name and promptly cleared a table at gunpoint for you?  Imagine no more.  It exists.  (Minus the brandishing of firearms.)  It is in Alameda but it exists nonetheless.  Bagan (Burma Superstar East) still manages to serve up remarkably identical food to the SF location.  During the weekdays it is a complete ghost town.  The weekends do get busy but the wait often never exceeds 20-30 minutes.  Take a drive there if you are not in the mood to wait.  Besides the awesome food, it is also right next to Tuckers ice cream.  Score!
<review# 2308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2008,3/31/2008,213,365,20,23,25>Yes!  I know what you are all thinking!  Don't old ladies go to Curves?  Well, yes.  They do.  You will also see young, tall, short, small, and big ladies huff and puff their way to better fitness.  All are welcome!  I mostly like coming here for the following reasons:1. to avoid douchebags like this guy youtube.com/watch?v=uBXt…2. I can get my workout finished in 30 minutes (includes cardio AND strength training)3. it's located in Market Hall, so I can grab a nice healthy dinner after my workout.  Just as long as I avoid the cheese counter!
<review# 2309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2008,3/30/2008,124,99,22,15,14>The nice thing about adrenaline sports: people of different races, walks of life, and socio-economic backgrounds can come together and confront  their innate fears.   In our group of 7 that jumped early one morning off a bridge in Humbolt County, there was a family I'll label "Trailer 3" with a Mom that decided she wanted to Bungee jump for her 50th birthday.  Along with her was Daddy Billy Bob Biff, and their son I'll call Peanut Butter Teeth (because his chops looked like he ate a heaping spoonful of peanut butter, and the PB stuck to his gums and wasn't all quite evaporated yet - I love obvious nicknames).Then there was us - Birthday Girl, Blinky, Crooked-nosed ex-Marine, and Me (Miss Fab-U-Lous.  Like I said - obvious nicknames.)We went in accordance of weight - heaviest to lighest.  2 jumps each.It's funny to see grown men chicken out of jumping - especially when they brag beforehand about jumping out of Black Hawks in the Marines with a parachute un-tandem.  Especially more so entertaining if you have a Peanut Butter Teeth in your group smiling from ear to ear like he was Annie and Daddy Warbucks bought him a pair of shiny white veneers to show off.  It's hilarious watching your friends trying to hold their breaths as PBT gets right up to their faces to provide commentary on each jump in between cigarette breaks to cover up his unbrushed poo breath.  Of all the crazy shit I've done in my time, Bungee Jumping was one of my favorite experiences.  Forget heroin.  Fall backwards instead of facing forward - it's scarier and more exhilarating (I think).  ADRENALINE HIGH, so high... (Why does a Cypress Hill song come to mind right now...?).  And, ask Dan to tell you the story about the game "Smiles".  Let's just say it involves Thailand, young ladies, and be forewarned...it isn't G-Rated.
<review# 2310,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/24/2008,3/29/2008,291,146,7,13,14>Simone stayed open late for us one night and cooked us dinner. If I were French, it would be like eating at moms, I'm sure. It's not a fancy place, but the prices are low and there's a lot of charm. Apparently she's been cooking here for 30 years.Bring cash. Another customer tipped us off to this and luckily we had enough on us. It's amazing that a dinner restaurant doesn't take credit cards, but I guesss I can understand it due to the way Simone runs things.If you're lucky (or just arrive at closing time) you'll see two huge cats come sauntering up to the store. They actually climb in by way of the lighted vines.The 3 star rating is because I was expecting a bit more. The food wasn't exceptional (although good), the menu was rather limited and cash only just doesn't work well for me.
<review# 2311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2008,3/28/2008,262,27,20,23,26>Tina likes fancy cocktails, beer not so much...Brand new, old style Belgian brew pub opens in the new Old Oakland a few blocks from her home. Cool space, dark wood, tin ceilings but can get claustrophobic most of the time. But she *thinks*, so many peeps like it here, maybe it's the beer?Tina goes to St George Spirits for the afternoon with her friends for the final celebration of the first time she turns 39. A beautiful day in Alameda at a former airplane hanger drinking vodka in the sun. Posse lands at Trappist to chill and socialize some more with neighbors and friends. There is a beer here, looks like lemonade in a curvy glass with a thin layer of foam. Pretty, light and refreshing with a whimsical name: Blanche de Bruxelles...Mmmm...fancy beer is good.
<review# 2312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2007,3/27/2008,157,103,4,11,18>Taking a bite of pain chocolat at La Farine makes my heart hurt "un petite peu" because it transports me to my life in Paris three years ago.  I taught English at a high school just outside of Paris and everyday at the train station I would order a pain chocolat because they served it hot and fresh out of the oven with my cafe.  While I may never live in Paris again, I would like to say that La Farine is the closest thing to having pain chocolat in the French style.  I have searched high and low for the perfect pain chocolat in the Berkeley/Oakland area (Acme Bread Co., La Note, Citron, etc.) and had not found a suitable alternative until now.  Thank you La Farine for bringing back my wonderful memory of Paris.I had to put the lyrics to "I Love Paris" in this review because I think of this song when certain moments or things remind me of that time.Every time I look down on this timeless town whether blue or gray be her skies.Whether loud be her cheers or soft be her tears, more and more do I realize:I love Paris in the springtime. I love Paris in the fall. I love Paris in the winter when it drizzles, I love Paris in the summer when it sizzles.I love Paris every moment, every moment of the year. I love Paris, why, oh why do I love Paris? Because my love is near.
<review# 2313,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/16/2008,3/26/2008,184,189,15,13,13>I needed a hair cut because I'm going to some job interviews this week, and I've been looking kind of shaggy lately. Rather than going to one of those $60 salons I've been frequenting, I decided to go the easy route and just pop into one of those $12 chop shops. I had my kidlet with me, and she needed a cut, too. The two stylists at Hair Dynamics were kind and efficient with their mostly older male clientele. The lady stylist gave my daughter what I would rate as a 4 star haircut--a good value for the money, and my kidlet came away happy.For me, I asked the male stylist to trim some off the back of my almost shoulder-length hair, and to give me very thick bangs. As he worked on my hair cut, I kept thinking about geometry: he was that intent. in his movements. (Unfortunately he had something pungent for lunch that he kept indiscreetly burping up.) After working on my the back of my hair for a very long time and cutting it to chin length, he came to the bangs, which he quickly chopped.  I have a nice cowlick over my right eyebrow, which other stylists who have given me bangs have deftly cut around, but this was too much of a challenge for my guy today. Once he saw my hair sticking STRAIGHT UP from my forehead, he grabbed a round brush and a blow dryer and gave me a great circa 1991 blow-out--think lots of height. Since getting home from this haircut, there is nothing I can do to make my bangs lay down, and I'm hoping that my prospective employers like the Bangles look.Kidlets haircut = 4 starsMy haircut = 2 starsHence 3 Stars total for this visit. I'll bring back kidlet again, but I think I'll be returning to my old  'spensive beauticians. Lesson learned.P.S.--A big "thank you" to Tina over at Down at Lulu's in Oakland--she fixed my hair after my bangs fiasco and is totally the xpert on bangs. (For $60--now I know that was worth it!) And...I got the job!
<review# 2314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2007,3/25/2008,528,403,18,19,25>Lalime's is one of those fantastic Berkeley institutions from the school of  "Alice Waters, organic, slow-food, eat only what's in season" models.  More hippie than hipster, the uniform of the day is torn jeans and Birkenstocks, not skinny jeans and Campers.  But these granolas sure know how to cook. Set in a beautiful old Arts and Crafts house, on an unassuming near-residential street where parking is always plentiful and you'll see a cat meandering through the gardens. Each dish transported us on a unique, but always titiliating, epicurean odyssey. We started with a mouth-watering, creamy cheese plate that included the Grandaddy of fromage, Humboldt Fog. I would sell my firstborn for this cheese. My seabass was neither Chilean nor ill-tempered (Austin Powers reference), but had been nicely marinated after its swim in a miso sauce and resting on a bed of spinach. My mother's wild mushroom stroganoff came with brocoli rabe, the most kick-ass green ever which will make you forget you're eating a vegetable. Our desserts were so breathtaking, we hesitated, momentarily, to dive our forks in. That coming from three PMSing women. Lalime's embodies the Gourmet Ghetto at its best.
<review# 2315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2007,3/24/2008,896,1265,18,27,23>I used to say, "I don't do Oakland"...but I will admit I have a lot of love for the 510 this year.   Though I live in San Francisco and love this city, thanks to my acquisition of a car, I've been spending a significant amount of time in the East Bay.  (There's a lot of shit to do on that side of the Bay Bridge, in case you didn't already know.)Spurred on by a suggestion from our waiter at PF Chang's in Emeryville a few months ago, I invited a bunch of Yelpers to partake in a Sunday lunch at Dorsey's Locker, a soul food joint in Oakland.  The timing was auspicious, as Powell's Place (Fillmore District, SF) had closed for good and we were searching for a suitable substitute for their famed fried chicken.  You see - the Dorsey's have been doing soul food in Oakland since 1941 - their current location since 1996 - so I was confident Dorsey's would do it, and do it well.This tiny restaurant (part of a bar) managed our 18-person party with a lot of grace and hospitality...we occupied a long, corridor-like nook near the kitchen.  The servers have a wonderful sense of humor and a ton of patience (a must-have when dealing with a rambunctious party like ours).  Our party was a little larger than they normally handle, so we actually had one long table and one smaller table pushed to the side (jokingly, the kiddie table).The food came out as quickly as it could, and looked AMAZING.  Remember the cooking scenes from the movie SOUL FOOD?  Yeah, like that.  Plate after plate of fried chicken, catfish, pork chops, short ribs, gumbo, collard greens, black eyed peas, potatoes, yams, fries, rice, cornbread, gravy....our table was completely covered in food.  My chicken and catfish were picture-perfect.  (I don't eat chicken skin, so I can't tell you how that tasted, but the chicken itself was great.)  I thought the greens could use a touch more seasoning, but the mac and cheese was really good (especially with a touch of hot sauce), and my mashed potatoes and gravy was a perfect accompaniment to the chicken and catfish.  It took a lot of self-restraint to not stick my fork in everyone else's food.  I did get a sample of the pork chop (nicely done!) and the short ribs (deliciously tender).I couldn't finish my food - I ended up with a take home container of catfish, mash, greens, and mac & cheese, enough for another complete meal.  Prices weren't bad, considering it was like two substantial meals in one!  The verdict?  Though it's 20 minutes further than Powell's was...it surpasses Powell's place in quality, quantity, and presentation.  Their menu has slight changes depending on the day of the week, so make sure to check out their menu online if you're craving something specific.Thanks to little hole-in-the-wall gems like Dorsey's - as my friend Elin F. said to me - pretty soon, I will hella heart Oakland too.
<review# 2316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2008,3/23/2008,373,248,24,41,34>Much like what Planned Parenthood is to uninsured cooches, Oakland SPCA Veterinary Services is to low income pooches.   Both offer low cost very high quality care.My boyfriend's mom's dog was ill.  She took him to the quack here:yelp.com/biz/st-louis-ve…After being on anti-inflammatories and antibiotics for weeks without much progress, I insisted that we take Zeus here.  We got an appointment and I went with them myself.Sure, it's sort of hectic there and the reception staff is somewhat chilly but they deal with some off the hook ass people on a daily basis so I understand.  They were kind enough to let us wait outside with our other dog aggressive boy.  The assistant was kind enough to come get us when there was a room ready for Zeus.The vet already has his records from the other place and knew that his blood counts had been all wonky.  She listened with great patience while my boyfriend's mom explained what had been happening.  The she did something that my boyfriend's mom has never seen a vet do to Zeus, the vet actually TOUCHED him and thoroughly examined him.  She said she thought that he might have started with an infection in the discs of his spine.  Then might have gotten pancreatitis from the Advil he was being given by my boyfriend's mom.  Um.  Yeah.  Advil is somewhat toxic to dogs and REALLY hurts their insides.  Alls I can say about that is my honey has risen above his genetics.  Ahem.Anyhoo. . Zeus got a thorough and loving exam (you could tell this vet really actually loves animals), a blood test, more anti-inflammatories, more antibiotics (white count was still a little high) two vaccinations, an actual diagnosis, and he was micro-chipped all for $180.00.I know that times can be hard and some folks might not have a lot of money to spend on their pets.  This clinic is low cost but high quality and you can leave knowing you gave your pet the best care you could.here's the handsome boy hisself.  ..static.px.yelp.com/photo…
<review# 2317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2008,3/22/2008,275,119,4,8,11>It's the perfect way to tuck in a long day. Park along the street. Enter Epicurious Garden, where Soop is immediately on your left. Read over daily menu. Ask for some tastes. Pick. Buy. Add freshly baked corn bread. Take home. Warm up favorite ceramic bowl. Pour soup into bowl. Take to living room or bedroom. Turn on laptop and put in a good DVD. Hit Play and begin an evening that is completely yours with fresh, delicious, hot soup from Soop.
<review# 2318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2008,3/21/2008,424,1322,14,19,20>For my 200th review, my lovely parents took my daughter and I to lunch  (well, not for the 200 review actually, but because they were in the area, we were available and we enjoy each others company). Anyway, since they are both fellow Yelper's, we enjoy going to places together and discussing them. This review is really a 3.5.If you read Amy T's review, she breaks down that the lunch menu is fabulous with a reasonably priced combo thing that you can change up which typically includes half a sandwich, small salad and soup.The father had the special Reuben sandwich with sweet potato fries. The fries are to-die-for wonderful. The Reuben was just okay, but I am not the biggest fan of the sandwich.The daughter had the "Wharf" combo which she changed from soup of the day to onion soup (delicious), Caesar salad (which is served whole leaf, not chopped), and a crab melt which she declared 5 star worthy.The "mudder" had a combo which had a wedge salad, onion soup and half a steak sandwich that she ordered medium rare and came out medium well. She didn't complain (though it is not the way she likes her meat).I had the pulled pork sandwich with a mixed green salad. The sandwich was boring. Too much bread to meat ratio and not enough sauce. It tasted like boiled pork with some homemade BBQ sauce, the kind Grandma (if she weren't Jewish) would have made. I have now vowed to leave pulled pork to BBQ joints or places that don't have linen table cloths.The service was decent, not great and I was surprised at the lack of patronage during lunchtime. I look forward to coming here again to try their steaks and possibly again for lunch. The restaurant itself is lovely. Well laid out and though it is small, felt spacious. The bathroom has old school touches (hairspray, lotion, mouthwash,Q-Tips)...the daughter thought that was mega cool!
<review# 2319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2007,3/20/2008,357,302,13,5,12>The only other addiction I have besides Yelp is Zachary's.Damn, it's been months and I need Zack. Bad. Joy is quiet and on a mission for some pizza nookie. My friend Joy 2 and I are both salivating like Pavlov's Dog crossing the street. We open the door-whoosh-the smells of garlic, oregano, basil, tomato come blasting my olfactory nerve. I'm in the excitation phase.We order.Half a pie of mushroom spinach and half a pie of chicken stuffed.The thirty minutes waiting is sweet, perfect, torturous foreplay.Joy 1 and Joy 2 catch up on life and continually talk about pizza.Finally, here it is!A beautiful pie, georgeous and shiny, encrusted with perfect size tomatoes.I greedily take my bite and my eyes literally roll back into my head. Joy 2 laughs at the sight of this and takes her bite. I moan a little and she exclaims, Oh God!The foodgasm commences.After eating the whole thing, people kept trying to talk to me. People. I'm post-zachary's. SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. The blood is all in my stomach. I can't think. You guys know what I'm talking about. Don't talk. Give me thirty minutes to digest first. Joy 2 said at the end of the meal, " I will never ever give you a hard time about coming here ever again. I will come whether or not there is traffic."Amen to that sister.So, Zachary's is my benchmark.EAT DEEP DISH OR NOTHIN
<review# 2320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2007,3/18/2008,78,270,8,7,24>Yelp, I have a confession.  I've held back from you.  I have waited a long time before deciding that I will yelp about this Fat Apple's because it's special to me.  No, not special as in "I like it."  But special as in, this was where he and I had a first meal.  This is where "the rest is history" happened to me.  This, is where he and I have promised to find each other if we're ever lost.So, it went like this...we had met several times before and it wasn't until the third time that I finally agreed to go to his mother's house in Berkeley to pick up these law school outlines.  No, I wasn't initially interested.  I had a boyfriend then.  It seemed too complicated to even have my interest piqued.  But several months later, when we met again, and he offered the outlines, I figured there was really nothing to lose by picking up these outlines at his mother's house in Berkeley (I was single by then AND I needed these gosh darn outlines).So....I picked up these outlines and he asked me out for brunch.  Seeing that I had nothing better to do, I agreed.  We parked in front of this restaurant called "Fat Apples."  "Strange name," I said.  "Yes," he said.  "I grew up in Berkeley and it used to be called "Fat Albert's," but then the restaurant got sued by Bill Cosby and they changed their name."  We were chatting for a while because the line was so long, out the door, really...yes, this restaurant gets that busy on the weekends.  And then, we finally sat down.  I remember ordering an omelet, which was not what he had recommended, but I'm stubborn like that.  It was good, but not great.  He was right.  I didn't tell him so until 5 years later.  He ordered pancakes or french toast.  I can't remember but I remember the thick, hot syrup.  I remember sipping on coffee (Peet's), and thinking, "Wow, this is great coffee."  I poured the cream and thought, "wow, they use real cream too...not that cheap half/half stuff."  And we began to chat, about our families, our lives, about free will versus determinism....That was seven years ago. We're married now and the rest is history.When we bought our house in Berkeley, we had to write about "ourselves."  We wrote a letter to the owner and mentioned that our first meal was at Fat Apple's.  The owner was moved.  He and his wife were undergrads at UC Berkeley and fell in love there too.  They ended up picking our offer.  Anyway, we return to this restaurant again and again.  The memories come back to me every time...just one sip of coffee...I'd highly recommend this joint, even if not for the memories....The burgers are great, the breakfast is also great, and it just feels like you're in the heart of Berkeley.  And now you know, Yelp, why this place gets 5+ stars from me.
<review# 2321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2008,3/17/2008,3446,131,7,18,14>I've been craving noodles and decided to give this place a try. In terms of taste I have to say this place really put some thoughts into the mixtures of sauce and broths. The Ramen with peanut and Cilantro broth and grilled pork loin was really good. The dumplings are not the same ones you get in most places. But are rather unique with an incredible amount of taste and creativity. The dipping sauces also are on the different side with interesting tasty combinations.The waiters were fast, attentive and patient!!I'd go back in a heart beat. Not a huge menu but they master what they offer and to me that is what makes this place rock.
<review# 2322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2008,3/16/2008,429,327,29,14,20>I remember when I first got my brand spankin new Toyota Camry 10! years ago as a graduation gift from my parents. She beamed and sparkled.  Just a baby.  Not flashy. But safe (enough for even the most anxious Korean mother).She lapped up the regular luxurious detailing she got in the parking garage at 2029 Century Park East.  Thrilled to see Matt Damon and Ben Affleck visiting their agents; Warren Beatty, Annette Bening and Rob Reiner taking in a flick; celebs and studio heads coming in for depos; investment, finance and tax advice.  All while her owner worked.  And worked.  And worked some more. Till she was the only car left in the garage.At first, she loved taking her owner around.  To shopping sprees at Fred Segal and Barney's.   To group dinners at Spago and The Ivy.  To hair appointments at Frederic Fekkai.  Always to the newest.  The latest. Till she tired of the constant valets. The constant comparisons.  The constant fear that her owner was going to trade her up.  For the newest.  The latest.With every ding, dent, whirr and glitch.  She worried. So she was ecstatic when she heard they were moving to "down to earth" San Francisco!  But still relatively shiny and new, she preened.  (Even when it was out of place.)  She traded in her detailing for roasting in the Palo Alto sun.  Her 30 minute commute in bumper to bumper traffic (for what otherwise was a 10 minute drive) on Wilshire for a 45 minute commute down the 280.  She still waited.  And waited.  And waited some more.  For her owner to take her home from work. But this time she had plenty of company.It didn't take long for her to miss the valets.  Versus circling for parking and squeezing into those rare spaces.  And getting bumped and scratched by everyone else doing the exact same thing.  She *missed* the valets! The vertical hills, constant braking from pedestrian and bicyclist traffic and sudden "I Found Parking!" stops and constant commute chipped away at her body.  And her engine.Her owner tried to find worthy mechanics.  But they were constantly telling her she needed a new this or a new that; charging her owner exorbitant amounts; and condescendingly wincing when her owner asked naive questions.  So much so that her owner dreaded taking her in.  And boy did she feel it.  And show it.One day, her owner took her to Art's Automotive.  Art's talked to her owner like she was an adult.  Gave her thorough inspections.  Explained what needed to be fixed and what could wait.  Charged her owner for the work and parts.  This last time, Art's also cleaned her dirty insides, wiped her windshield spotless, refilled her fluids and added a courtesy discount!  She preened.Now, when she navigates parking at the Berkeley Bowl; drops her owner off at Yoga; and waits at the BART station for her owner to take her home after a standard 8 hour work day; she preens.  And thinks of Art's.
<review# 2323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2008,3/15/2008,969,380,15,15,14>After reading a witty review from my favorite Miss Silicon Valley yelper, I have been thinking of the day when I can be tempted by the demon lover himself.  How conveniently did I decide that the demon lover is a him.  I had a late lunch here today with Deanna T. and finally got the chance to taste the sinful but delicious demon lover (and some of Deanna's Miss Porky pulled pork sandwich and herb fries).  Boy, am I paying for it right now; I'm dozing off in my 5PM class, resorting to write a review of my own to keep myself from falling asleep.  Fried breaded chicken, waffle, and creamy gravy = sleep inducing load of carbs.  It was my first time having chicken and waffle and didn't know what to expect.  When I was asked the question du jour, "gravy or syrup," I quickly thought to myself: do I want gravy on my waffle or syrup on my fried chicken?  The waitress recommended gravy and I'm glad I went with that; I'm not sure that I want syrup on fried chicken.  I will just make sure that the next time I come across the demon lover, it won't be prior to an hour and a half of lecture on Rousseau and his theory on the state of nature.
<review# 2324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2008,3/14/2008,266,363,7,11,10>Consider me smitten!When I was talking to Kristen S. and Matt R. at the Alley a couple of weeks ago, I mentioned all crabby-pants style that I don't really like Berkeley.  And now, I wish to take back that sentiment.  In actuality, I've just forgotten about all the good parts of Berkeley.  I think I tend to forget when I'm always in my little campus bubble, often so eager at the end of each day to escape back to my Lake Merritt bubble.  And then I go to places like Love at First Bite and gloriously wallow in cupcakes SO DELICIOUS that I feel compelled to start hyperactively spouting overwrought comments to the tune of the "droolworthy" and "orgasmic".  Mud pie cupcake, red velvet cupcake, strawberry cupcake . . . location next to the original Peet's right on the tree-lined streets of the Gourmet Ghetto . . . ay me.  Somebody stop me, before I actually reconsider moving back to Bizerkely.
<review# 2325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2007,3/13/2008,61,137,5,6,7>Impossibly tasty Indian street food, but very fresh. It's always a good sign when most of the people eating in an ethnic restaurant are from that background. That's the case here - you've got everyone here - the  professors with their grad students hanging off their sleeves,  the cab drivers, the families stopping in after a morning of shopping, professionals, etc...Food is perfectly spiced and refreshing without being too heavy. The mango lassi is a must-order. I want to come back and try every single item on the menu.
<review# 2326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2007,3/12/2008,344,213,4,10,10>Roast beef, cheedar, pickles, onions, mayo on ciabatta.Rattos has single-handedly kept me from calling into work comatose for the past 3 months.  Whenever i'm feeling a bit down and hypoglycemic, the promise of their kick ass sandwiches cheers me and gets my blood sugar going to get me through the day.perfect perfect perfect.
<review# 2327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2007,3/11/2008,333,39,27,11,11>I grew up on Giant Burgers and have always loved their quarter-pound cheeseburgers, steak-cut fries, and extra thick shakes.  It wasn't until i got a little older, however, that i began to appreciate GB's entertainment value as much as it's food. You see, it is one of the few places in Downtown/Uptown Oakland that is still open and serving food when the bars let out, so my friends and I occasionally find ourselves here at 2:30 or so in the morning. And every time we do, without fail, we witness some sort of craziness going on in the parking lot, behind the counter, or both.Among some of my favorite late night experiences:-- Man pulls up, gets out of his car (sittin' on 24s, naturally), walks straight up to the counter and, without paying, gets handed a bag of burgers, surpassing the 12 or so people that have been patiently waiting for their food.  On his way out, he offers my friend and I a twenty-sack of weed, complete with half smoked joint in said sack.  We politely decline. As he pulls away, my friend says to me "you know those were our burgers, right?" We both shrug.-- Woman orders at counter: "Lemmie get a burger, fries- hey, flick that bug offa there!... and a Coke. No make that Sprite."-- As a lady friend of mine was ordering: Guy Behind Counter: "Whatchoo want, baby?"LF: "May I have a cheeseburger and a chocolate-banana shake?"GBH: "Heh heh, I gotta chocolate banana for ya"LF: ?!!Me: ?!!GBH: "Heh heh haaaaw!"-- Regular occurrences of kids doing donuts and getting 'hyphy' in the parking lot and adjacent streets. This was, in fact, the one and only place that I've actually witnessed someone ghost riding the whip.I would love to film a documentary about the Giant Burgers parking lot- I think it would make for excellent viewing. However, I'm just not sure a white-boy with a camera, continuously filming, would be entirely appreciated by some of the proposed subjects of such a documentary.  Giant Burgers: Three stars for the food, one more for the entertainment.
<review# 2328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2007,3/10/2008,146,319,13,12,17>Among the many surprises in Oakland, this place lets any Oaklandish person learn to sail and rent sailboats at dirt cheap rates.  Start with the ~$110 basic sailing class (three days over two weekends) to get the most basic certification, then stop by the Lake on breezy afternoons to grab one of the fleet of well-used but fully functional boats.  The crazy airflow around downtown Oakland makes for challenging navigation (you can circle the Lake doing nothing but tacking at times, and the center of the Lake will often be nothing but dead air), but you'll learn the basics without spending a lot of money.  When the wind really picks up, grab one of the catamarans and get your speed on.  Get hyphy and spin donuts around the gondola.  When you're feeling more confident, spend a few more dollars (but many dollars less than private sailing clubs) and take the advanced classes out on the Estuary.  You can get certified to sail on the Bay for less than what you'd pay for a daytrip on some of the upscale boating outfits.The water won't kill you, but it's still powerful encouragement not to tip your boat.
<review# 2329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2008,3/8/2008,456,631,13,8,14>I wonder if Shixas eat at Crixa's...it had to be said.It's just so fun to say...like Francisco. Say it with me Fran-cis-co!I braved the beautiful weather on my bike and took my lappy to a table outside.Strong iced coffee in one hand, Boston Creme Pie in the other, who could ask for anything more. Sweets with my sweet. This place is just so...comforting.
<review# 2330,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/28/2008,3/7/2008,749,974,15,6,9>You know that friend you have that you hardly talk to?  Then when you do talk you're both all..."We never hang out! I miss kickin' it with you! Fool, where you been?"Oakland is that friend for me.  Love it dearly, but dammit I just never get around to hanging out in the Biggety-O!  Why? Probably cuz I've been spending all my time in the Sucka-Free...HOLLA!!!I came to Luka's for some much needed homie time...both the actual city and a fer reals homie.  They have Chimay on tap, yo!  Whut whuuuuut!!!! They had the Lakers vs. Suns game on, too!  (side note: Shaq isn't doing so well..dawg's gettin' old)Dinner..meh.  My dinner was scalding hot and homie's was cold.  The tables were really close too but that didn't matter, our dining neighbors were hella friendly.  Don't talk about anything too embarrassing though..your shit'll get overheard.I'd roll back up into this mug though....especially cuz I want to check out their nightly live music.  I'm all over that....booze and music is bomb ass!(slight ghetto intonation was adapted for the writing of this review)
<review# 2331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2007,3/6/2008,49,60,8,11,9>Short Story: Ridiculously delicious food. I think I can attribute at least 29% of my popularity to the fact that I've introduced my friends to this place. And that I live 2 blocks away from it. Everything I've eaten there has been superb, tho the fish combo is particularly, one might say INSANELY, tasty. Portions are huge; you can serve 2 moderately hungry people on one combo, easy. The service is of the type that would ordinarily drive me crazy in another sort of restaurant. (I.e. the staff are slow, distracted, and quite possibly high.) But they are genuine and friendly, so I don't even care. I cannot contain my enthusiasm for this restaurant, but I should warn you that the habanero sauce caused ecstatic hallucinations in my boyfriend, and I was jealous.
<review# 2332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2007,3/5/2008,413,616,4,13,8>one night last september, or maybe august, i was preparing for bed: brushing my teeth, taking my contacts out, putting my glasses on, when a horrible thing happened. out of nowhere, my glasses broke into two pieces in my hands. no, they weren't cracked. no, i wasn't handling them forcefully. no, i didn't drop them. they were just, apparently, that old. i'd had them for at least four years, maybe five.so there i stood, broken glasses in hand, not having any idea what to do. i tried all manner of things to fix them: tape, medical tape, duct tape, glue, rubber cement, epoxy. none of them worked, and why would they? i couldn't/wouldn't have worn glasses with tape on them anyway. at least, not in public.a lot of time passes. i wear contacts every single second of the day, and most nights. this doesn't bother me so much, as it's what i would do normally, but there are times i just really wish i could switch to glasses for a few hours, and i can't. nine months later, i finally get my all-this-time-insurance-havin' ass to the eye doctor, for a new pair of glasses. diana yuen is the eye doctor i'm assigned to, conveniently enough, as she's located just a hop skip & a jump away from my apartment, and i've often looked longingly in her windows at glasses i would like to put on my face. awww. also, my friend yea-ming works there.here's the scoop: dr. yuen is really nice, even if she has to berate you about your awful contact lens wearing habits. the staff is all very sweet & friendly, not to mention helpful. the place is located extra conveniently on grand avenue, and has saturday hours. their selection of glasses is wonderful. i'm sure, too, there are other pluses.mainly though: after nine months, i finally have a pair of glasses i can actually wear in public.
<review# 2333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2007,3/4/2008,726,863,17,12,15>Thank goodness I didn't drink when I went here (with Hywel J. no less); because the duck was so good that I might've started making my own quacking noises after having it. Yeah, the duck is that good. Have you seen my profile's "last meal" entry? Yeah, I will let myself rest in peace after having A Cote's duck one last time. Is it bad that I know where exactly in Oakland to get the best duck? Nah! Oh yeah, thanks to HJ and this restaurant, (ok, I had a couple small sips of his flight) I now know that "Piedmont" grapes (as in Italy, not in that stupid part of the lower hills that is too snobby to admit that they really are part of Oakland) are my favorite grapes. I should be kicked out of CA. After growing up in Livermore, going to school in the Central Coast, having my parents hire a wine consultant, and having close friends in Napa, my favorite wines come from Italy. Oops! I hate avocados too. Yeah, I better pack my bags and leave CA. Wait, that had nothing to do with A Cote. EAT HERE! (And make reservations because they almost didn't seat us on a Saturday night.)
<review# 2334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2007,3/3/2008,72,117,15,8,10>Warning: Drinking and piggy back riding, not recommended.I have alot of memories here. But my favorite is the legendary night I got a concussion from drunken piggy back riding.My friend and I had one, two, I would say five to many drinks. And we thought since we had been reminiscing all night I'll get a piggy back ride to my car like old times.He's 6'4", and I'm 5'7" so and I hop up and we kind of crash into the wall and then he hopped off the curb and was just going side-ways and then BAM!! I hit my head a little too hard on the street. He drove me to the hospital (without a license and drunk, not a well planned night I know) because I was bleeding. When we got there he was throwing up and the nurses asked if he hit his head too... I said no, he's just allergic to pineapple (he finished all my drinks which all had pineapple).Just another reason why you should always have a designated driver and piggy back giver.Hopefully I will have many more memories on the Forbidden Island Tiki Lounge.
<review# 2335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2008,3/2/2008,105,172,3,11,8>Thanks to Maui, this birthday girl had a very relaxed, peaceful, introspective day.  He incorporated several healing modalities into my massage including lomi lomi (traditional Hawaiian massage).The cost can't be beat for a 90 minute massage.  Plus you get $15 off on your birthday.Other reviewers are correct: there are no frills here like furry robes and the like.  But the homey atmosphere, friendly therapists, and out of this world massages make up for all of that stuff.I'll be back soon.  Very soon.
<review# 2336,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/10/2007,3/1/2008,221,219,7,9,7>After reading tons of reviews for brunch in my area, I decided to check this place out. To be honest, my biggest motivation for coming here had a lot to do with the fact that my roommate and I didn't wake up until well after noon, and most brunch places close fairly early. Cockadoodle serves brunch 'till 2:30. We got there at 2:00, and watched several people walk through the door well into the hour, and none were turned away. Rad!The waitress started off as really friendly; prompt delivery of my water and coffee! I ordered the Chicken Coop (how can you resist that name?), with 2 eggs over hard, 3 chicken-apple sausages, potato chunks, and a biscuit. It came out pretty fast, but by the time I got my food, I was running low on coffee.I like my cup to be refilled at the first sign of shortage, for realz. So I'm eating my food and taking itsy bitsy sips of coffee in an effort to conserve what bit I had. It was like an energy crisis at my table. Chewing expends energy, and food makes me tired. I needed my magic elixir, dammit!Didn't come.The potatoes were pretty good, and I don't even generally like potatoes. The biscuit was freakishly hard on the outside but soft and sweet in the middle. The sausage was honestly kinda gross, but I can't really blame that on the cooks. It was tough. I like my meat products to be easily edible. And the eggs....really tasty at first, but once I got towards the yolk, a liquid yellow substance began leaking onto my plate, soiling all my other food items. Maybe over-hard means something else to these people, but to me it means very little or no runnage. It fucking scares me. I hate runny yolk, I hate it almost as much as I hate not getting a coffee refill.Finally, disgusted by the yellow substance, I decided I was full and proceeded to sleep with my eyes open.My roommate ordered salmon hash, and it came with hella toast. I'm not quite sure what the fuck a salmon hash is, but apparently it was more like a hash, as it lacked salmon. Another waitress eventually came over and got our nearly empty plates. And this goddess from heaven above also filled my coffee cup once more,So some people may call me picky about the coffee thing, but you can all suck it! Refilling a customer's beverage is part of a waitresses or waiters job description. It's probably one of the easiest parts, especially when it's not crazy-busy. The menu was really plentiful, and I think that had I ordered something not involving eggs, I may have enjoyed my food a lot more. I'm open to trying this place again, but hopefully I get the goddess of a waitress that actually brings me coffee.
<review# 2337,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/13/2008,2/29/2008,266,222,12,13,11>The curly fries will have you running on a treadmill for the next week and a half, but it may very well be worth it (: mmm: Fries + Ranch Dressing will be the death of me. It's my new years resolution to phase that stuff out...it's not going too well thus far but I'm optimistic! *sigh*I don't go to Barney's often because its quite expensive and, well, it's not exactly the healthiest option on Solano. Don't get me wrong, there are lots of choices! I think they have salads and all that crap...I mean stuff....but c'mon. Barney's is for burgers!The Blackened Turkey Burger is always a little on the salty side, but I have to admit that it's pretty darn tasty! I usually only eat half at a time - FYI I learned on Oprah that the best way to control your portions is to ask for a to-go box the second you get your food, and divide it up. It works! I just wish that their to-go boxes weren't see through; its a lot easier to pretend the food isnt there when you can't see it (:I have to take 2 stars off for the gross factor: Their one occupant women's restroom does not have a sink *inside* the room itself; the sink is actually in the hall way leading to the restrooms. That means every person that goes in, comes out without washing their hands: Eww :( That's gotta be one nasty doorknob. I always try to avoid using the restrooms here but when I have to, I feel the need to peel a layer of skin off of my hands in order to rid myself of the germs. It's true that you end up washing your hands afterwards anyway, but I've seen a lot of people - not necessarily employees - just walk right on by that sink without blinking an eye. And they're touching the tables, the cups, the forks and spoons: Eww :(
<review# 2338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2008,2/28/2008,163,270,24,18,23>-i have a thing for cemeteries-along with my thing for vampire movies (my fave is underworld and evolution), jack skellington, tim burton flicks, dexter and my chemical romance-driving into this place took my breath away, a combo of excitement and beauty-not too many people walking around or anything so i felt it was all mine-i tend to look for the earliest deadest person, found someone who died in late 1700s (if i remember correctly) and i was soo thrilled!-i also have a thing for pictures on the tombstones-too bad i broke my leather strap to my flipflop so i was somewhat uncomfortable but that did not stop me from walking wwaaayy up there to where the huge mausoleums were-i was soooo upset (thus minus 1 star) that these beautiful places of rest are not respected as evidenced by some broken stained glass that have obviously been stoned-from the merritts to the ghirardellis-2 guys trying to conceal the fact they were smoking pot *ppsssttt, you guys were never alone, somebodies been watching you*=DON'T TAKE MUCH TO IMPRESS ME, TAKE ME TO A CEMETERY!
<review# 2339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2007,2/27/2008,116,147,18,8,9>A Haiku:Mister Sake manYou are smiling assassinHow did I get home?What a great little gem on the other side of the bridge.  We ordered more food than five people should ever eat and it all was amazing.  The eggplant and unagi stick out in my mind.  Very reasonably priced and the service was very friendly.  Sometimes too friendly.  Enter the sake man.    Beware the bottomless cedar sake box.  Do not order if you are planning on driving or making it to your 10am yoga class the next day.
<review# 2340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2007,2/26/2008,370,482,3,9,6>OK, as a frequent Yelper, I think it looks a little sketch that this place has so many five-star reviews, especially because a number of them are by people who only have one review so you wonder if the owners/employees put them up to it. And I suppose it's possible. But I think most the five-star reviews are there for a good reason.Onto my experience. I used to work with Miranda (mirandanicole.yelp.com) years ago and was excited to learn she recently became a hairdresser and trained with Blair, who I've never been to but you'll see has a ton of fabulous Yelp reviews. I was ready for a change of hairstylists so I booked an appointment for a haircut. It cost more than I'm used to paying -- $45, but that still seems to be a good price compared to the $60+ cuts I hear about from other friends. And it was $45 well spent. I've never had anyone spend so much time on a haircut! And it was great. We sat down for a consultation first and she really got a good look at my hair, felt how it hangs and its texture, listened to my thoughts and offered her opinions. The shampoo was good -- got to kick my feet up while I got a (much-needed) mini head and neck massage.I was in the salon more than an hour and a half and I totally didn't mind because I felt like I was in good hands.  After cutting it wet, she did some dry cutting too using a slicing method. She meticulously paid attention to detail but didn't forget to look at the big picture too. She straightened it and made it look better than I ever can, but gave me tips for styling without a lot of fuss. I left with a cut that combines my suggestions and her suggestions.I plan to go back to her next time I need a haircut or decide to put some color up there.The only drawbacks with this place are the location -- in the middle of Alcosta Road, not exactly right off the freeway -- and the tight squeeze on the inside -- lots of stations/stuff everywhere. But the the quality of the service and the end product are what matter most and that is all good.UPDATE: Miranda no longer works at this salon, she's now at Montgomery Beauty Salon in Dublin, but I would consider going back here anyway if she was unavailable.
<review# 2341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2008,2/25/2008,734,876,20,28,29>"Sunsets or sunrises? Which do you prefer?" I was once asked. I couldn't give an answer. For one, I'm a Libra - indecisive. Most will find it difficult to ever get a straight answer to a "favorite" question from me. Favorite color? Favorite animal? Favorite artist? You'll have me wracking my brain. I can't just pick one. There's always some sort of list, some set of circumstances. I know what I like and what I don't like; I just can't pick one over another, especially when there are two to choose from, and both options are ones I enjoy.Secondly, sunsets and sunrises are two very different experiences. I associate a different set of memories to each. Choosing one over the other would depend on mood, timing, location, situation. If your mood is romantic and your timing is right, I have heard/read wonderful things about the sunset and view of the bay from the Berkeley Rose Garden. Breathtaking.Stunning.Gorgeous.A few words others have used to describe the view. I have not yet witnessed the sunset myself during my prior visits.. In fact, I hadn't even noticed the view of the bay from the garden. It's not that I am entirely oblivious to my surroundings. I was just preoccupied at the time - too busy smelling the roses, perhaps?
<review# 2342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2008,2/24/2008,423,725,8,14,14>Why the hell is a vegetarian giving a meat-eaters-only place a 5 star review, you ask?  First, I gotta tell you why  I've been vegetarian for about 13 years, except for the once-a-year turkey on Thanksgiving:1.  I'm not Tony Bourdain.2.  Animals shouldn't be kept in tiny cages all their lives, and often, who knows where your animal of choice came from?3.  Sustainability - takes way more farmland to feed the animals to get your food from them, if they're kept in cages like #2.4.  Health.  And if ask me where I get my protein from, I'll only tell you if you can do more pushups, or beat me at armwrestling.  Either one. ;-)T-Rex knocks out #2 and #3 as reasons, they get their meat cruelty-free and without antibiotics.  And free-range animals graze where people don't really put farms.But I digress.  Why should a veggie to go T-Rex?  Whiskey, cocktails, beer, and FRIES, that's why.  Dear god, their chipotle fries are about the best fries I've ever had, and I've had a few.  They have an incredible whiskey WALL - not just a menu, a WALL, carry Hangar One for the ladies' vodka tonics, and they have a damn good beer list.  The bar is open late, it's a sexy-cool little bar, dimly lit enough to be mysterious, and oh yeah, they make a good perfect manhattan.I'm sure there are other apps there for veggies - the green beans looked good too - but go there for drinks and fries, if nothing else.  Can't wait to see what the late-night scene is here one day.  I'd love to have a DYL here, but it's not too BARTable . . .
<review# 2343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2007,2/23/2008,73,128,13,19,18>I had to do a double take when I first passed this place. Is that really a large and very cute Portuguese shop right near my house?? Are my days of getting food shipped from the other Portuguese capital of America (Fall River, MA) over? It looks like indeed they are.This place is awesome, if you happen to have a need for Portuguese foods and wines. They have a deli with lots of cheeses, linguica, balcalhau (cod fish), as well as many different sardines, cookies, drinks and stoneware. They have a wonderful selection of wine including a large assortment of Port wines. Best of all they have something NO self-respecting Portuguese household should be without: the Barcelos rooster.Cock-a-doodle-do and Muito Obrigado!
<review# 2344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2007,2/22/2008,48,195,11,6,7>You know how Dagwood yells "OMIGOSH!" like it is one word? You remember when I embarrassed myself by admitting that I read Blondie? Anyway, I always thought that OMIGOSH! was really stupid, but then I realized that I have my own version of it that comes out spontaneously in times of panic. Of course my version isn't so G-rated, but imagine what you would say over and over if you realized that you left your passport on the glass at a photocopy place, realized this about 4 hours after you left, and realized that you were leaving the country in under 24 hours.OHHOLYFU@&, OHHOLYFU@&, OHHOLYFU@&...!Thankfully, the folks at Piedmont Copy found it and didn't immediately sell it on the black market, book tickets to Bora Bora, or open credit card accounts under my name. They found it, and they put it behind the counter, and probably had a good laugh at me after I came back to get it. I must have looked like a crazy maniac when I came in praying that they still had my passport muttering OHHOLYFU@&.You rock, Piedmont Copy.
<review# 2345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2008,2/21/2008,1352,418,8,7,9>Hmmmm . . .  there is more to Emeryville than the International Food Court and IKEA?!?!?!?  Who would a thunk it!  I have never been to this part of Etown!  The bakery itself is great, but the inside seating is a little limited.  Outside is pleaseant.The best part of my short meeting there was when I ordered the barrista, who is much younger, cooler and hipper than I - like that is hard to do - said my Chrome bag was "dope."  That's good right?I was also entertained by the two guys who were working the counter as they argued over who had memorized correctly the nutritional information of the croissant, blueberry scone and bran muffin.Four star alone for the fun and helpful staff!
<review# 2346,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/7/2008,2/20/2008,3617,1853,50,21,21>OK, so here's a dude reviewing the most famous Women's Lingerie Store in the US, perhaps the world! WTF?Wait, don't get your panties into a bunch over it! I am competent enough to write this. Why, you say?No, I am not a cross dresser! And I am not a creepy fetish guy, either!So what makes me qualified to write a review here?A. I used to work retail a long time ago (when this stuff was called the "Foundations" department!) Plus, I know merchandising. B. I remember when VS was a couple of stores with exquisite, unique lingerie and not a huge chain with mass-merchandise and owned by The Limited Corporation out of the midwest. C. I am not intimitidated going into a lingerie store like many guys. I have been around enough lingerie (not mine) to know a little bit.D. I know the difference between a thong, boy shorts, and an underwire and how to match up the right 2 out of those 3.I went to this store at the worst possible time, Christmas shopping time. It's been a long time since I have been in a VS. I didn't know they had expanded into all sorts of new merchandise. The store was pretty busy, but the lingerie, or what was left, was pretty well organized. I like the way the panties are in drawers marked by size and style. Unfortunately, the better stuff was pretty picked over. There was little floor help. A young girl who was paid to fold could point in a general area, but that was it. The more experienced ladies working there were simply chained to the register ringing people up.  There was a line about 10 deep. I know that store very well now, having felt my way around a lot!Not finding anything interesting in the main room, I went into the "Designer" room with the "INTIMISSIMI" brand choices. I had to crack up with the name, an obvious fabrication by VS to develop its own brand name for higher profit margins. The clever use of a sort of Italian sounding name with strong romantic English concepts spliced together of "Intimate" and "Miss me?". (or simply Miss, as in I am young and single, and Me, as it is just or me) Brilliant!  Have your main suppliers make it to your specs at a lower cost (because you do the marketing and advertising) and charge more for it! Good profits!Of course, that is the trend nowadays, name your products that sound like a suggested word or concept, but not quite, to convey an emotional concept and reponse from the consumer, subliminally. Drug  companies like that approach, too. Claritin, Allegra, Celebrex, Flomax, Viagra, you get the picture.I am surprised there isn't a new competitor to Viagra called   "Erecta" or "Hardona" !  With that and some of Victoria's Secret, good things may come up! Intimissimi? (Or is that a wrench in your pants pocket?)
<review# 2347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2008,2/19/2008,315,242,12,18,21>I had some business to take care of today on Piedmont Avenue, so Brian L and I trekked over to Oakland.  After taking care of said business, we studied a while to work up our appetite.  At dinner time, I gave him options - Fenton's, Chinese, Japanese, Thai, or Cato's Ale House.  After all this studying and stress, he immediately jumped on the words "Ale House."It was warm, dark, and loud inside, a welcome respite from the bitter cold outside and the tired, cold emptiness in my brain and in my heart.  We immediately went to the order window, where I asked for the "Yosemite" sandwich (turkey, sundried tomato - feta spread, tomatoes and onions) with a side of "Catatoes," and Brian got a slice of the pepperoni pizza.  We paid, got our number, and found a table.At that point, Brian suggested getting something from the bar.  I was worried about having to drive home, but much to my delight, they had a "small" size beer (10 oz as opposed to the regular 16).  They have quite the extensive list of beers on tap (yelp.com/biz_photos/VbBK…) and when Brian asked the bartender for recommendations, he was more than happy to oblige, asking questions like, "Do you prefer strong or not?  Dark or light?  Sweet or bitter?"  After Brian answered all the questions, the bartender chose two kinds to let us sample before Brian made his final decision (the Kona Pipeline porter).  I got a small Lost Coast raspberry brown, because I like my beers to taste like 1. bread, or 2. fruit.I tried to take a pic showing the difference in size, but because of the angle, they look the same (yelp.com/biz_photos/VbBK…).  You can tell though, that my glass had the curvy hourglass shape of society's ideal woman, just like in the skim milk commercials, so you know which one was the ladylike small.Then the food came (and yes, I did use the pictured fork to eat the Catatoes).  yelp.com/biz_photos/VbBK…It was yummy - my bread was toasted just right, the sandwich was a manageable size (for the bite and the stomach), and the feta spread was unusual and delicious.  The pickled carrot things were good on the tortilla chips, by the way.The tv over the bar was showing an old NFL game, so when we were tired of trying to talk over the din of the music, we turned our attention to Joe Montana....and before we knew it, dinner was DONE.  yelp.com/biz_photos/VbBK…
<review# 2348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2007,2/18/2008,292,112,66,24,30>Mom said never take rides from strangers so I was scared of the worst when I first started the casual car pool.  Day one I slowly drove past the line of waiting carpoolers twice before quickly speeding off because I had decided that the men were definitely rapists and I should try again another day.Day two I decided to be a rider.  I have hitchhiked before and have this little routine in my head about pretending I'm down to be raped and then jumping out of the car when it slows enough, keeping my head and arms tucked as to minimize damage.  I was prepared, just in case.  There was another girl in line before me when a man in a car pulled up.  It was risky, but I figured he really couldn't rape us both at the same time.Day four hundred and sixty-eight and still no rape.The moral of this story is: Mom doesn't know what she is talking about.  Next I'll be debunking the over-hyped running with scissors myth.Possible alternate moral of this story: I'm just not rape material.
<review# 2349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2007,2/17/2008,195,315,8,11,9>If you are looking for soul food, look no further!Two words: Fried Chicken.  They make it fresh.  It's hot, crispy on the outside, steamy on the inside, yummy.   The sides are also decent -- collards are quite good.  Cornbread is awesome.  Their fried seafood is also very good -- fish and oysters are fried in a cornmeal crust, very nicely.  But if I go back, I'm having chicken.The atmosphere will impress your white friends.  The service is random but well-meaning -- if you were to watch it long enough, there's probably a sitcom somewhere there.  Plus there are a lot of cops eating there, so your car is safe.
<review# 2350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2007,2/16/2008,636,190,20,15,19>Kona Beer: 3$1/2 Scorpion: 11$Waking up on Saturday w/ beads around your neck and dollar bills in your underwear. (and not knowing how either of them got there): PricelessThis would have been a night to remember, IF I hadn't had enough booze to sedate a horse. But let me back up.... I almost passed by this quaint little bar. Confirming that I had the right place, I walk up the rather steep set of stairs into a tiny room w/ several tables and a small bar. The decor takes me back to the cabanas in Boracay, Philippines....ah yes...I can almost taste the salt water in the air. Comfy wicker furniture  and blow-fish lamps decorate the cozy bar while the rather cute bartenders describe the very sweet signature drinks. First thing first: their happy hour is good (3$ for Kona beer, 5$ for a Mai Tai). Think of an unpretentious Trader Vic's and you have the Conga Lounge. Good happy hour +1Cozy environment +1Good bar food (Taquitos, cheesy bread, Guac & chips) +1Cute bartenders in pleated moo moos +1At night, they clear the furniture for a dance floor. This will definitely be my spot in the Rockridge area.
<review# 2351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2007,2/14/2008,231,162,6,14,8>I'm proud to say that Midas in Berkeley took the title of "first non-dealership work" for my little Audi. At first I was scared, but after talking with the mechanics and getting the ultimate deal, I couldn't be more pleased. Front Brakes at Audi of Oakland = $700Front Brakes at Midas in Berkeley = $214And Huston, the brake specialist, even gave me a ride back to work. I'm glad I was able to step of my high horse for a second... totally worth it.
<review# 2352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2007,2/13/2008,151,213,6,12,14>I was certain that I had already reviewed Saul's, but alas, I'd overlooked it until today.  Saul's is owned by a couple named Karen and Peter, who started with half the space they have now, then expanded when the store next door closed.  The remodel almost broke them since the City of Berkeley is so draconian in their attempts to extract fees from anyone who comes to them.  I digress.  The food: Saul's has created the only Jewish deli I know of in the east bay.  San Francisco had The Deli on Union, and David's on Geary, but I don't make it over the bridge that often. In the 70's we had Aladdin on College but that's long gone.  I always order the same thing: turkey pastrami reuben...comes on toasted rye with russian dressing...crispy and juicy...Iced tea is the perfect complement.  On a rainy or drizzly day everyone gets the same idea...get some comfort food at Saul's.  Go there, your mutha said it's good for ye!Updated 2/14/2008...Thanks for the ROTD folks...here's a true story:  we're sitting there in Sauls and a server brings these gorgeous latkes over to the next table...customer looks puzzled...says, " I asked for two lattes.....chuckles all around....
<review# 2353,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/22/2007,2/12/2008,61,243,3,22,13>2/09 update: not as good as Norikonoko these days.***Two words to change your life: SECRET NOODLES.There's no indication on the menu, but you can ask for hand-pulled* noodles in your broth. It'll cost you an extra dollar, but it's worth far more. I'm not certain how, physically, the difference arises, but I think hand-pulling results in all the elasticity ending up in the cross-section instead of along the length. This might sound trivial, but the result is a much more interesting texture. Instead of being pleasant filler, the noodles are actively fun to chew.At Ryowa, unlike in quality restaurants, they DON'T pull the noodles in front of you, which usually leads to over-pulling, and anyway the noodles should sit for a while before you cook them. The result is Ryowa's ramen doesn't get soggy, so you can take your time getting to the bottom of your bowl.This is the cheapest place near campus where you can sit inside and relax with a meal that's special, if only a little.*since this is now ROTD, and in the interest of accuracy, I should let you know that I can't get a straight answer from these guys as to whether the noodles are hand-pulled or just "better". They are certainly better, though.
<review# 2354,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/6/2008,2/11/2008,832,283,36,15,22>Row, row, row your boatGently down the stream.Made-to-order sushi's excellent,But on boats it's often green.
<review# 2355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2007,2/10/2008,319,125,10,27,19>Current stress levels are higher and as nonsensical as the Tower of Babel. I'm frustrated with my lack of power in 14 different situations. I keep dreaming of being unable to move while faceless haters whale on my body. I puttered through Yelp massage reviews till I found, "2 hours for $115," and made an appointment  for the same day. I arrived, rang the doorbell, and was immediately assuaged with happy tongues, happy to see whoever you are. No better way to begin a massage then being loved by Raul's rescue puppies. Raul and I sat and talked about my life style, work, exercise regimen. I asked ignorant questions about his technique and entrusted myself to his proposed comprehensive method. His studio is PERFECT. Beautiful. Clean. Peaceful. He's going to open the door one morning and say, "Have you been here all night, Lydia?" Running waterfalls, calming meditative music, nature sounds, warm colors, beautiful scents. Heated bed. Just perfect. I've never had someone read my body so well. He felt my solis (sp er?) in my calf and knew that it was a symptom of my tight hip muscles. We destroyed my trigger points together. Trigger pts? When the muscle's injured, extra fluid enters and remains behind. He would massage it until they spasmed to their deaths. "Normally, I don't talk this much but I'm just answering all your questions," he apologetically said after giving me all the above info. Upper back and lower neck. He put open hands on my upper back. "Whoa, you're holding a lot in." And he began. Kneading, pressing. This is the weirdest part but there were some specific points that were very hard to get through. He wouldn't relent until it was dead. When the pain climbed to the pinnacle of unbearable, it'd release and I'd feel an emotional poof. With each dying pain point, I'd exhale emotion in my breath. Tears of release absorbed onto my face cover. Earlier while undressing, I cynically interpreted a sign that read, "GRATITUDE," to mean, "don't forget to tip me." After, while putting my clothes back on, I reread the sign and it resonated different truths. It's a stance that Raul lives by. I can attest to that by the humble and honest way he approached his work on my body.
<review# 2356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2007,2/9/2008,120,115,10,20,20>Meal Ticket gets 5 stars from me. No question. Before I discuss the food, I want to say a few words about the waitress (co-owner) that everyone has been dissing. I think she's great. So what if she's a little grumpy? Don't take it so personally, people! She's thoroughly competent, and she's kind, even though she's sometimes distracted or brusk. She has gone out of her way to accomodate me and my dining pals on a number of occasions. Meal Ticket has the best-in-town of 3 of my favorite things. Burgers = the best. Caesar salad, with dressing they make from scratch on the spot = stellar. And blueberry cornmeal pancakes like none other, anywhere. Drool. The coffee is good and they serve it with 1/2 and 1/2. My girlfriend loves the cranberry lemonade. I hear good things about the eggplant sandwich. I love the bacon-scallion-cheddar scramble with a toasted baguette. Mmm. Trout and eggs. Mmm, I'm getting hungry.The space is big, especially since they opened up the patio area out back. I'm almost always here with a group of 6-10 fat people, and they set up a nice area for us if we call when we're on our way. They're gracious about us lingering after closing. The bathrooms are big and lovely. The entry is wheelchair accessible.Fat-friendly rating: 5 stars!
<review# 2357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2008,2/8/2008,276,131,10,11,15>Flight 001, you've brought comfort to the cramped coach quarters of many a traveler, including me! No more pushing my way past cranky travelers at the carousel, only to find that bag I risked a serious bitch slap to snatch before it made another round, wasn't mine.  You have brightly-colored bag tags for that.No more will I find myself without the simple, but very essential necessities needed to rack up some more frequent flier miles in the mile high club.  You have a mile high kit for that.No longer will I wake from a deep sleep only to find my head resting on the shoulder of the passenger in the seat next to mine.  You have neck pillows for that.What else do I appreciate about you 001?Travel sized games so I don't get bored.City maps to better explore. Mini tissues for my runny nose.Special pouches for wrinkle-free clothes.Your Spa Socks keep my feet nice and cozy.Your Mouthsaver Pak for breath that's rosy.Toiletry bags to hold my stash.Your security wallet protects my cash.Your selection of luggage means my look stays updatedFlight 001, never overrated.
<review# 2358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2007,2/6/2008,345,558,11,14,11>So going to places like this make me wonder if I made a mistake moving to Oakland.Seriously - I keep hearing that Oakland is the hip, laidback side of the bay - but where are all the hip, laid-back people?You'd think they'd be here on a Thursday during the great happy hour that they have at B.You'd think that the hip, laid-back people would be enjoying $5 house cocktails - like the delish asian pear martini that I had or any of the other 8 that looked so good.  You'd think that they, like I, would be here, having a hard time deciding among all the awesome drinks.  But maybe just a little disappointed that the glass is so small.  You'd think they'd be enjoying $1 oysters or any of the $7 wood fired flat breads.  I had the shrimp one - that was delish and perfect to share.You'd think they'd be happy about the friendly and attentive but not overbearing service.But ummm they weren't.  I was there.  Thursday.  I got there a little after 6 and stayed till almost 8.  But they weren't there.  Instead there were a bunch of middle aged couples?  Not that they aren't hip and laid-back...but that's not really my definition.  So did I make a mistake?  In DC or even Arlington - this place would be filled with young cool people like me (gee, it's tiring being this fabulous) but B wasn't.  Which is a total shock and surprise - it should "B"Note: went back with the fantabulous Nadia C. of Phoenix and her adorable fiance.  We had a wonderful lunch sitting outside.  The chicken sandwich is delish and Nadia and Ben (the adorable fiance) were pleased with their meals.
<review# 2359,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/7/2007,2/4/2008,125,141,23,8,14>I don't find Tobey Maguire attractive.Most of the time, I don't really care whether I find Tobey Maguire attractive. But I just saw (or rather, got dragged to) Spiderman 3 (despite not having seen the previous Spidermen), so I had to spend like 3 hours not really understanding what was going on and hoping somebody attractive would wander onto the movie screen, to no avail.Cha-Am kind of reminds me of Tobey Maguire. I don't understand what everyone else likes about it. The garden surrounding the restaurant is pretty cool, and the service is always pleasant and helpful. Kind of like Tobey Maguire is young, reasonably physically fit, and bearing no immediate physical flaws.But Tobey Maguire isn't very exciting to look at, and the food here isn't very exciting to eat. The last time I ate here, we got an appetizer that, in terms of taste and texture, was not much different from the egg rolls I used to get at the mall (although I'd imagine the ingredients were fresher). The two entrees we ordered were similarly unimpressive. The spicy tofu dish was not particularly spicy (and this is coming from a white girl who grew up on egg rolls from the mall!), and the tuna was dry and overcooked. I did enjoy the green curry with some of the veggies from the tuna dish, which may bode well for other curry entrees on the menu, but my previous memories of the place are lackluster as well.There's better food to be had in this neighborhood, and there's better Thai in Berkeley. AND there are hundreds of better-looking actors out there who could have played Spiderman.
<review# 2360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2008,2/3/2008,501,1477,11,14,17>the outside is all black with red korean writing.  i'd driven by before and thought it looked creepy but after hearing good things, i got some people together and we went to check it out.  when you get to the door, there is a note posted that for your own safety, you should park on telegraph.  very thoughtful.inside it was small but normal enough looking with a cute waitress and cuter waiter.  we had the dubokki, seafood pajon and the pork/belly/beef tenderloin/soju (because i'm korean) combo which we cooked ourselves.  i'm not a big fan of dubokki because it doesn't taste like anything and it takes too much chewing to eat but the stuff i had last night was good.  we ordered it mild because one friend was having issues but it was still flavorful and not ketchup-like.  during dinner, i learned about mariah carey's keen business acumen and that i could pass for 21.5.  not 21 but 21.5.  guess who was at dinner with me?we didn't have any leftovers so we didn't get the bokumbap another reviewer mentioned.  i will be going back for that soon.
<review# 2361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2008,2/2/2008,586,1515,12,20,16>i am an excitable person.  it doesn't take much, but sometimes, i get so hyped on something, i just drive people crazy.awhile back, the obsession was honey.  i bought it, i talked about it, i had a party themed on it.  heck, i even read a biography of it ("robbing the bees" is a good book, okay!)but yeah, i admit, i must've been a bit much.unfortunately for those around me, my new obsession took even less.  all i needed to hear was "tanya holland," "oakland," and "soul food," and i was crazed.but, allow me to learn you a bit...tanya holland is a chef.  she has a book, she's been on the food network, and she's an oaklander.  she sought to open a new soul/southern/creole/caribbean restaurant in "sweet west oakland," as she says, and this week was her first.and i was there on saturday morning, because i was just so excited.right away, the feeling was right.  smiles flourished.  the mix of people were diverse - black people, brown people, yellow people, white people, and everything in between.  the music was up tempo, and positive.  the decor was colorful and fresh - think ad hoc as a diner, but with happy green walls.  we were greeted and seated, and the menu looked spectacular.  really!  everything sounded amazing, but i finally decided on the gumbo of the day (chicken) and the cast iron skillet cornbread with brown sugar butter.  shyam went for the bbq pork sandwich and black eyed peas salad.all i can say is "wow!"  the gumbo was just so flavorful, and just one bite let me know that she is good on her word about the fresh vegetables.  the cornbread was unlike any i've ever had - crispy and soft, savory and with a hint of sweet, thanks to the butter.  it was perfect for someone like me who doesn't like things too syrupy sweet.  the black eyed peas were, as it turns out, a perfect complement to the bbq pork sandwich, which, without a doubt, was the best bbq pork sandwich i have ever had.  did i mention they use blue bottle coffee?that all said, just get yourself some BSK!  your tummy will thank me!note: BSK is only open tuesday - saturday from 7 am to 3 pm for now!
<review# 2362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2007,2/1/2008,70,64,13,6,8>I came here to 'find myself' after waking up in Oakland on my friend's two-seater sofa in a cocktail dress and some gorilla slippers with a massive hangover from the office Christmas party the night before.This was one of those hangovers that would not be silenced by a mere double whopper from Burger King.No.The following is a verbatim account of the text messages i sent out to my friends as i underwent this greasy adventure.(sorry to those who were actually on the receiving end of this...               haha, receiving end... thats what she said)"i'm wandering around Oakland with a terrible hangover searching for fried chicken in yesterday's clothes""I'm at the the Home of Chicken and Waffles!  Oh my god, yes!"(to another person) "I'm at the Home of Fried Chicken - wish you were here!""God bless the man who thought to put fried chicken and waffles side by side.""Shut up!  I cant breathe!""Oh my god, i'm bringing you back here as soon as possible.  It's divine.""Fuckin' mac and cheese got me all googly-eyed..." "I think i might be dying...is this what cardiac arrest feels like?""Haha - i just caught a glimpse of myself in a mirror - i'm white as a ghost with bags under my eyes shoving chicken in my face.  Total sexiness.""This chicken is off the chain!"My arteries hurt now... i am pretty sure that meal took about 2 years off of my life.  But those 2 years weren't worth living having not experienced ingesting roughly 2000 calories in a single sitting.
<review# 2363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2007,1/29/2008,296,433,8,18,17>Daaaaaayum! Ms. Simpson or whoever cooks in this kitchen is seriously throwin' down! Yes, the fried fish was delicious. Yes, the red beans and rice were a bowl of perfection. Yes, the yams were like mapled gems. Yes, my fried snapper was perfectly crisp and seasoned, but the cornbread dressing was the shining star of my meal. It was like eating clouds only with lots of salt, grease, chicken fat or whatever else is put in there. I don't know how they season it, but you'll be begging for more once you try it. This is one of the best soul food restaurants I've been to in they Bay Area (sadly there aren't that many anymore) and it transports you straight to the South with churchy decor, sport tv et al. They serve sweet tea! All the diners in the place had that happy food coma glow and even the cook came out to meet and greet. I can't wait to return here for breakfast.
<review# 2364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2008,1/27/2008,213,365,20,15,12>Bikram Yoga is a truly humbling experience, in my opinion.  You will be pushed to your limits; mentally, physically, and emotionally.  My second class, I just wanted to weep because I felt nauseous and I couldn't do anything except sit there in the heat and try not to pass out.  So that's what I did.  Everyday will be different, as far as what your body will be able to do.  Your progress will not be linear.  Deal with it.  I'm trying to!However, if I stick with this practice, my ass* will be so hot and delicious that I will have to get some pepper spray as I walk down the street.  As far as I can tell from the women in my class, this is a true story.  You will sweat buckets and use muscles you didn't know you had.  And curse about it the next day (or maybe even during the class).  But just think about how hot you're going to look.  Not to mention how great you will feel.  It's worth checking out their $10 for ten days special for beginners.* The kind of ass that E-40 is talking about right here!  youtube.com/watch?v=x-kV…
<review# 2365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2007,1/26/2008,195,306,20,15,26>I don't do "Americana".  I'm not a fan of apple pie.  Baseball makes me snore.  I've read hot dog ingredients, no thanks.  I've never seen any of the Godfather movies.  The appeal of "Southern Rock" eludes me.  James Dean and Elvis were WAY over rated.  I'd prefer a Jag X series over a Chevy or Ford.  (Although I will be getting a Harley-Davidson within 5 years)But Val's is Americana I can get behind.  The same menu, the same good food, the same decor, and the same smiling faces for over 50 years.  The only thing that's changed is the prices.  For having such old decor, you'd think it would be dingy. Not Val's!  Even the bathrooms were pristine.  The Mama burger was huge, and yes, all the not-included fixin's were extra.  But for the size of the burger, the perfection of its juicy, hot, fresh medium-rare zen-i-osity I'd gladly pay the extra.  The fries are pretty good, too.  And the chocolate shake was utter perfection.It came to us quickly, despite the crowd, and it was hot and so good, I ate more than usual because I didn't want to stop.They're closed Sunday and Monday, but worth the wait.Bring cash though...to our embarrassment, we didn't have any and they don't take ATM or credit.  We had to run across the street to pay for our meal. Running is hard when you're that fat and happy.
<review# 2366,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/11/2008,1/25/2008,1501,948,23,19,18>I don't like take out Lamen, reheat Lamen.I like fresh made Lamen, SO HOT, but I don't wait till cool down.Never! I don't care my mouth gets burned!I'll punch you if I hear you sayin', " oh, I can't eat, It's too hot."FXXX You!That sounds something like.....Paris Hilton says. I hate the whore.Also French Fries.No one reheat french fries, period.Fresh cooked Hot french fries are great.About this place.It calls " BIG POPPA"S GIANT BURGER" now.Another Jetson's type huge sign on San Pablo, Oakland side.And they have BBQ too.Take out only.Grilled cheese burger $ 4.-Fries $2.-BBQ Chicken Sandwich $6.-BBQ Beef Sandwich $6.-BBQ Rib Sandwich $6.-Half Chicken, fries + soda $7.50Breakfast Sandwich Ham & Egg $4.-Breakfast Sandwich Steak $4.-Tax included.BBQ place like Doug's and Flin's are closed.Maybe this is the only BBQ place open on San Pablo. And the menu says Served 24 hours!I am interested in coming here around 4: 18 AM to see that is true.Btw, one of my favorite movie, " Undercover Brother", in the movie, there is a part that sayin' Black people don't like Mayonnaise.But, this burger, if you said, " everything on it.", there was Mayonnaise in it.youtube.com/watch?v=HkEG…
<review# 2367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2008,1/24/2008,262,27,13,19,19>I'm back! I thought Tamale Season was gonna kick my butt, but actually it was the stomach flu that nearly did me in for the New Year! After spending the entire weekend and then some in bed, I was finally hungry and foraging for food yesterday. My co-worker/niece/neighbor, Renee E was also getting rid of a nasty cold but needed to be fed as well. We needed something moderate in seasoning and price since we weren't sure how successful eating a full meal was gonna be with us both recuperating.  Manpuku was just what the doctor ordered. Now I wasn't gonna do anything crazy like eat raw seafood after a stomach bug but a bento box sounded really good. We got lucky and scored a table to spread out since Renee was amazed at how much food we were served. Each of us got warm soothing bowl of miso soup, steamed rice, teriyaki chicken, shrimp tempura with veggies, mixed green salad and a few edaname. I was still under Mami's orders to drink lots of fluids so, two cups of hot tea and a glass of water rounded out my dinner. I sat eating humming happily that food and I could be amigos again. In my sad pitiful moments while in my sick bed, all I did was lament that I love eating and that joy was taken from me. Gratefully, only for a few days but it felt like so much longer.My first week of 2008 was gonna be alright but maybe La Virgen was telling me to chill on a lot of the rich, high calorie eating I had been doing last year. OK ok, maybe I'm being a bit melodramatic and just need to watch my diet since this chica is getting a little long in the tooth. Anyway, great portions and a good value but the parking can be a pain at busy times. Go at odd times and with an empty panza!
<review# 2368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2008,1/23/2008,43,141,6,8,8>Last week I found myself unimpressed at the North Face Outlet in Berkeley and not looking forward to REI when in search of some new snowboarding gear for a trip to Colorado. So I called my friend Jams who is a huge fan of the Sports Basement to see if he thought it was worth the trip to SF or Walnut Creek. Here's how the conversation went:Jams: "They have some great deals, totally check it out, I go there for everything."Me: "Hmmmm, I'm not sure. I'm really busy this week, you know how I hate shopping, and I'm already here..."Jams: "Bon(tastic), you'll get the 15% friends and family discount because your brother used to live with the Sports Basement owner's brother in college."Me: "Which one is closer?"I ended up in Walnut Creek because I was slumming it on the other side of the Caldecott just a few days later. I immediately found the snowboarding jacket that I was looking for marked down to $150.00. It gets even better, I was also in need of new running gear. I approached the distinguished (older) gentleman in the ladies fitness area for some assistance in choosing the right kind of running pants. I told him that I wanted some fitted capris that would be good for the cold weather. His response? "You mean knickers?" Too cute. He was able to help me find exactly what I was looking for.So a few pairs of socks, some more running gear and I was able to tell the cashier-I would like the family and friends discount please. Then I said the magic name (that won't be revealed in this review). Always love a good deal.I get home-realize that I grabbed the wrong size jacket. I called the store and asked if they could hold the correct size and he said no problem and it was waiting for me the following evening.And that's not the end of the story-after a friend of a friend's husband recently suffered a severe concussion after a boarding accident, my anxiety kicked in and yep-I was again at the Sports Basement buying a helmet.I love that this place is down to earth, the employees make all of the signs in the store out of cardboard boxes, they seem to have some type of active interest so you have a question about a certain sport, it's likely you're going to find someone who actually participates in the activity. Lastly-they host free seminars, speakers, and activities like the Monday night group twilight run for all levels.
<review# 2369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2008,1/22/2008,1070,429,32,20,36>I made the mistake of telling my coworkers on Friday that I had a date this past weekend. I got all sorts of unsolicited advice - what a "lady" should or shouldn't do, if he should pay, or if I should "try to squeeze Chez Panisse out of him." Right.As one of the older ones remarked, "Forgive us, we're all old and boring and married. We need to live vicariously through you."Right.I plan on telling them some elaborate faux-fairy tale about how I was picked up in a private helicopter and whisked away to the French Laundry, before my date pointed out a star in the sky he had purchased to commemorate the occasion.What they won't know is that I actually had a pretty good time at the Alley getting drinks. Dirty, dingy, not romantic at all - perfect! We swooned as drunk old people crooned old standards - the only song I recognized was "Me and Bobby McGee." I tried a potent concoction of Rumplemintz, Goldschlager, and Vodka (that was a bit too sweet but still did the job). The date had a Manhattan and a Crown Royale on ice. We be WAY classy. And perhaps best of all, when it was my turn to buy a round and I realized I was low on cash (they don't take cards), the female bartender replied, "Honey, it doesn't matter. You're a good person. Whatever you want, I'll make it for you."There were no gondola rides or fireworks spelling out my name. But I had some strong drinks with good company in a pretty chill dive bar - can't ask for better for this girl.
<review# 2370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2007,1/21/2008,184,189,12,8,14>I will never be able to look at Jupiter without my vision being colored by the many memories of the verdant courtyard it is located within.  I will enumerate them here:1.) My dear friend Lisa C. from Berkeley High giving me a backrub after lunch as we sat in the courtyard. Back then in the late 70's, there was some kind of cheese shop there where we could buy sandwiches (NOT paninis---they were probably thick cuts of whole wheat bread piled high with cheese and sprouts). "Back rub" doesn't even describe what Lisa did for me; she gently sang a song and told a story while stroking my skin. Probably an important stop on my path to bisexuality. Oh, yes, and Vivoli's was one of the first gelato joints in the area, run by a group of lesbians out of that same courtyard.2.) As a single gal in the early 90's, I went to a horrid East Bay Express singles event at the Jupiter. Such a bad idea for a shy (yet hip) person like me. I wallflowered, until some rich older guy tried to pick me up---which may have been golden for some other women, but just made me sad. I left, highly unimpressed.3.) Early in this millenium (say, Year 2000), I was supposed to meet this guy I met at the Solano Stroll for a first date. He was funny and charming with dark curly hair and glasses. Unfortunately, he waited at the Jupiter Brewery, while I mistakenly sat at the Pyramid Brewery. Fortunately, he had a cell phone and we got together later, and now we've been married three years this summer. Yeah, Jupiter!4.) Last night--ooh! Christopher S. put together an East Bay edition of DYL, and hubby and I talked about cows heads and cannabilism with Tina Tamale, and Nadja demanded a lap dance from this badcatholic girl (another reminder of just how bisexual I am--sure felt GOOD). Heffenweisen and pizza and ice tea and scallops and warm weather--oh my, it's another booming memory for this courtyard.
<review# 2371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2007,1/20/2008,275,119,12,14,17>Gregoire, Gregoire, oh may I come by ce soir?And devour pork shoulder or beef short ribs galore...Fingerling potatoes with melted gruyere, shallots, and more -Deep red juice from the grapes of pinot noir,And apple green tea that I really... adore? Ah well, this casual sit-down, take-out restaurant is a wonderful little place to find a monthly-changing menu with vegetarian, seafood, poultry and other meaty dishes. It is a good thing for me that they close at 9 pm and I seldom return to Berkeley where I call home now before that hour. Otherwise, I would not be able to save any money to adopt a dog some day in the near future! I am looking forward to having a pup, but thank you Gregoire for elongating that process on a weekly basis! It is so well-spent and memorably, tastefully, viscerally enjoyed!
<review# 2372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2007,1/19/2008,94,108,6,6,12>Is it just me, or do all the attractive people in Berkeley hang out here?I could barely concentrate on my shopping.Every five seconds I was like Damn! Damn!Oh what's this? Aloe Vera juice?Damn! (no not aloud, I sorta mouthed it)OK, yeah I'm exaggerating a bit, but I do have a point.I wouldn't step foot in here during the day, it's a madhouse of ravenous Berkeleyite's. Even if you go around 930pm, still busy, yet tolerable. I'm an advocate of healthy living, but I hate to be fanatic about ANYTHING. I aim to live life in complete balance and harmony, you know, everything in moderation. Yes, I have my vices...wine, caffeine. I indulge in sweets, and no matter how hard I try, I cannot completely shun meat. Don't really care for water...hate to exercise. My little sister on the other hand is like my polar opposite. She used to follow a brutal strict vegan and sugar free diet. So since she could only consume about five things, it made searching for an agreeable restaurant a nightmare at times. However, sis had the most enviable complexion! Me? I battle adult acne. Essentially, you are what you eat and just seeing all those pretty, glowing people at Whole Foods makes me want to up the ante on my lifestyle. Honorable mention for the lovely olive, soup and salad bars. Also for carrying La Crema, I'll drink to that, Salud!
<review# 2373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2007,1/17/2008,371,281,26,19,23>When you're alone and life is making you lonelyYou can always go - downtown...AlamedaWhen you've got worries, all the noise and the hurrySeems to help, I know - downtown...AlamedaYesterday, while lamenting about all the sorrows in my life my dear friend .Rachel G. bullied me out of my apartment with brass knuckles, promises of a warm car ride, and free drinks courtesy of one Mr. Peter "Spelling ain't my middle name" Mmmmm.I was thrown out of my pajamas, yelled into doing my makeup, tossed into a Lexus and driven to Alameda with declarations of "This will be great." and "You're going to love this!" and "Shut the fuck up and stop complaining, will you?"Well, that Petula Clark sure knows her business. It seems she knew before I did that listening to your happiest, drunkest, and most soulful friends belt out the lyrics to such ballads as Gin and Juice, Pour Some Sugar on Me, and I'm all Right, is perhaps the most efficient cure to depression. I had the blues before I stepped foot into Pop Inn, but the toothless drink maven, a superfly KJ who declares his love for his job after every song, and decrepit Raiders paraphernalia was enough to lift my spirits to a solid 8 1/2.It seems downtown Alameda, a dive bar featuring cougars with sequin baseball hats, and a gaggle of metrosexual men from the city are my miracle cure-all.
<review# 2374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2007,1/16/2008,157,103,14,14,19>I love this place!  Thanks Chuck for a wonderful tour and for the great wine tasting from Battalion and Broadbent wines.  I love sparkling and/or port with my chocolate and talking to the winemaker and export manager was a great bonus!It was fun coming here as a Yelp event but it was even better coming here when it was less crowded this past winter.  I used to drop by here after the DYK hikes (when they ended at reasonable times) and buy a box of chocolates for my hubby who was working on his dissertation.  Chuck was generous with his samples and talked about his passion for chocolate. The Mojito and the tea infused chocolates are my favorite and while it was a shame that it was not being sampled I highly encourage people to come back to try them.  You will not be dissapointed.PS:  Bella called Chuck "Willie Wonka" behind his back while he was giving the tour.
<review# 2375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2007,1/15/2008,92,43,7,11,10>Got a fabulous cut from Brian Blakely today.  Walked in with a completely failed attempt at dreadlocks, essentially a big ratty mess, and walked out with a stylish new 'do.  When I walked in with my dready, ratty mess, I told Brian to just hack it all off and give me a short boy cut.  He was amenable but worked slowly and methodically, showing me several different options and lengths.  I was all about the shortness but I appreciated him not just diving right in and hacking away (as I had instructed).  Hottie Brian has crazy skills, seems to be having just the best time EVER making you look beautiful, and makes sure you are comfortable and happy and feeling great about the progress of your haircut throughout.  The salon is a really nice place to be and parking was easy.  It was all around a fabulous experience and one I look forward to repeating.UPDATE 2/14/08:For the Brian Blakely Fans - Brian has moved to Stephan Saiz Salon in downtown San Francisco in Union Square.  The adress is 560 Sutter St on the 2nd Floor. The phone number is 415-398-2345, and the web site is stephansaizsalon.com.  The space is across the street from Hang Gallery.UPDATE 6/25/08:Brian Blakely is no longer at the Stephan Saiz Salon.
<review# 2376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2008,1/14/2008,307,317,24,20,20>If you are a typical male, you might be thinking, "Uh yeah, great, a WINE BAR.  I don't think so. That's for chicks.  Bring me a Bud."  But remember my friend, there is that little area in your brain, right next to the one that craves threesomes, which causes you to be drawn to large shiny electronic gadgets with digital readouts.   And this one DISPENSES BOOZE.  There are two of these large shiny electronic gadgets in here: one for the whites, and the other for the reds.  You can see the bottles through a glass display for each of the wines.  You purchase a Vine Card with as much or as little value as you desire.  You insert the card in to the top of the machine, put your glass under the relevant spout,  press the button for the wine you want, and PRESTO! Watch your glass fill with the nectar of the Gods.  You can have a small taste or a full glass, depending on the button you push.  You get the idea.  Aside from the shear cool novelty of a Wine Machine (!), it is great to be able to just get up, and get yourself another glass of wine, without flagging down a waitress.  Not all their wines are in the machines, however.  A lot are behind the bar, and there are servers roaming around who will fetch those for you if you are interested.  The interior of this place is really elegant and beautiful.   Wow.  Soft leather bench seating and those little leather footstool thingies.  High tables, plenty of bar seating.  It would have to get VERY crowded before you couldn't find a seat.  My days of being crammed into a narrow bar begging for attention from both the bartender and the hot chick two sweaty bodies over are way way behind me.   This is just a nice open, cheerful bar that specializes in wine, in a big way.   It is not the kind of place where you are going to find a lot of old drunks sitting around telling stories of their days in 'nam and pinching the waitress' ass.  Christopher, the owner, was greeting people last night and showing them how to use the wine machine.  Very nice guy who deserves a sloppy wet kiss for bringing a place like this to Lake Shore. All in all a GREAT new addition to the area.   Despite the wine machine, many of you fans of the traditional dive bar are going to hate this place.  That's ok.  It's not for you. Don't hate. Just go to Merchant's Saloon, drink your Bud and vomit in the trough.  You'll find ME at the Vine.
<review# 2377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2007,1/13/2008,108,1734,9,11,11>This used to be our "regular" Chinese restaurant, both eat in and takeout.  The owner, Florence, is an amazing woman who remembered our names, even if we hadn't been there for a couple of months.  A few years ago she had an illness in the family which required her to go to Canada for extended visits.  We noticed in her absence the food wasn't as good and so we stopped going as often.  It seemed every time we returned she wasn't there and eventually we started going elsewhere.  We had dinner there several months ago and it was good.  Today we decided to have lunch there.  Florence was there, and called us by name, after not seeing us for years.  It was astonishing, and touching.  Yummy has always had the best pot stickers and dry fried string beans.  We ordered them and they were superb.  We also had the Jade Seafood Combination, a mixture of shrimp, scallops and calamari in a light, subtle sauce surrounded by a garland of lightly steamed broccoli.  The seafood was sweet, fresh and tender.  We told Florence our experience that when she wasn't there the food wasn't as good.  She told us her mother was now cooking, along w/ other people.  We're looking forward to returning to reacquaint ourselves w/ some of our other favorite dishes.  We won't abandon Chef's, but we will definitely divide our time.
<review# 2378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2007,1/12/2008,113,79,13,7,12>3rd Stop on Trial Run BART Crawl: West Oakland Station / Esther's Breakfast Bar & Cocktail LoungeSome experiences in life leave you feeling like a more traveled human being.  They can't all be visits to Paris, London or Budapest.  Sometimes they have to be bars DEEP in the heart of West Oakland.  Sometimes those experiences have to go down at Esther's...I'm rating this stop in reverse order, since the good parts far outweigh the bad and the ugly.The Ugly: Honestly it's a bit too bright in this place.  Especially when you are a group of 20-30 yr old white folks...  A little more candlelit ambiance would have gone a long way towards making me feel a bit less gawked at.  The Bad: The only other thing I had to complain about was the fact that the breakfast bar was closed for business.  They should leave the smell of eggs, hashbrowns and chicken wings floating all night long.The Good: The bartender was amazing. She was all over the place, pouring drinks, putting money in the jukebox, talking to people both on the bar phone, her cell phone and at the bar - all at the same time.   The rest of the clientele were absolutely cool, too.  You know it's a good time when your group of 8 breaks up and begins mixing with the locals... And one of our group even got their grind on in this brightly-lit den of booze and breakfast.The Utterly Astonishing: Two highlights of my entire week happened at Esther's.  1) Seeing the bartender pour an ENTIRE BOTTLE of Absolut vodka into a flower vase and serve it WITHOUT MIXER to an elderly-looking booooozed-out gentleman at the bar.  2) Seeing the same bartender/boooooozed-out gentleman combo step out in the middle of the bar and perform a screamsing (is screamsinging known as "scringing"?) rendition of some amazing R&B duet I had never heard before.  I mean,  it was like watching a music video filmed in Outer Mongolia using local talent.  On betamax.Of all the bars on the BART Crawl, I gaurantee this one to be the never-miss, must-stop place of the evening.
<review# 2379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2007,1/11/2008,42,72,26,9,24>Five sexy stars... just for the sexy experience of walking through the sexy door and hearing the sexy salesgirl murmur in sexy French to the sexy gentleman buying sexy lingerie for his sexy lover. Then the sexy sounds of sexy laughter, sexy credit card being rung up, sexy tissue paper being folded, sexy items being placed in sexy shopping bag, and sexy goodbyes being exchanged.Et naturellement, leur lingerie est sexy aussi.
<review# 2380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2007,1/9/2008,196,615,13,11,21>Sherman, set the way back machine for....a ways back.We join our hero (yours truly) in the midst of one of the most stressful times in his life.  For the past six months, I had been working full time as a lawyer in Minneapolis, and secretly studying to take the CA bar exam.  My entire life was spent either at the office or at home, studying.  Then, near the end of one fateful February, I told my coworkers a lie about a wedding, and travelled out to The Bay Area to take The Bar Exam at The Oakland Convention Center (I Love Capital Letters).Imagine a herd of fully-sentient cows milling about outside a slaughterhouse (attention vegans and PETA members: I don't want to hear it).  The most optimistic thought running through anyone's head was "I hope it will be over quickly."  I was standing in line with people who had failed 2, 3, or 5 times in the past.  Yikes!  CA is the hardest bar exam to pass in the entire nation, and (unlike many of these people) I hadn't taken a class or dedicated 8 hours a day to studying.During the 2-day exam (lawyers don't have to take the day 3 questions if they don't want to, long story), I sat next to a man who had been a lawyer in Nigeria for 10 years.  But had previously failed the bar exam and was working as security guard.  We had many interesting conversations.  I suspect he failed again (long story).Every day at noon, and every day after the exam, I stumbled a few blocks to Pacific Coast Brewing Co, my mind leaking out of my ears like a semi-viscous mucus of lost knowledge, and sat at the bar.  And for those two noons, and two long nights, the bar tenders ministered to me as though I was the helpless legal kitten I really was.  They poured me many beers, many scotches, many bourbons, and charged me for some beers, some scotches, and a few bourbons.  They talked to me about things that had nothing to do with the law, in order to take my mind off of what was happening.  When I surrendered at night, they called a cab to take me back to my hotel.All's well that ends well, and as it happened, I was one of the lucky few to pass, in an exam where a record-low number of attorneys passed the exam.  I will always wonder what happened to the friendly Nigerian barrister that I talked to during the exam, and will hope that he eventually passed.  And every so often, I will make the sojurn across the bay to sit at Pacific Coast Brewing, and remember that friendly bartenders and ample booze can make almost any situation bearable.
<review# 2381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2007,1/8/2008,144,259,10,13,14>I don't like going to bars alone and feeling like a barfly (anymore), so on my first visit, I made it a Yelp event and the turnout was great! Some of my co-workers came too which made it even better. When I first walked in, the first thing I noticed was how tiny it was. Maximum capacity is only 46 people so it can get pretty cramped in there because a lot of people are standing. There are a couple of small tables and the bar area, but those spots are snatched up quickly. . I was lucky enough to get a seat right at the bar where of the owners promptly asked for my I.D. Seeing as the other patrons were in their early '50's, I guess it would be only fair to ask. But Chuck, one of the co-owners kept an eye on me as if I was trying to pull a McLovin. The owners have decorated this spot beautifully; brick walls and new polished wood adds to the homey feel. It fits right in with the rest of Old Oakland. I especially liked the glass-cleaning contraption imported from Amsterdam. The drunker I became, the more fixated I became on this machine that washed a glass with a douse of hot water. Very cool.So far they don't have an official Happy Hour yet, but there was a special on one bottled beer written on a chalk board when I went though. I'll give them some time; they're still new after all. Whatever they have on tap is written on a chalk board right above the open space near the tables with their alcohol content and price; which was good because I couldn't pronounce anything. Then there's this orange, soft leather book, yes book, of what they offer in bottles. Please don't ask for food because they don't have any. They only offer cheese to compliment the beers. Let them stick to serving beer and being good at that, k? I got pretty drunk there (that Belgian beer hit me harder later) and told Aaron, the other co-owner, he was a hottie much to his embarrassment I think. This place has become my new spot for after work hours drinks. Who knows, my drunken compliments can only get me kicked out or a free beer; hopefully the latter.
<review# 2382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2007,1/7/2008,296,35,9,13,23>I liked it so much that I bought it.Really. Just closed the deal with my new partner Tobias. We don't plan on changing much as McNally's is an institution that has been around since 1933. It holds the distinction of being the oldest existing licenced bar in all of Alameda County. Stop by to say hello and have a pint, Tobias or I will most likely be at the bar.
<review# 2383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2007,1/6/2008,333,39,17,19,19>The owner of Los Cantaros is living the proverbial American dream. His original taqueria was located at 40th and West Street, in a fairly, shall we say, unsavory part of West Oakland.  Every time i visited he would be there, working long hours trying to succeed, yet having to constantly contend with literal crack-hos screaming in front of his restaurant, or people trying to steal his chained-to-the-counter tip can. He was friendly and honest, but his pleasant demeanor was always betrayed by an expression of worry.After a few years the man was able to save up enough money to make the well advised move to lower Grand Avenue, and his business has flourished ever since. He can now occasionally be seen there sipping a margarita or daiquiri with an easy grin on his face, or enjoying a leisurely lunch at the bar or a side table. And you should too. Here's why:- Quality and quantity to rival anywhere in the Mission (although they don't put a half an avocado on their burritos like they do at El Farolito. They also don't have a line of drunks stretching halfway down the block)- Your choice of flour, spinach, tomato, or whole wheat tortillas- A wide ranging menu, including fish,  prawn, and several types of vegetarian burritos- Great horchata- Some of the best Chicken Chile Verde around- Miniature toilette along side the regular one in the men's bathroom (It's not, as I first thought, a bidet, but a straight up, child-sized toilette)One star off for their questionable red hot-sauce. (Luckily they've added an orange hot-sauce to their repertoire that is much, MUCH better.)And remember, you heard it here sixty-fifth!
<review# 2384,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/15/2007,1/5/2008,35,95,34,11,11>I can't say I've experienced much nightlife in tha Dub Crizzle but I can safely say this is a gem of a place to go to when you don't give a fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck. Bonus: the bartender was AMAZED that I had heard of Massive Attack which he himself had apparently discovered on the Interwebs. One can observe the following species in their natural habitats:-- *douchebagious minitruckeous caucasious*: who sport low baseball hats, silver stunna chains, giiiiant white tee shirts and constantly go outside to smoke blunts.-- *fakeous louisvuittonbagoeous sluttorious*: the female counterpart to douchebagious minitruckeous, who get did up in heels, tube tops and HELLA perfume to go to a sports bar in Walnut Creek. When in heat, the female sports blonde stripes in her dark hair.  These animals travel only in large groups of other fakeousi making it impossible to distinguish one from another. --*oldmanicus perverticus*: will also make an appearance, huddling at the bar, solo, clutching a bottle of High Life and appearing enraged when the jukebox changes to another grade 'D' hip-hop song.I actually don't even know if this was the bar I went to. If not, my apologies, but I'm pretty sure it's close enough. Cheers!!!
<review# 2385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2007,1/3/2008,146,319,6,8,14>Not a moment too soon.Not a bad use of an odd space.  Love the murals reflecting the great views from the 'hood. The long aisles are wide enough to navigate end-to-end, and I'm sure I'll develop a proper ritual for accessing the right shelves.  I also like the one-line-to-rule-them-all system.  Why force people to gamble on line selection ("Oh no! It's the price check and checkbook woman!") and push those lines out into shopping space when you KNOW someone is going to insist on cruising back and forth through the Waiting Zone with their cart ("Excuse me!  Excuse me!  Excuuuuse me! *Eats baby carrot from bag* Watch your feet! Excuse me!").  Instead, create one big zig-zagging queue and service it with 9 or 10 checkstands.  Works for Fry's.  Yeah, there is more traffic, parking issues, strangers coming to "our" neighborhood to shop, freeway ramp backups, and probably more trouble with the poorly timed lights at Lake Park, but I prefer life-giving, progressive chaos to hopeless quiet any day. We need more of everything in this 'hood. I wish the place would stay open until 1am to keep foot and car traffic on the often too-quiet, too-unsafe streets.Plus it's a lot cheaper than the overpriced, understocked Safeway "lifestyle store" on Grand. The Farmers' Market, Whole Foods, and TJs now put all of my food needs AND food wants within walking distance. Eh, those Adams Point houses seem just a little less overpriced now.
<review# 2386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2007,1/2/2008,510,406,15,17,16>**Update Deceber 2, 2007**We got take-out this time.  It sat in the train with me for an hour and it was still good when I got home!  I wish I had realized that rice wouldn't come with dinner so I would have ordered some.  Also, if you like the place, grab a menu on your way out because it's not online.  I would have saved so much time if I'd had a menu so I could call my order in!**Original November 3, 2007**This place is great, and it's totally cheap.  I ordered the vegetable chow mein and the waitress even made it vegetarian for me.  That's awesome because I love chow mein and I can never get it because it always has beef broth in it (ew!).  The egg flower soup and the little salad that came with it were both excellent.  Apparently the soup changes daily...so don't kill me if you go there and don't get egg flower soup!We also ordered the spring rolls...which were definitely cinnamony as mentioned previously, but I liked the cinnamon.  My husband ordered the eggplant which was delightful.  ...and then, after we were done eating I noticed all the vegetarian chicken!  I must go back for the vegetarian chicken!  Smell the veggie chicken.  Nibble the veggie chicken.  Love the veggie chicken.  Be the veggie chicken!Plus...they have really pretty wall art.
<review# 2387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2007,1/1/2008,726,863,16,15,10>"Put your hands up. Put your hands up. Put your hands up for Detroit! I love this city." -Fedde LeGrandeNot really. BUT thank GOD Detroit is the #1 most dangerous city and Oakland is only #4!* Seriously though, I thought the lake was the safer part of Oakland. Then there was an armed robbery pretty much across the street from my house last week...some 4 hours before I got home at 1 am from rehearsal. Now, I know I took a big risk moving to an urban area with a bad rap. I also know that I cannot worry about what's going to happen all the time and that bad things can happen anywhere. However, that incident opened my eyes and I decided that my roommate and I needed pepper spray. Someone at work directed me to this place.There were like 4 different kinds of pepper spray here. And the guy behind the counter was totally awesome and defensive of women..."Now you want this one (crazy bright yellow can of tear gas) because you want men to know that they can't mess with you." "A man has NO BUSINESS touching a woman." "You want this one because you want them to know that you mean business." Awesome. There's also a bunch of other things about this place that you just have to love. They are so legit that their website posts their closing hours as 1730. (That's 5:30 pm to the not military-saavy). I actually spent ten minutes convincing myself that I did not need to buy myself a German medic bag. Only in Berkeley could a store advertise gear for Burning Man on its webpage...or "Urban Camo" for that matter.And the owner is a Warriors fan. He was so sweet. He sees me, a young woman, walking into his store while he was listening to the Warriors pregame segment on KNBR and he then turns it down. Kristen S. "It's cool. You can turn it back on. I'm actually going to the Warriors game tonight."Owner: "You're so lucky."Awesome. I might just have to go back to buy that damn German medic bag. Or Red Baron aviator goggles...Oakland's new slogan: Oakland; at least we're not Detroit!***Kristen S. cannot wait to move out of CA so that she can tell people in the other state that she used to live in Oakland and have everyone automatically assume that she is a total bad-ass.** Kristen S.'s favorite bartender is from Detroit.
<review# 2388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2007,12/31/2007,38,32,9,11,14>Two slices 3 hours ago and I'm just *now* able to see the keyboard over my stomach.  So, you've read it all, the deep dish, the goodness, the haikus of love, but I saw another side of Zachary's tonight.  Our pizza was late in arriving, not the normal long wait, but a something-is-wrong late, and the server came over, apologized in a very sincere, very genuine manner, (there was some mix-up apparently) and said, I know I cannot buy back your time, but we'd like to do something--can we buy your drinks for you? (of which there were, ahem, a few.)Amazing.  I've always known this place was great: tasty food, fine service, but this just took the cake.  Or the pizza pie.
<review# 2389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2007,12/30/2007,318,278,13,10,9>Ok , I know this place is out in Lafayette but if your in need of furniture and Craigslist is letting you down please check out their website.The website is wonderful and they do a good job keeping it updated.Now I mentioned Craigslist because lots of people go to it and have great results with couches for two hundred dollars and up to a few  hundred more for the better stuff.I think if this is your price range you can also find good deals at Chameleon as well. It's a nice website to check out from time to time, keep it in your favorites list especially if you are in need of that special something. Last time I was there Johhny Depp was lounging on a chaise calling my name.......oh mon dieu ... the sex was amazing, however they made us buy the chaise.They're family owned, two generations and everyone works at the store at some point during the week. Good people....And your not running all over town to visit stuff... "Hi I'm Katherine and I'm here to visit your desk and the mid back support chair that swivels and rocks," while they're eating dinner with two toddlers screaming in the background,... however it's not that  big a deal considering  they're cat just shredded your new jeans and is currently peeing on your shoes. chameleonconsignment.com
<review# 2390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2007,12/29/2007,263,388,4,10,8>Wow.  Easy driving directions, easy parking, very convenient for public transportation and just a gorgeous facility.  The docent tour for the Cowell Hall of California History was smooth, entertaining, intriguing and extremely insightful.I experienced this wonderful space for the first time, as I chaperoned my niece's 4th grade class on a relatively quiet weekday.  They'd been studying California History, so the Gold Rush displays brought much of their textbook photos and stories to life - it was refreshing to see 4th grade students so fascinated and eager to enhance their knowledge.  *The adult chaperones learned a few new things, too! (Did you know... A.P. Giannini founded the Bank of Italy in SF in October 1904 as an institution for the "little fellows" (the hardworking immigrants other banks would not serve).  He expanded his Bank of Italy across CA, then across the nation - Bank of America)! There were a number of other school tours at the museum.  But, the facility is so well laid out that it never felt overwhelming or crowded.  Huge, open interior and exterior expanses.I was so impressed with the grounds, and the collections.  I'm sincerely hopeful in visiting again, very soon, via public transportation (one block from the Lake Merritt Bart Station!).  It's also comforting to know that if I decide to drive, I can conveniently park in the underground garage (one of the cleanest garages I've ever seen AND easily marked entrances into the museum).We finished our docent tour early and spent the remaining hour exploring the Natural Sciences exhibit floor.  Absolutely incredible exhibits, but having been somewhat obsessed with Osteology for over a decade, I have to agree with my niece's observation: "They hardly had any skeletons or bones.  That's weird."I was fascinated to read more about the architecture and the design concepts incorporated into the building, on their website.  But, you really have to experience it to truly appreciate the space.  This museum is truly a wonderful community space in downtown Oakland.Some general info:- Closed Mondays & Tuesdays;- Wednesdays through Saturdays 10a - 5p / Sundays 12p - 5p;- Admission: $8 Adults, $5 Seniors 65+ and Students, Free for children 6 and under;  Checkout their website for group rates (non-profits and schools) *Oakland school groups are free;- First Friday of each month open until 9p;- Wells Fargo Free Second Sundays!- Membership rates vary: museumca.org/member/inde…- restaurant, ATM and fun, small gift store.*Cool building and design info. here: museumca.org/about/build…They also have great online resources - seriously. check out their curriculum resources for teachers (not to mention their virtual exhibitions, collection slide shows and podcasts!): museumca.org/global/reso…*Thank you Mrs. Roxanne Shapiro for making learning so fun for your students and exposing them to all the wonderful educational resources in the bay area!Photos posted.
<review# 2391,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/15/2007,12/27/2007,341,1031,26,13,13>This is some of the best white clothes destroying BBQ you will ever put in your mouth.  The food is 5 star, but their hours are hit or miss, so the lack of reliability pulls them down to 3 stars.  You have to just drive past occasionally, and if they're open pull the car over.You heard me, pull the car over.  I don't care if you just picked up Thai food or went to Berkeley Bowl.  PULL THE CAR OVER. Thanks.  Now go in..... Order.  Do not have a pre-conceived idea of what you're going to get.  Ask what's good today.  Order it. Try not to get involved in any discussions of "Twinkie" and whether he should be bailed out, or if he really did it - this time.Go home, put down a layer of newspaper if you have any light carpet you need to protect.  Put on dark clothes, or just go naked if you dare.Then eat the luscious, meaty goodness. mmmmmmmm.  Do I see sauce running down your chin??? You like it don't you?  I told you to pull the car over.  It was worth it hunh?  You're welcome!
<review# 2392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2007,12/26/2007,319,70,5,23,15>My ex-gf's Honda had a busted radiator and every place told her she'd need to spend $450-600 for a whole new one.  She got a used one from Art, after being explained the options, for just under $300.  They also saw her immediately, despite being busy, and got her car fixed in under 24 hours. They were friendly and helpful the whole time.She went in apprehensive and miserable, and came back smiling;  that's what counts.
<review# 2393,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/22/2007,12/25/2007,70,149,10,8,12>5 stars for enabling the reverse commute, and therefore enabling me to live in this beautiful amazing city and work in the inner 'burbs-1 star for 20 minute headways after the peak hour-1 star for the disgusting "bart stench" that I've sadly become used to-1 star for not having a smart card, and instead having those crappy cards that get demagnetized so easily-1 star for BART and the region as a whole not even considering transit as a tool to curb drunk driving (closing the BART at midnight and the bars at 2 -- huge disconnect here!)+1 star for making me driving free for the past 4 months! +1 star for preserving polar bear climates one BART ride at a time.
<review# 2394,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/17/2007,12/23/2007,137,641,7,5,5>[cue valley girl voice]Oh ma gawwwd, I love shoes...[back to gruff Rocco voice]Actually my friggin shoes are falling apart, and smell like death, so it's time for a new pair.Very standard, DSW-like place.  No clearance rack, and nothing much in Men's shoes under $50.  Oh well, I guess $50 isn't too much for an article of clothing that I wear nearly every day.
<review# 2395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2007,12/21/2007,48,195,6,17,13>First, a note to my pals Smoky Bacon, Buttery Grits, and Cheap Coffee: I'll be back soon, I promise.I usually avoid expensive breakfast, generally opting for the classic bacon-and-eggs joints with butter applied to toast with a paintbrush. But sometimes I want a really nice brunch. Alameda, breakfast epicenter of the Bay Area, now has at least two really great brunch spots on top of all of the great greasy-spoon spots (like Ole's and Jim's): C'era Una Volta and Pappo, just a block apart. Both of these are generally amazingly uncrowded even when Ole's has a 30 minute line on Sunday mornings - I think people have yet to realize that Alameda can do gourmet.Brunch starts off with a delicious plate of fresh pastries - we had two types of mini scones and some slices of great banana bread. The menu is limited but I wanted everything on it; there are four or five breakfast options and about the same number of lunch options.  Try the eggs any way (sounds plain, but is just delicious): I had eggs over easy with Merguez sausage, avocado, queso fresco, and microgreens with some of the best hash browns you'll find - kind of shoestring hash browns. All of this was cooked to perfection. The soft-boiled eggs nestled into cheesy-creamy spinach on toasted rye bread was also a big winner, and the eggs were done perfectly with bright liquid yolks. The years the chef spent at BayWolf are apparent in the quality of the ingredients and the care in preparation.The space is beautiful (love the skylights), the wait staff was friendly and attentive, and the place just smells delicious. This is based on only one visit (one really nice visit), so I'll have to go back for more (yum, sign me up), and I'd love to try dinner too from the look of their menu. Only open for Brunch on Sunday.
<review# 2396,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/9/2007,12/20/2007,423,725,20,13,16>Bromance level?  High.  Where else can you bond with other guys but a bowling alley?  Or pay a particularly poignant bromage to another man's ball speed?  Nowhere but the alley.  Not Rod Dibble's Alley, although you can sing a bromage there if you're REALLY smitten with your bro. :-)Thug factor: high.  On a Saturday night at least.Baby thug factor: possibly high.  An 8 year old kid sporting a gold $ chain and Run-DMC glasses?  Ok, I can let this one slide - maybe he's just an impossibly cool little kid who has respect for the old skool.Secondhand chronic smoke?  Check.  Apparently, while Albany is famous for netting drunk drivers, lettin' a thug smoke is AOK.  Fine by me, I just want consistency here y'all.Nasty balls?  check.  I wanted to get mine polished on the ol' polisher, but polished nasty balls are still . . . nasty balls.  Still, they glide down the lane soooo much nicer that way. :-DGreat company?  CHECK!  Saved from a 2-star.  Lise's birthday bash was in effect, and it was great to see Steven, Lise, Douglas, Gracie, etc.  I found out I had excellent ball speed.  Who knew?  If you can't have accuracy, at least throw the damn thing down the lane with gusto! ;-)  I still need to bowl over 100 some time in my life.  Gracie just can't stop dancing wherever she is.  The Crixa birthday cake was great, I'm just not a super citrus-and-chocolate guy.  I'll take my chocolate straight.Dancing to a strike?  Check.  Got to see and participate in a few of those - I even got to dance to a little MJ.Crazy bowling shirts?  Check.  Douglas and I had on loud shirts that could only have worked at a tiki bar or backyard BBQ.Punks throwing balls down the lane like they couldn't give a damn?  check.Super-kitschy signage?  check.  I wanted to rip off some of the cocktail lounge and food signs and take them home.  Very '50s diner style.  Reminded me of the places I used to go for pizza and arcade games when I was a kid.I'm kinda hooked on bowling now, I just need to find a nicer venue.  Or come during the week.  Damn, I forgot to order a White Russian, even though I went home with one.  The Dude abides. ;-)
<review# 2397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2007,12/19/2007,456,631,17,15,19>Retail stores with flashing lights, 100 tv's blaring a war waged bt Animal Planet and music videos, stereos on stations that could wake the dead and teeny boppers (did I just say teeny boppers?) playing video games for hours make my skin crawl.But this Best Buy actually is a pretty smoothly run operation. Sure, sure, it has it's moments and you wouldn't catch me anywhere near it in the holiday season, but the sales people were always helpful, and you can't beat some of their deals the times I've been in there.Electronics retail is a hard sell. It's a tough job. Everyone wants the coolest gadget, the newest tool or the latest version of your Apple-I-do-it-all-and-even-do the-dishes-piece-of-equipment. But very few really want to take the time to learn about their options, how the thing actually works or understand that yes, it does take a wee bit of time to read your manual, but in the end you will be much better off and make the lives of your customer service reps much more enjoyable.Service anywhere is a crap shoot. You go in on an off day and you're going to hate the place. You walk in and get great service, you're going to dote on the business. But at the end of the day, it still sells the same things, and you pretty much get the same russian roulette at any other outlet. This Best Buy has one golden ticket though, that no other store has: Joe B. Call me biased, but if you've seen this man in action, you'd understand how lucky this store really is, as well as it's customers.Joe is the Apple Guy. He's the Mac Daddy. He can't really be blamed for the Best Buy boo boo's or belittling, but he will do anything in his power to make your experience a worthy one if you want to pay homage (and out of pocket) to the man that is Steve Jobs.This man answers his phone on holidays. Weekends. Days off. During his lunch hour. In line at the grocery store or on the couch next to ME. His dedication to customer service is to be commended.  Not only is he attentive to customers, he goes out of his way to inform and help them. And nothing can detract from his attention--not even me wandering in off the street with the lure of a kiss and a latte. Oh no, the laptops have me beat.Joe is honest, smart and genuine. While he can't sell you a TV or washer and dryer set, if you want anything from Apple, he's your man.Well, he's my man, but I'll let you borrow him for a bit.
<review# 2398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2007,12/18/2007,71,58,21,10,16>Hang out with me long enough and you'll know I'm the last one served.  I'm the one whose order is misplaced / forgotten.  They will run out of my first AND second choices.  If I ordered two cheeseburgers and curly fries, I'll open the bag to find a turkey baster and some wing nuts... Murphy's Law... A feeling of dread... I felt uneasy crossing the street.  My accursed penchant for trying new things has resulted in not a few tragedies.  I needed my coffee fix posthaste and before I even got in the door I could smell the floral aroma of myriad teas and see the soothing moss colored walls, immaculate tables and lounge chairs.  Needless to say, my manhood  insulted me before walking over the hardware store on Grand.At the counter, a small girl under a big sign... full of tea options... exotic tea names and tea pamphlets explaining various tea origins, tea qualities, and tea flavors.  The five-item coffee menu screams, "You came HERE for coffee?"  So I asked, "Um, what is your strongest tea?"  She looked quizzically and imparted which teas would be earthy or dark.  She continued to speak in tongues... I just nodded my head... until at long last I was presented with a pot of tea and a cup.  I found her taking the time to determine what I might enjoy perturbing.Then a young lady who eyed me looking for an outlet for my laptop offered to switch tables as her laptop had fully charged.  Now I knew there was a plot!  The only question now was when the hammer would drop... when would Murphy exact some irony?  I squirmed in my chair, suspiciously checking behind my back as the conspirators exchanged secret signals.After a stressful half hour of sitting in a comfortable chair listening to some smooth jazz with a quiet clientele sipping an earthy brew... I'd had enough... the whole place was designed to lull me into a false sense of security.  I packed up and stealthily slipped out the door, relieved by the notion that I'd probably just escaped whatever nefarious comeuppance these "tea" people had in store.  Someday... but not today...
<review# 2399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2007,12/17/2007,138,362,8,12,17>So precious, so cute.  One day, I will come in my pink skirt so that I can match the decor here.Prior to an Ad Hoc expedition, Arnold G. had the brilliant idea that we should stop by Teacake and have a dessert before the dessert at the end of the meal (it's so easy to like people who feel no need to exercise restraint when it comes to food).  I bought the Whoopie Pie which carries a whooooo price of $4.25.  However, it is rather large: two disks of puffy chocolate cake with a marshmallowy filling in the middle.  As Christel was saying, this is how a hostess cake would taste if it didn't have all the fake stuff.  Really a treat.I split the Orange Da Vinci with a friend on Arnold's recommendation (yes, this was bought at the same time I bought the Whoopie Pie...I only hang out with gluttons...the way it worked was we got one treat each, and then decided on another to share).  Wonderful melting chocolate chips with candied orange rind.  The candied orange rind really gives this cookie something extra and special.Based on yesterday's expedition, I should be giving Teacake 5 stars.  However, like so many cupcake places, the cupcakes can be inconsistent depending on how long the cupcakes were exposed to the air.  I've had a wonderful cupcake that filled my mouth with moist cake and the most melting frosting.  However, I've also had a cupcake where the cake was on the dry side.  I am not sure if this is just the nature of cupcakes and something that no cupcakery can combat.  Or maybe cupcakeries should advertise the exact time their cupcakes come out of the oven, cooled and frosted, and are at optimal eating goodness?  It's a little obsessive compulsive...but food is an obsessive compulsive habit.
<review# 2400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2007,12/16/2007,292,112,40,24,20>Big Sis: Wait, is that it?  You just passed it.Me: That little fruit stand on the side of the road?Big Sis: Well if you could read, you'd see that the sign says Dragon Village.  Are you sure about this place...?  Me: Katie, would you just trust me for once in my life? *eyes roll*  I told you before: Yelpers don't lie.  They are real people with real reviews.Big Sis: WATCH OUT - DON'T BACK UP OVER THAT KID!!!!!Me: If you would just SHUT UP and let me drive!!We walked into the restaurant and were greeted by a friendly guy who told us to sit wherever we liked.  We looked around at all of the dirty tables and sat down at the one with the smallest pile of empty dishes.  The place was tiny and we could hear every word of Chinese chitter chatter coming from thekitchen.  At one point I'm pretty sure I heard them playing Donkey Kong on the Calecovision, which explains the ridiculously slow service despite us being the only diners in the joint.We ordered off of the lunch menu (served 11-3) and for $4.29 each we got soup, egg rolls, rice, and our choice of a half order main dish.  Half order my ass!  The portion was monstrous.  "This is the 1/2 order?!?!" I gasped.  Mr. Friendly just shrugged and said, "You got lucky, enjoy."  With profit margins that low, it's no wonder they haven't been able to upgrade from their fruit stand.  The food here is scrumptious: not too greasy and totally fresh.  Hands down the best broccoli beef I have ever tasted.  The fortune cookie was average, but my fortune was a little unnerving: "It's time to get moving."  So I paid and left.I do have a couple tips for the menu because I am a stickler when it comes to printed typos:1) "Tender Green Beef" sounds like the beef is tender and green.  I suggest a change to Beef with Tender Greens or Bok Choy Beef.2) The plural of prawn is prawns.  So, "Deep Fried Jumbo Prawn" should in fact be Deep Fried Jumbo Prawns.  Unless, of course, you did mean to say that only one prawn would be served and a small one costs $2.99 and a large one $5.59.3)  The colloquial term is salt & pepper not "Salted & Pepper" as in "Salted & Pepper Crab."  If you feel attached to the "Salted," I would recommend also adding an 'ed' to the end of "Pepper."
<review# 2401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2007,12/15/2007,223,241,15,19,18>I am truly embarassed at what a snob I am!  I went to Nellies almost a year ago on New Years, looked around at what looked like a ghetto mess hall, and said, "No way am I celebrating my New Year here."  I left before ordering...What an idiot!  Someone should have grabbed me and said, "Set your fool ass down this instant and eat these yams."  Well, last night I learned what a horrible horrible mistake I made that night.  What Nellie's lacks in decor (which isn't even all that bad) she MORE than makes up for in oh so deliciousness!  My girlfriend and I GOT DOWN on the following (we both ordered and just split everything):- red snapper- cat fish- fried chicken- two orders of collard greens - potato salad- yams- black eyed peas- rice and gravy- cornbread- about half a bottle of hot sauce- rum and cokes (poured heavy)And it was all DELICIOUS!  If you aren't foodgasming yet then you have neither a mouth nor a stomach!  I'm saying, my family is from South Carolina, my girlfriend used to work in a soul food restaurant, and we both agreed that this place is IT.PLUS our waitress, who just happened to also be Nellie's daughter, was the sweetest thing in life!  Don't be a snob; go to Nellies.
<review# 2402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2007,12/14/2007,156,323,8,17,11>In addition to announcing bulk and senior discounts, the Euromix website claims:.  Ultimate Expression of Our Passionate Expertise.  Classic Styled European Luscious Desserts and Spectacular Products by Old World Artisans. Great Deals throughout the Store. Unique Gift Ideas. Ready-to-Go European Meals. Your Senses will Conjure up images reminisent of Europe, Russia, Germany, Israel, Bulgaria, Italy, France, Belgium, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Romania, Switzerland, Norway, Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania, Ukraine, Croatia, Poland, Armenia, Georgia, Spain, and Austria!!!So you walk down there and expect that a huge building must have sprung up overnight. But, nope, its an itty bitty shop. Thing is, they really do have all of the above in that cozy little space.My Scottish hubby loves the sweet treats of his childhood, my former German linguistic professor buddy comes to find the mustards and other condiments he misses so. I love to just wander around, checking out such a huge range of bizarre little treats I've never seen before. As a vegetarian, I don't sample widely because I can't read most the labels and can't tell what is meat-free, but the sweets are fair game!  Wonderful cookies, candies and pastries oh my! Not good for the WeightWatchers but so great for the spirit (and the sweet tooth). They also have an impressive assortment of Italian pastas, flavored syrups and pickles of all things.To top it off, the owners are incredibly sweet and enthusiastic. Don't come in when you are in loner mode - they want to shower you with love and if you are in a people-hating mood it can be  annoying. But if you are in the mood to share the love, this place is heaven (a heaven that looks strangely like Europe)PS - I don't really see  this as a deli, but rather as a store. I wouldn't head over for a quick lunch break.PPS - I'm not saying anyone that doesn't like the attention from the owners is a people-hater. Thats just the mood I'm in when it feels a bit much.
<review# 2403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2007,12/13/2007,35,30,10,14,14>I have been cursed by the restaurant gods.  CURSED I tell you.After working in the "biz" for nearly half my life in some fashion or other, I find that when I go out to eat, every single thing that has ever gone wrong is something that has happened at work.  My food takes too long, or someone spills on me, or there is a hair in my food; something that as a server, bartender, or manager, I have personally had to deal with.  I say it is restaurant karma, others say I'm cursed.  I have decided it is the latter.I went to Angeline's tonight for dinner with a good friend.  Our service was excellent.  The food was delicious.  The restrooms were clean.  So why am I cursed??  Everything on the menu is spicy.  I LOVE spicy food; spicy food does not love me.  There were 2 non-spicy items on the dinner menu, but I can't take a star away, it's a creole joint, it's supposed to be spicy.  So, I give it back mostly for the benigets.  BENIGETS!  So tasty and so hard to find outside of Louisiana!Next time I go, I'll be sure not to eat for a few days beforehand.  Everything is good and there is a lot of it!
<review# 2404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2007,12/12/2007,7,89,16,12,19>In the past 9 years of living in the east bay, I have had 3 pets, all from the Berkeley Humane Society.  In each experience, I have felt that the people that work there have been nothing short of extremely helpful, and really seem to be out for the best interests of the animals, which is the best anyone could ask for.That said, here's a list of the animals I have adopted, as well as funny stories about them:1.  Dinner.  German Shepard mix.  Dinner was a loyal, friendly, and extremely stupid dog.  She was exactly what my roommates and I were looking for following our house being broken into.  Here's a list of what Dinner accomplished without dying:  was hit by a car, drank and quart of motor oil, was bitten by a rattlesnake, ate a 12 inch chocolate easter bunny, and assorted rats that were roaming the basement.  This dog was indestructible.  No, I'm not a bad owner for letting all this happen.  She was stupid and so were my roommates.2.  Chomsky.  Black/White cat.  Chomsky's claim to fame was one time when I was gone for a couple days in Stockton, he shredded 36 rolls of toilet paper and piled them up in my living room.  When I came home, he was sitting on the pile with a shit-eating grin, as though I should expect this behavior every time I am gone for more than a few hours.  Yes, I did still use the shredded toilet paper.  Waste not, want not.3.  Johnny Drama.  Black cat.  I've only had Drama for about a month, but that has been adequate time for him to display his awesomeness.  His interests are: playing in his litter as I am changing it, watching me surf the internet, removing the sticky ducks from the shower (that help you grip) and putting them on the living room floor, sleeping on my lap while I play with the wii, and chasing lasers (although he seems to be burned out on the lasers of late).  He's very friendly, and has a mouth like a sailor.  Oddly, he doesn't like tuna, so its quite possible that he is, in fact, a robot.  If he turns out to be a robot I will either dock Berkeley Humane 1 star or petition to add a star, for a total of 6, depending on my mood.The point I'm trying to make is: go get a dog or cat from Berkeley Humane.  They are nice people, and pets are fun.  They don't kill the animals here, so if that sort of thing makes you feel good inside, you're probably a wuss (like me).  Get a pet from the best humane society in the east bay, then go get an enchilada across the street at Juan's.  Actually, maybe get the enchilada first.  Either way, its a winner.
<review# 2405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2007,12/10/2007,0,0,19,11,15>This is a shop for spoiled little brat dogs...Namely, my dog Milton. He's got seasonal collars, gourmet doggie treats, cute little firehydrant poo bags, and recently, a f*cking cashmere sweater. WHO SELLS CASHMERE SWEATERS AT A PET STORE??!! WHO BUYS THEIR DOGS SAID CASHMERE?....That person must be really really dumb.I'm so ashamed.
<review# 2406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2007,12/9/2007,144,135,30,9,15>I have no "soul". Take Rick Astley, dress him up in a Gap hoodie, buy a ticket to a Michael Bay movie in Modesto, eat at Olive Garden before driving him to the theater in a Toyota Camry, and you got a pretty good idea of how little "soul" I have. Aretha Franklin I am not. Bonnie Franklin is more like it. (You should be ashamed if you get that reference).However, Everett & Jones on San Pablo has soul dripping out of its pores. It's smoky, sweet, spicy, tender, fatty, succulent "soul". I'm fairly certain Berkeley hippies have been sacrificed for this meat. Only joking. But one can dream. 4 stars.** Good lord, my syntax keeps getting worse and worse.
<review# 2407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2007,12/7/2007,1567,497,11,9,10>Va de Vi was just what I needed after a long week.  No strings attached, legal, delicious fun.  Tasty tapas and a flight of merlot made my day (and tummy) very merry. Try the tuna tartare.  Please.  It's incredible. Request to sit outside on the patio next to a heat lamp.  There's potential for romance here.  It's a little on the pricey side, but you definitely get what you pay for. It's worth it and if you're coming here.. give me a buzz and I'll be your bodyguard on the Bart ride over.
<review# 2408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2007,12/6/2007,231,162,7,14,8>So I totally cheated on my hairstylist with Melanie at Remedy. Nothing against my "usual" - it started out as a simple matter of location. I work in Emeryville and prefer to get my hair cut during work... I feel like I'm sticking it to the man. (woot!) But, now I have a real problem. I think I love Melanie.  The cut was amazing. Not a total 180 degree turn around from when I walked in... but she did something very few stylists do: she listened to me. She took her time. She checked in throughout the cut to be sure I was still on board. I left a few inches lighter, a few bucks poorer, but much, much happier! Thanks, Melanie!
<review# 2409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2007,12/5/2007,151,213,8,16,16>It's called the French Hotel because it was once a french laundry...bought and developed back in the late 70's...it's sort of a destination for out of towners since it's directly across the street from Chez P...HOWEVER, the main draw is Angel Maldonado, the capo of cappuccino...he's been there over 20 years, and has been featured on local news magazine shows for his ability to create artwork on top of the foam of your latte.  He uses a bent paperclip as his brush, and dips it into chocolate and creates amazing designs, some "R" rated...great bunch of guys there...many a person has volunteered to set Angel up in business by himself, he's that popular.
<review# 2410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2007,12/4/2007,3446,131,8,19,19>Really excellent! I love their Red Sea Blend and the Ethiopian Harrar. I like deep espresso drinks that feature rich robust tastes. Often Starbucks has a burnt kind of taste that hides the essence of the brew. So I've been migrating away and trying to find a local establishment with a fresher, sweeter, and hearty brew.I  buy at their store in the back and usually grind (or have them grind for me) and make mine at home... Hearty, strong and roasted to the roast I like.When I do get my shots there, I'm always tasting the incredible flavors and no after taste or bitterness. All I can say is try it.....Just incredible!!
<review# 2411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2007,12/3/2007,832,283,36,24,30>For years I drove past this place and never went inside, which is too bad, because when I would drive past it was usually on the way to a pre-movie meal at some crappy Jack London Square chain restaurant.Why did it take me so long to try this little gem?Perhaps it was the name.  "SOY-ZICK?  Why would I want to eat at "SOY-ZICK?"Rhymes with "Coy prick!" or "Oy, sick!" or "Toy dick!"Also rhymes with "Boy, lick!"as in: "Boy, if you don't lick the rest of this sweet corn puree residue from the soup bowl, I sure as hell will!"or"Boy, don't lick that saffron cream off your fingers like that!  Here, use this piece of bread."or"Boy, keep ordering me these icy cold cosmos and when we get home I'll lick--." Okay, so you get the picture.Soizic has excellent food.  In addition to the sublime corn soup and the succulent mussels in saffron cream, we had an unagi salad with tobiko, caramelized endive, and horseradish cream--best unagi I've ever had in my life!  I had a wonderful eggplant dish which was layered with meaty oyster mushrooms and creamy goat cheese and served with a fresh tomato sauce that was almost like jam.  The "boy" had the lamb tenderloin and raved about it.I had a really nice cosmopolitan which was served in a frosted glass.  I don't often order cosmos because they tend to be too sweet, but this one was tart and full of fresh lime, and a lovely rose-quartz color.The service was very attentive and polite.  My only complaint was the less-than-tidy  restroom and the bottle of Febreeze that I saw in there.  Come to think of it, the restaurant smelled a little too Febreeze-y as well.  But in my opinion, the rest of my experience here was so nice that none of that  warrants the loss of a star.One final note:  when I called to make my reservation, I learned from the hostess that I'd been pronouncing the name wrong all along.  Duh, it's francais.  It's pronounced "SWA-zeek".Now what the hell rhymes with that?
<review# 2412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2007,12/2/2007,0,0,23,7,13>Anatomy of a veggie burrito.  I ordered the grilled veggie burrito took it home, unwrapped it's foil cocoon and layed it out on the makeshift  butcher block autopsy kitchen counter.I made a complete section slice through the mid thoracic region of the burrito and separated the two halves of the tortilla wrapped food item. After eating the first half to taste test the bisected bean and rice log, I then used a fork instrument to remove the grilled vegetable stuffing from the body cavity.  The contents of the inner burrito consisted of whole pinto beans, rice and an amalgam of  various veggies that had been grilled. The items I found were, but not limited to: ZucchiniRed and Green Bell PepperOnionTomatoCarrotsEach vegetable was thinly sliced and properly grilled.  I ended the autopsy early to take a lunch break. I consequently ate the remaining half of the burrito. Then I took a siesta and never returned to my job at the burrito morgue. My days as a Forensic Burrito Pathologist are not over, but I don't feel like working every day. Like Quincy MD, I spend most of my time on my sailboat yelling obscenities at Felix Unger, my assuringly  clean living  neighbor.
<review# 2413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2007,12/1/2007,213,214,7,7,7>Got a sammy here the other day.Fast friendly service, even when I changed one of the meats, the cheese, the bread and the spread, basically creating a new sammy. Just a laugh along with me, and the other customer waiting.Extremely fresh bread, and just the right amount of everything.A bit expensive...$6.95 for a sammy alone, but hey, it's Danville!Really Anjolina, whaaairr, DO, you get, your lips injected?!
<review# 2414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2007,11/30/2007,0,0,22,11,15>So although I spent only three hours in this hotel I felt compelled to write a review. No, I am not a hooker!! But I did spend some much deserved quality time with my best male friend in the entire universe (he travels all over the world for work so time is precious). And in that time I manged to: uhh well use the shower (and yeah, the bed), order room service, chat with the bell hop, and get assistance from their guest service agents. And I must say: it was all positive.The hotel is older but has this lovely charm that fits well in Berkeley. The rooms are modest in size, but very clean. Good water pressure in the shower. And your typical over priced room service food. If you like big fancy hotels, this might not be the place for you. But if you like a charming little boutique type place with very friendly and helpful staff, then check out this hotel.Oh and room 516 has a fantastic view...of the ceiling! Totally kidding!!! It has a gorgeous view of the Berkeley campus. And the ceiling's not so bad either!!
<review# 2415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2007,11/29/2007,62,39,20,6,14>So as previously alluded to in one of the reviews listed below, my grandma was always in her cups here, back in the 50's. All the time. And then my parents took their relationship to the next level while inside of Heinold's. My mom says the conversation that started it all consisted of, and I quote:My Dad: So I don't know if I can continue on having merely a platonic relationship with you.My Mom: I know! Right. (My Mom Inside Her Head: I don't know what platonic means!! Crap.) My Dad: Basically sweetheart, I'm ass over tea kettles for you. My Mom: ME TOO!(My Mom Inside Her Head: oh god. wha. . .?!#$) So I owe my existance to Heinold's, otherwise my grandma might not have been in her cups and met my grandpa and had my mom, who then might not have met my dad there on lunch break and went along with whatever he said. I love bars that are the size of a cubicle, and that are completely covered in fireplace soot. Yeeeah! Plus they sell beef jerky and dog biscuits. But careful on the weekends - trashy houseboat people will hang out here. Last weekend I finally asked the barkeep - "So wtf? My mom says the toilet talks, and whenever I use it it's just a toilet. Is my mom just hella ditzy and drunk (see: above)?"Barkeep: "I don't know. . . .ehhhhhh soooo don't you have to use the bathroom again honey? You've had a few drinks, time to go again. GO."I walk in and a few seconds later I hear a bell ring. Then all of a sudden, as if it were God or Ganesh or Darth Vader or somethin:"DON'T FORGET TO WASH YOUR HANDS. . . %!#$#%$%ERDQAaadege HYGIENE IS VERY IMPORTANT!#43%%^&FDSsdegfjef3##!%$#^." ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! I think there's a microphone behind the bar that's rigged to the bathroom. That's my theory. And don't forget their strict policy  - no swearing!
<review# 2416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2007,11/28/2007,344,904,21,19,23>UPDATE 11/28/07- I was shocked and confused when I read this review on the front page of Yelp today because it doesn't make any sense (forget that I am the one who wrote it)!! But.... I will leave it alone and just do a little update. Powells Place is now closed. This changes everything!! This means everyone will have to put up with a lot more of Drue C in Oaklandish because I am suddenly not at all opposed to making the drive for some soul food. So, save me a seat, I'm on my way....oh, and can I have your grits?Original review:I hate to do this but I can't help it. I am going to compare this place to my favorite soul food in the Bay Area, Powells Place. I would gladly drive to Oakland if I had the hankering, provided they were as deelish as Powell's. Alas, I cannot say it is worth the drive for me. If you live in Oakland I think this place is more than acceptable for some good southern cookin'. Their grits are pretty fucking amazing, the mac and cheese is cheesy and the waffles are, well, waffles. However, the spices on the chicken don't have enough "oomph" and the greens are a bit too tart. 3 stars for the food but an extra bonus point for the fact that they stay open until 4AM on the weekends and the super duper cool 60s styling of the joint. Oh, and unless you want to slip into a diabetic coma stay far, far away from the strawberry lemonade. I diluted it with equal parts water and still couldn't stomach the stuff. I am not a big sweet tooth though, so take that into account. Me, I think I will stay on this side of the bridge for my soul food, but if I find myself in Oaktown late, late at night you may just see me sitting at the counter eating some grits and staring at the funky light fixtures.
<review# 2417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2007,11/27/2007,457,929,7,9,10>This dollar store just opened on Euclid. They really do have TONS of stuff. Every knick knack or small household item imaginable. My BF's group was having a craving for Choco Tacos, and we couldn't find them anywhere! 7-11 and taco bell were no go!  I went and asked the store if they might consider carrying them. They said sure, and now they DO! Gotta love that. They'll take any request.
<review# 2418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2007,11/26/2007,266,363,16,7,11>I went to Ahn's Burger today - my first time since I moved to my Lake Merritt 'hood back in July '06, even though it's less than two blocks from my apartment.  Maybe because I'm not much of a burger eater?  That's likely.  Perhaps because this place always seemed a bit too greasy/hole-in-the-wall for me, like a place that would leave me running to the bathroom for at least 12 hours after visiting?  That's even more likely.  But my fellow Yelpers gave it such great reviews that I had to partake.  I finally got dressed today at 2:00 p.m., donning my T-shirt with a dinosaur on it that says "all my friends are dead" (get it?? it's funny, huh? yeah!), and took a quick trip down the road.  As I was waiting for my order, an old man pulled up in his old truck, wearing an old baseball cap with a Purple Heart patch sewn on the brim.  He comments on my shirt, and says, "here, I might have one," - I presumed he meant a friend, since my shirt says that all my friends are dead.  He searches through his pockets, pulls out a plastic baggie with a stack of cards inside, and hands me one.  It's the size of a business card that states "This is a FREE Ticket" on top, with a green alien-monster guy in the corner that has two sets of eyes, exactly ten feet, cloven hands, glasses, and a mustache.  Stapled to the other side of the card is your standard red ticket, like the kind you'd get at a carnival raffle.  Underneath the ticket, the card reads: "It's Not Good for Anything - It's Just FREE."  I laugh heartily with this glorious old man and his free tickets, take my food, and head home.Also, I'm in trouble, since this place has damn tasty greasy food, and it's just steps from my apartment - ay me.  How am I supposed to fit into my skinny jeans now??  At least I still have my free ticket.
<review# 2419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2007,11/25/2007,87,73,11,11,8>Drive across the Bay Bridge just to get a sandwich???Sounds insane???Not if it's from Genova.  I don't normally review places that already have 150+ reviews... but this is one of my favorites in the Bay Area.  I used to live and/or work nearby, so that's how the addiction set in.The pepper turkey is one of my faves.  But for one of the best sandwiches EVAH, as recommended by my friend Dan Rathbun, famous Oakland bass player and engineer:The Genova Veggie sandwich on FRESH sourdough (must ask for that) with Mendocino mustard. Be prepared for the tastiest mess you've ever jammed in your maw.Another tip, and I know this sounds totally ghetto, but wtf... you're already in the fucking ghetto.  After you go in and take a number, look around the counter or floor for another number, often 20 numbers earlier than yours.  Congrats you just saved yourself 15 minutes, I'm not ashamed to admit I've done this at least twice.
<review# 2420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2007,11/24/2007,213,365,22,13,12>Ah, yeah, people!  This is my 69th review!  And for those of you who know me, are you really surprised that I picked GV for good ole #69?  I didn't think so, bitches.OK, so I am not ashamed to take the wash out by hand, but sometimes I enjoy a little mechanical help.  Who's getting it?  Show of hands.  Anyway, I broke my, ahem, friend a few months ago.  So, I needed a new friend.  I really wanted to branch out and try something new, but I liked the kind of friend I had before.  I got the same model.  BORING!  I know, I know.  But I played with all of the others, trust me on this one.  I've been around and I know what I like. (Insert slut joke here)This GV is much like the others.  A clean, well-lit place for dildos.  Lots of lesbians looking for that very special double-headed dong.  OK, maybe not "lots".  There was just one lesbian couple assessing the rubber phallic products when I was there.  If you are not a card carrying dyke looking for a strap-on, fear not.  This place has something for everyone.  Nice porn section with a little of this and a little of that.  Sure to please anyone, whatever their taste.  Check it out.  You won't be sorry.
<review# 2421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2007,11/20/2007,262,27,19,17,21>*cue violins*Sometimes the life of a small business owner has it's tough moments. So many responsibilities, so little time to get it all done while wearing multiple titles/hats at the shop. Family life can be rough too especially when you've become a "grown-up in charge" and the previous persons are now becoming the "old folks". So no rest or time off for me, I've got too much to do. Mix work and family together and you get my life. I am very fortunate to run a family owned restaurant/shop with my big sis and niece but sometimes a chica just NEEDS to have a Good Time!You know...run away, feel free, have a rum cocktail or two or three, dance while wearing a pink drink umbrella in my hair? Make it EASY, I don't need a passport, deal with airports or jet lag. I can leave the SPF 50 sunblock and bug repellent behind...*cue '50s Lounge music*A tiki bar, in Oakland...Rockridge no less!? I arrive for the DYL late, almost 8pm with lots of peeps asking WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN? I sigh heavily knowing that I am permeated with Eau de Tamales and shrug my shoulders, I CAME STRAIGHT FROM WORK! The always so lovely Lise L orders me a tasty blood orange screwdriver while I say my HOLAS to the most fabulous EB Yelpers I realize I'm surrounded by. Our posse has taken over a big table and I'm welcomed by hugs, creamy shrimp and artichoke dip and Ralph C's spicy and chocolaty cookies. I'm introduced to EVEN MORE East Bayers who I previously knew only by name and avatar. Now it's getting GOOD, just right minty Mojitos along with giant and deadly Scorpion Bowls with a flaming shot of 151 in the center. We have an intense game of pineapple Jenga going while the DJ gets set up to really get the party going. Turns out there is also a group of SF Carnival dancers celebrating with birthday boy Theo.*cue Soca music*Dood, you lookin' for a partay? Take Yelpers and Carnival dancers, add rum and STIR!We all jump onto the packed dance floor keeping up the Caribbean rhythms best we can and the DJ even throws in a Mexican Cumbia for me. There are moments when I close my eyes and I'm transported to an island thousands of miles away where I have not a care in the world, no worries just FUN. I then look around and see I'm surrounded by friends and strangers just having a great time on College Ave which usually makes me *think* YUPPIE not Island/World Beat Friday!Gracias Ruthifer for setting this shindig up so I could have a mini-vacay for the night. Lise, Gracie B, my new homies Joe B, Jessica P and my most favorite Oakland Yelper, Gilberto Y....so many adventures still waiting for us in Oaktown, I'm down if you are!!!
<review# 2422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2007,11/19/2007,373,308,14,6,14>I'm a fairly healthy eater generally but once in a while I'll splurge and bring myself one step closer to a heart attack.There are few other places better to do so than at Val's.  You'll think you died and went to heaven (which you may after enough trips here) with these burgers.The first time I went and had my Val's cherry popped I looked over the menu and contemplated what to get."Yeah I'll have the papa..no the mama..um no the papa burger please.""Sure how do you want that cooked?""Medium-rare.""Okay..it looks like it's your first time her, you know what you're getting, right honey?"-as she points to the picture of it, showing a burger that was possibly made of two whole cows."Oh wow, no I didn't, I'll go with the mama," I said, as my ego level  dropped by about 82%."Okay then".I got it, sat down on one of the stools, took my first bite into it and the drool just accumulated in my mouth.  Every fluid in my body rushed into my tongue as they all wanted a taste of this amazing burger--and who could blame them?I tried to slow the pace down to really savor it, but I couldn't help it.  Within a minute I was almost done with it, each bite better than the last..and by the end I kind of wished I went with the papa burger.Next time I tell myself, next time.
<review# 2423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2007,11/18/2007,237,131,11,12,12>This past week really kicked my ass and the only thing that kept me going was knowing that I'll get to kick it at the Gwen Stefani concert come Friday.  A Friday concert isn't too bad, but if given a choice, I would have liked to go on a Saturday.  Santa Barbara got Gwen for Saturday evening - lucky bastards!!!! Gwen is the second artist that....I love all the songs....on the artist's albums, the first was Celine Dion.  Five years ago, I thought Celine Dion's concert was the best I've ever been to, and as much I still love Celine Dion, Gwen has taken over my heart, completely.  I know, I told ya'll, I thought the Caravan manager was smokin' hot lava, and if I was a lesbian I would totally ravage Marcia Cross from Desperate Housewives, but Gwen?!  SHE IS THE ONE.  She really makes me want to be a lesbian.  Damn everything about this woman is hot!  And her body....it's amazing that she gave birth just a little over a year ago.  Hungry or not, you can serve Gwen on a platter any day, I'll be happy to feast, ah RRRrrrr.  She should have an auction, highest bidder will get dinner served on her abs, how's about some stefani spice for your eating pleasure :)After a hectic week, I didn't think I'll be able to sit and enjoy a nice dinner for two hours prior to the concert so we opted to grab burgers at In-n-Out.  Hot, delicious, made-to-order burgers, fresh off the grill, and them fries....totally hit the spot mon!Parking was really expensive.  20 bucks!  Hello, I could have 7 pearl drinks or get my brows tweezed with that mulahhh!  Disclaimer: Spending 20 bucks for parking at a Gwen Stefani concert is totally worth every penny.I've been to the oracle arena for basketball games, but a concert, this was a first.  The regular food stands that served food during a basketball game was open for the night.  Alcoholic beverages included.  It was surprisingly not too crowded.  The concert was supposed to start at 7:30 p.m. but the opening act did not start until 7:45 p.m.  (Starting late is not so much a surprise for concerts, but waiting for Britney Spears to start was a bitch, she was over an hour late!)  After the opening act, there was a 15 minute intermission, and Gwen appeared at 8:30 p.m.   There were a total of 3 big tv screens above the stage, which was convenient for the audience who sat on the opposite end of the stage.  What's so great about this facility is that there is not a bad seat in the house.  The show's pacing was impeccable.  Instead of silence or banter between songs, there was a combination of: the band playing musical interludes/a band member singing one of her songs, the harajuku girls running around/dancing, or her breakdancers entertaining the crowd.  The costumes were amazing, she changed at least 6 or 7 seven times - totally dig her style and wouldn't mind wearing some of the pieces.  The people that sat on the far opposite end of the stage thought they were getting a treat when she ran back there, and had a 2 minute social on top of the small platform, but then she started to run up into the crowd, vertically maneuvering between aisles, from half way up to the bleechers down to the ground level.  She totally worked it and consistently revved up the crowd throughout the entire concert.  Awesome fuckin'mazing!!!The crowd was pretty diverse.  All ethnicities.  Young professionals.  A few desperate housewives.  Couples, gay and straight.  Big kudos for the men that brought their girlfriends or wives to a Gwen concert - guess who's a gunna get lucky tonight?  Overall, a more fun tamed and classy, but hip crowd.   The only bad thing that happened at the concert was the girls that sat in front of us were smoking marijuana.  Some dude behind us reported them and the security came to escort them out!  We were so glad they got caught because they were starting to get a little out of control and the smoking was getting unbearable.  Aside from this minor glitch, this was hands down the best concert I've been to, EVAR!!!!  I like all of Gwen's music, but some of my personal favorites from her new album are....(1) yummy(2) flouresecent(3) sweet escape(4) 4 a.m. in the morningI was so pooped and exhausted, but after Gwen's performance, I got my second wind :)Oracle Arena - 5 starsGWEN STEFANI - 100 stars baby!!!!!!
<review# 2424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2007,11/17/2007,98,145,32,4,9>Dear Masse's,Screw you for foiling my plans to be a skinny bitch.  SCREW YOU!V.P.S.  See you  next Saturday.  Save the Carmelia for me.
<review# 2425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2007,11/16/2007,2016,1122,16,16,27>WOW! this place is all about memories for me. this was the place i had my first ever haircut and i cried the entire time. back then i had long reddish curly hair and i would cry each and every time until george began to calm me with his infectious smile and laugh when cutting my hair. george spence is a fixture in castro valley and at scotty's and made me quite the small pimp back then with his great craft work.for nearly 40 years the scottish-born spence has befriended and beautified thousands of customers -- including three generations of families -- as a barber and hairstylist in the comfy castro valley salon founded by his dad.he learned to cut hair from his dad, both in scotland and in the united states, and became a stylist in 1973 after the popularity of long hair prompted him to attend and graduate from a school headed by vidal sassoon. well i have grown up and found my new favorite barber and george has moved on to paintings to keep his mind going strong but those good old days with george will always be with me.UPDATE- YES! as you can see in the picture i am holding a graham cracker. george gave these to me to try to calm me down! :)
<review# 2426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2007,11/15/2007,401,241,2,8,15>I've been shopping at Berkeley Hort since I moved to the East Bay in 1997 , and have always marveled at their selection, fair pricing, friendly and informed staff, and thoughtful layout.When I moved to Montclair in 2001, I became acquainted  with one of the Hort's owners who lived down the block, and it became apparent to me that what I liked about the hort was what my wife and I liked about him and his wife - friendly, intelligent, and  always sunny dispositions.Need a plant?  Go the the Hort...Need plant advice?  Go to the hort.  Wanna dream about roses?   Go to the Hort. Just go
<review# 2427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2007,11/14/2007,275,119,9,11,9>Update 6/04/07: Wonderful paninis and salads, all around. A place to eat delicious food and sit comfortably, and enjoy a nice atmosphere. And they DO take phone orders.And I am dramatic, and not hated :*) **************************************************­******************The people that work here hate me, well, maybe I'm being a *little* dramatic ;) But I do think they like their Oaklandish artists, poets, do-nothing hipsters, internet-surfers, suited-up lawyers, accountants, architects and other random scrabble that amble in. I am ugly, big and smelly - I've been working on the residential and commercial condos across the street - not to mention I doth detest small talk. They don't take phone orders, so I gotta walk over and order the "panini" of the day, their fancy term for a grilled sandwich. Since Christmas, I have been watching my waistline - diabetes runs in the family, you understand - so I've been getting the Tuscan salad. That "salad" is packed with good stuff (spring greens, olives, feta cheese, kosher salami, tomatoes, capers, and home-made pesto-pasted toast), consistently satisfyingly tasty and calorie-filled, without being too heavy. I always gotta get back to work, so I can't afford a food coma nap. It's around the same cost as a lunch at Buttercup down the street ($8 to $13 for a meal, drink + tip). Damn, I've been on a budget since Christmas, too - they take credit cards.Please don't leer at me when I'm here just because I don't fit in.
<review# 2428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2007,11/13/2007,541,156,4,18,12>My sweetheart of a daughter and nine friends were escorted to their Senior Ball in Elite style!Me, the mama helped them with the reservation process as we'd be warned via letter by the high school that some limo services do take advantage of younger people.No WAY was I gonna let that happen with the great group of kiddos!On several different days I called to get bids from Elite and the final bid was $576.00, which was a fabulous bid...other bids topped $900.00 for five hours of rental.The driver was on time and was a very nice lady. I felt comfy that that special group of kiddos would be well taken care of.The driver was waiting for the kids outside the SF hotel when the dance ended.The limo was beautiful. Honestly, I was a bit nervous that the kids would get a less than stellar limo due to the really great price, yet we were all happy that they got a beauty of a set of wheels!There was a  bit of confusion with the driver regarding an extra fee for gratuity. I did call the office the following Monday and was told the manager would call me to verify I would not be charged an extra fee.I did not receive a call, yet I watched my credit card statement online like a mommy hawk and no extra fee transaction appeared...that's good!Perk about this limo service vs others was that not one employee put any pressure to reserve their limo nor did they bad-mouth other Bay Area limo companies. I did hear a LOT of bad-mouthing and that is a complete turn-off to me.
<review# 2429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2007,11/11/2007,116,243,20,12,14>damn.i like this place.  in fact, i love it.  i so wanted to hate this place because ... well, it's whole foods (hence the 4 stars).holy mother of disneyland!  it's so gorgeous!  my heaven would be this place without the price tag.  in MY heaven, i would roam this whole foods all day with a glass of wine or belgian beer in hand (they offer a great selection of both) with someone following me to make sure my glass is never empty (the staff here is so nice).  I would eat bite-sized samples of organic seasonal fruits, aged cheeses, fresh sushi, soups, baked goods, desserts, gelato, and other items hot and cold from their many prepared food carts.  i would have a funny gay friend accompanying me and we would talk about what's good and what's not, who's cute and who's not, how much we love each other, kiss*kiss, what britney is up to these days, what drunks we are but we don't care cuz we're already in heaven, ha ha, and we would laugh...  and did i mention in heaven, i'm a size 2 without working out?alas, in this reality, things are different.  things at whole foods are SO not free and they frown upon any sampling.  my gay friend is often too busy to entertain me and i'm not a size 2.  and i work out.  at five freaking thirty in the morning.   *sigh* and i feel like a hypocrite because while i refuse to take my kids to disneyland on sheer principle, i roused them from their naps in the car to drag them through mine.it sucks to be young and powerless.
<review# 2430,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/7/2007,11/10/2007,1070,429,37,16,19>Ladies, listen closely, we are in the middle of an EPIDEMIC.More on that in a second, but first: Thalassa is a cavernous pool hall/bar on Shattuck that was able to satisfy both my roommate (she of the Marina Girl persuasion) and myself (of the sleepy Haight pub persuasion). Cute bartenders, reasonably priced drinks, and tons of pool tables. Their "Match Maker" drink is especially potent - Maker's Mark, freshly squeezed lemon juice, and a splash of ginger ale. Eesh. But a good eesh.So what's the epidemic? In danger of being redundant from another review of mine, may I present to you the PUAS - Pick Up Artist Syndrome. It's getting out of control, and I have a sneaking feeling that the practice grounds might be at Thalassa.Scene: Roommate and I are enjoying our Match Makers and catching up on the week, when dude slides up to the table.Dude: Hi ladies, mind if I sit here? I have to ask you a question.Roommate and Devon: Uh, sure.Dude: So my roommate is here with his girlfriend and -OPENER OPENER! I saw the show, this guy just "opened a set." (And I cut it off there because his roommate at that exact moment sits down very clearly without a girl. First dude then concedes that it was just a line and that his roommate is single. Super.) Inane banter follows until -Dude: I'm a linguist, and I can tell you girls aren't from California. Roommate and Devon: We're not? Where are we from?Dude, pointing at my roommate: Middle America.         (Now that's not nice. She may be from Claremont, which is in the boonies of the LA basin, but that's not exactly Ohio.)Dude, pointing at me: East CoastDevon: East Coast? Where do you get that idea? Where exactly on the east coast do you think I am from?          (I may be from Moraga, which is in the East Bay, but that doesn't exactly constitute the Atlantic seaboard.)Dude: You sound like a Jersey girl, actually. It's in your voice.Whoa whoa WHOA. I get it. You're "negging" me, insulting me so I want more. But really, New Jersey? I've never been east of Wyoming, but even I know that's an insult. So ladies,  take heed: beware of Thalassa and its pickup artist proving grounds. Drinks and atmosphere are cool, but clientele is straight outta VH1.
<review# 2431,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/8/2007,11/9/2007,0,0,20,21,15>the emeryville public market scares the hell out of me.  why?  well, it's a market, so it reminds me of my childhood when my mother would shackle me, dragged me to the market and yelled "BOY FOR SALE!".  well, no one bought me, not even for the measly 50-cents in hong kong dollars that she asked for, which was the equivalent of USD $0.08.their men's room also scares the shit out of me (not literally).  but is it really necessary to have those bright neon lights hanging above the urinals that shine down and highlight my junk?so anyway, it's not like i have the luxury of a real lunch hour to actually walk over to the EPM to grab lunch very often.  but my admin!  bless her soul!  when she noticed that i was about to go postal due to a lack of nourishment, she went and brought back for me a falafel wrap from sara's.  i've had sara's falafels on a few occasions, usually in a fit of uncontrollable fear because i was afraid my lunch companion might stand up and yell "BOY FOR SALE!" any second, or the fear of having to go pee again and cry over my chicken-sized penis.  and sara, i'm afraid your falafels are only average, and you put too much other stuff in the wraps, like... stuff, and i can't really taste the falafels.  but my admin.  oh, how do i love thee!!  today's was the yummiest fafafels i have ever tasted, served at just the right moment when i needed them most.  even though by writing this i have subjected myself to months and months of sensitivity and workforce anti-harassment training, i still have to say it: will you dump your hot sexy irish husband and marry me?oh, the wraps come with a salad on the side.  just mark this review useful, damn it!
<review# 2432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2007,11/8/2007,401,50,4,7,6>The FIVE STAR is for the pre-packed frozen food.  I never had anything else cook their.  Would not know.....  My bf only buys the frozen ones home and I am not even sure what the restaurants look like......  But potsticker is delicious(Put frozen potstickers/dumplings/buns. Just put whatever you wish to cook into burn hotpot with oil/water in it and let it seat for 10 min low heat....NEED A LID/COVER)done!!!fellow yelper updated:  Add 2 drops of olive oils.
<review# 2433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2007,11/7/2007,63,181,17,10,17>When my body finally gives out I would like to be laid to rest in a Dream Fluff brand coffin. Sounds so inviting, whether or not the boxes are molded from patented donut technology.Until then, while I continue to trudge along in this earthly sphere, I will settle for Dream Fluff brand donuts because, as with the coffin, it's really about the name.And it's the Dream Fluff name that led me here this morning, having indulged a twenty minute detour in my morning commute and stop-and-go traffic on the 13. That and the name and memory of the cool pink vintage sign that, sadly, was replaced very recently, although not as a direct result of damage suffered in the July Oakland quake:sfgate.com/cgi-bin/objec…Good donuts are turned out of this old shop. This morning I purchased a glazed, a chocolate old fashioned and a blueberry cake. The first two made an excellent, sticky-steering-wheel breakfast in the car and the third an excellent desert after my two Pomodoro-slice lunch of Gioia pizza. (Time to prep that coffin?)I'm deducting a star because I like my donut houses to smell like sweet, fried dough (especially at 9AM) and this one, which doubles as a diner and is overrun by a huge lunch menu, smells like fried chicken.
<review# 2434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2007,11/6/2007,3,11,3,7,6>Susan and I were eating here last week, something we do at least once a month, and tried to think how long we had been eating here.  Nine years we realized.  I tend to order the same thing because it is just so good.  Seared tuna with wasabi mustard over leeks, green onion pancake with shitake mushrooms, sometimes the grilled portabello mushrooms and for the entree I get the skirt steak (medium rare) over edamame beans and a seasonal green vegetable.  Yum.We had been eating there for five or six years but never had dessert.  I am not a big fan of Japanese desserts, although I am developing a taste for mochi.  Anyway we decided to check out the desserts one day and found out they had a caramel gelato flavored with balsamic vinegar.  It seemed just too odd to pass up.  OMFG, it is truly the best ice cream/gelato ever.  Really, ever.  I should just send it whenever I need a peace offering because I will surely get my way after anyone tries it.Kudos to nine years and never an off meal.  During peak hours the staff can get a little behind but you will never feel rushed and I have never had to wait so long that I got irked either.
<review# 2435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2007,11/5/2007,61,243,11,12,7>Feb '08 update: Yeah, the new owners are introducing more prepared foods (higher margins), but they still stock Fulton and Hoffman and they still have staff capable of skinning your chicken legs if you're going to cook them Indian-style. Still the best chicken shop in the Bay Area.***Original ROTD'd review:It's so clearly the best place to buy chicken in the East Bay, and possibly in the entire Bay Area, that I don't know what comes second. (Maybe Cafe Rouge, but their selection is minuscule. Andronico's has some good stuff but is ridiculously expensive.) Their standard brand is Fulton Valley: no antibiotics or hormones or similar crap. More importantly, it tastes so much more like chicken than even other sustainable producers, let alone the sorry excuses for birds you get in most supermarkets, that I wouldn't advise buying anything else...Unless, unless, you're going to splurge for a Hoffman Farm chicken, also available here, but only as a whole bird, where Fulton Valley comes in various cuts. I've never been able to bring myself to pay three dollars-something a pound for Hoffman, but my restaurant experiences suggest it's that much better again than Fulton Valley. Truly the alpha chicken.Duck, well, at these prices I'll take my chances in Oakland Chinatown. But come here for chicken!***BONUS RECIPE~!: Stove-top chicken legs2 servings, about 45 mins totalA day before cooking (although even a few hours before will help), rub 2 chicken legs with 3/4 tbsp of salt, 3/4 tbsp pepper and 1/4 tbsp dried rosemary (to taste). Try to rub more on the thicker parts (the thighs) than the thinner parts (the ankles). Refrigerate.When you're ready to cook, warm a couple of tablespoons of butter or olive oil in a deep skillet or saucepan over medium-high heat. Add 2 cloves of garlic (chopped into about 4 pieces each) and the chicken legs, with the side with more skin facing down. When the underside is brown (about 5 mins), turn. When this side is brown as well (another 3 mins), add 3/4 cup dry white wine. The wine should quickly come to a boil; then reduce the heat so that it's barely simmering, and cover. Turn the chicken every 10 mins; meanwhile, drink some wine.Stick a thermometer into the thickest part of the thicker piece of chicken; cook until the temperature hits 165-170F (if you don't have a thermometer, 35 mins should be safe). Take out the chicken and garlic and put them somewhere warm. If you're fat-conscious, scoop out the excess fat from the pan, add a dash of wine, then reheat and stir to make a sauce. If you're not fat-conscious, just pour the fatty liquid over the chicken. Mmm, chickenfat. Serve with rice and booze.
<review# 2436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2006,11/3/2007,98,205,14,12,13>Imagine the entire population of Berkeley's notoriously reckless pedestrians all packed into a single building.I'll let that sink in for a moment.They run wild through the aisles, clumsily maneuvering while actively ignoring their surroundings. How does one actively ignore their surroundings? It is a talent that takes months of training on the streets of Berkeley. All those months were simply preparation for their time at Berkeley Bowl.Yet for all its dangers. For all its crowds and lines, one can not ignore that beautiful produce section. Your local megamart has only *one* type of pineapple. My poor child, how ever do you survive when you can head over to the Bowl and choose one of five! Hass avacados? Please, they have Hass, Bacon, Fuerte, Reed and Gwen.I can't even name all the types of grapes. Or tomatoes. Oh goodness gracious the tomatoes!And the best part? They seem to clear their inventory every six minutes (judging by the crowds) so nearly everything is fresh.I will never look at my Whole Foods the same way.
<review# 2437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2007,11/2/2007,333,39,22,19,29>If East Bay restaurants were high school, Buttercup Kitchen would be that one quiet, shy, plain-dressed kid who you've seen around forever but doesn't seem to have very many friends. Then one day, sitting in the back of algebra II, you strike up a conversation, and by the end of class realize this dude is one of the coolest muffuggas you've ever met!Despite growing up in and currently living in Oakland, I never really hear anyone mentioning Buttercup, and whenever i come here it seems to be at most half-full...Is it because it's adjacent to and shares a parking lot with a best western?  Is it because it sorta resembles a Denny's in its lack of "flair"?  Whatever, poser- Take off those stunna shades, stop thinkin you're too-cool-fa-school, and come in here NOW for a much needed dose of substance-over-style.See, this is EXACTLY the type of place that yelp was created for- completely unpretentious and so low key, but consistently outstanding food and service. They serve huge portions, have a wide variety of choices (breakfast, lunch, and dinner) and are very reasonably priced.  Plus everyone working there is friendly and sweet natured- the kinda waitstaff that genuinely smiles and is constantly refiling your coffee, even when it's already three-quarters full. To top it off, they're open 24 hours! (in downtown Oakland no less)       I  HELLA   x    x      x     x x          x           x x                       x   x                   x       x           x          x     x             x   BUTTERCUP      KITCHEN..
<review# 2438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2007,11/1/2007,193,620,12,9,11>This gem is now one of my favorite placed to go in the Rockridge area of Oakland, especially now since I am forbidden to go to Zachary's.It is a primarily walk in restaurant, that specializes in small plates, with an always changing menu, depending on what is local and fresh.  I've been there twice and have been blown away each time.  The first time I saw the menu I had my heart set on the Bucatini Amatriciana.  Sadly, it was not on the menu, but I found something equally good.  We shared the pommes frites, which if you don't know by now, comes with a nice aoli.  The flatbread served that night was fabulous.  Crispy and thin, as it should be.  The toppings will vary, but it's worth a try, no matter what's on it.First time, I think I had a steak, (sorry! but it's been a while, and I'm old and forgetful!), and my friend had scallops, which she raved about.   For dessert, I had something with salted caramel ice cream (yes, it's the age thing again), and the ice cream was good!  I never thought to combine salted caramel and ice cream.  The sweet hit me first, followed by a hint of salt.  All in all, it was a great evening with great company.Second time, I was dining alone, and sat outside.  Out back is a very nice patio.  I started with the Corn Soup with Chili Oil, which resembled Split Pea, and was fantastic!  I then had the Bucatini Carbonara, with peas and the shoots.  Another great pasta dish.  I had really the Profiteroles with Roasted Cherry, but they were removed!!  So I had the Pot de Creme, and that was great too.  No substitute for the Roasted Cherry, but I will survive.There is a communal table where diners can get comfortable with strangers.  It seems to be pretty popular, but I have to hand it to the staff for keeping the checks separate!Great drinks, top notch service and even better food.  Another reason for a BART ride across the Bay!  Have to hand it to the pasty chef and the manager!OK ... I've been told I had 1) French Onion soup!, 2) LAMB, 3) and Banana Upside Down cake.  I do remember I loved it, but I am old, and forgetful.  It has been suggested I take my ginko.  I would, but I forgot where I put it!
<review# 2439,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/30/2006,10/31/2007,202,399,7,7,14>A friend of mine, who is Swedish, once put it in perspective: IKEA doesn't pretend to be anything other than what it is. It's cheap. It's functional. It doesn't try to make you think that it's a high end luxury item store. It's about simplicity, organization, and affordable good-looking stuff for everyone. It's the anti-elite. But I still can't decide what I dislike most: Particle board furniture, the idea of having to put it together myself, the sheer sensory overload of the place, or the promotion of disposable consumerist crap. But then, there's something about getting to use my Black & Decker power drill with the phillips screw driver attachment that makes me feel all tingly...besides, I like IKEA for basic home furnishings type of things like candle holders, dish towels and planters. An extra 1/2 star for bringing truly affordable design to the masses.
<review# 2440,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/25/2007,10/30/2007,35,95,11,31,6>This topic has been subject to some debate but here are the facts and you can decide for yourself.Fact: Called to make a reservation downstairs and said we would be a party of two vegetarians. Host said no probs, as there is a vegetarian menu. Reservation made.Fact: Got there and got seated next to a non-vegetarian party. Meal was served as such:Them: Kobe beef salad with beetsUs: Salad. Beets.Them: Cream of celery root soup with crabUs: Celery root soupThem: Duck breast with risotto and turnipsUs: Risotto and turnipsPrice: Them $85/person. Us: $85/personSo, note, if you are a vegetarian eating here -- they'll accommodate you, but they'll just take the meat out of the dish and call it a day. On the plus side, the food WAS good, but I don't think it was worth the prize. Next time I go out for a fancy vegetarian eat-stravaganza, I'll go to Millenium or Michael Mina or Gary Danko or Fleur de Lys or someplace that has a vegetarian menu that isn't a total afterthought. Discuss.
<review# 2441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2007,10/29/2007,28,115,16,9,10>If you bring a stroller into this Peet's, you should have to pay for the coffee of the people in front and in back of you, because you are really fucking with our vibe.The coffee is strong. To me it's tasty. Some people don't like it. Those people should not be trusted.I like this Peet's, it's usually crowded, full of a great eclectic mix of neighborhood folks and the counter people are generally the classic "detatched poor hipster barista types" who seem to despise the clientele. I prefer that to the Corporate KoolAid drinking Starbucks workers... and somhow the wage slave spite at Peets adds a welcome bitterness to the brew.If you happen to sit on the benches inside while waiting for a fancy coffee drink, you quickly learn that there are a lot more ass shapes in the world than you thought there were.Also, is there a Peet's that has good traffic flow? Who plans these store layouts? Put in a coffee delivery window... make people go outside and  get their drink through the window.Better yet, have two lines. One for people who have already made up their mind and just want to get the hell out of the store... and a second line for everyone else: stroller people, medium in a large cup people, I'm still reading the menu people and the people that get in the drink line and decide that they want more information about where Peet's gets their coffee beans.
<review# 2442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2007,10/28/2007,144,259,14,8,6>Why does my immature side always wanna call this place 'Cafe van Queef'? Ah, well, this is quickly becoming one of my favorite bars. I had to knock it down one star because of the cover they'll charge when a band is playing, but they need to make a living too. This is the best bar to get drunk in because there's so much to look at while in that state. It's like a huge rummage sale exploded in the interior - ceilings, countertops, walls. Bartenders are friendly, and they serve hot dogs/chili dogs just in case you need something to soak up all that alcohol.
<review# 2443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2007,10/26/2007,791,1229,1,21,11>Top Sashimi Grade Fish.   Albany is just next to Berkeley.  I drive to Albany to buy fish.  Fish selection and freshness far surpass choices in SF.   They have atleast 40 different types of seafood:  mackarel, branzini, scallop, uni, hamachi, maguro, tilapia, clam, oyster, mussel, raw octopus, cooked octupus, amjerjack, rock cod, snapper, black cod, crab in tank, salmon, sockeye salmon, squid, blue shrimp, artic char...but I can only remember so much.  I like best that I can buy a whole saba and the fish guys clean it chop off the head and tail and turn it into fish roaster ready cleaned fillets.  They also have free okara (waste of tofu) for free in the fridge.  Its really not a waste.  If you stew it with dashi its a great side dish.oh my, and they have HUGE hand made crab croquettes and tonkatsu (pork cutlet).
<review# 2444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2007,10/25/2007,749,974,11,9,11>I have a friend.She's a health nut.She's an outdoor nut.So it WASN'T her birthday dinner last night.  Just a dinner on the day that she HAPPENED to be born on.Total coincidence that we decided to go out to eat.  If it was any other day I'd probably say no to hippie dining.  But it WAS a special day...it was Tuesday the 26th of June.  I love the number 26...but only in June. For no special reason though.Definitely NOT because of one the of Four Wheels.No meat...but it totally didn't matter.Shitake 'ceviche'....dope ass shit, yo. Portabello on Creamy Polenta with Marinara sauce....yummers.They even have a full bar!!!Which helps...when you are toasting to the 26th of June.  You know....just because it's a kick ass day of the year.  NOT for any other reason.
<review# 2445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2007,10/24/2007,235,198,27,14,19>WTF? Where's the seafood?The only crabs that you are going to get at this buffet are the ones you came with...or if you're adventourous enough you can eat the sourdough crab garnish - a little dry though...and let's face it, if you're a seafood grill your damned buffet best be seriously infested with seafood...this one, eh...not so much - peel and eat shrimp with smoked salmon just don't cut it...I want CRAB dammit!So why go? The bottomless mimosa's and brunch with white trash, Larry the Cable Guy wannabes...What could be better? Would I go back? Hell yeah! And next time I'm eating the flower arrangement...anything is possible with enough champagne...
