<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2014,11/26/2014,158,543,4,5,6>This park is OUT OF THIS WORLD!There are so many playgrounds here, it is easy for me to get lost! TONS of parking, at least 5 separate playgrounds including - toddler playground, big kid playground, rock wall/climbing and rope course play ground, HUGE spray park, and a freaking monkey bars playground... that's right, I said a monkey bars playground with more than 20 different types/styles of monkey bars.This park is INSANE - if you haven't been here, you NEED to come.  Get up, right now and go!So pray tell, why am I only giving 4 stars rather than 5 stars?  Well... Okay, compared to my family's personal have spray park, this park does not offer concessions, is not staffed during all open hours, and has a lake that little ones could run off to quickly and possibly get wet or be in a dangerous situation.So... If coming here with only big kids that you trust not to go in the lake or run out in the parking lot, then this park may become your very favourite.  If you are like me with two kids under 6, this park requires a 1:1 ratio of adults to children to be certain of safety.I will most definitely be coming back here again and again and again!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2014,11/25/2014,11,55,1,8,4>I give these guys 5 stars for great customer service!During the summer I found these guys parked on my west end street! Having never seen them before I thought it was a weird spot to have a pop up truck! So of course I had to investigate! Upon investigation I discovered that the owners of the truck were hosting a friends birthday party! What a fantastic idea! I was a little sad but asked if I could still buy something to eat anyhow. They quickly answered with an "of course"!! While I was not offered a typical menu item due to the circumstances, I was given a delicious slider and heap of fresh cut fries! And the best part of all... They wouldn't take my money! Sadly, I haven't had a chance to try these guys again as I haven't seen them around! But I've been keeping an eye out! I highly recommend them on many levels!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2014,11/24/2014,30,58,4,8,5>Quality. Quality. Quality.Everything from booking my first appointment to my very first medical massage therapy were well organised. Jodie, the receptionist aka owner of ProMedMa boasts of an utterly friendly disposition yet professional. It's so easy to chat with Jodie while waiting for the massage therapy to start. Really does makes one feels at home. It's the little little things that really brings me back here again and again. My first appointment was with Scott. He would ask a couple of questions regarding my back and would then briefly let me know where he will be working on. To top it all off, he is knowledgeable and very skilful in his profession. The pain in my back soon eased away. Thanks to his great massage skills. After the first appointment, my back was definitely pleased. So, I had a second appointment but with Trisha instead (since I find myself becoming a regular, I might as well give a few a try). She was a-ma-zing! I was questioned the same way as with Scott but for the last bit of my session with Trisha was quite practical and helpful. She went above and beyond her call of duty to teach me a couple of stretches that I could actually do it at home. It was fairly simple and straightforward. What a lovely finishing touch. :)
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2014,11/23/2014,61,63,4,6,6>I wonder if this is the first Yelp review of a public toilet building?  Perhaps I am making Yelp history here!The Whyte Avenue Public Washrooms were built in 2012 at a public cost of $536,000 to address concerns of inebriated bar patrons using public and private property to relieve themselves after leaving the bars.  They initially were open 24 hrs/day but the hours have been scaled back a bit so they are now closed a few hours after the bars let out.  They have been designed intentionally to have glass walls so that you can see into them which provides users with a sense of safety and also discourages any negative activity from going on inside.  They also are only heated to +5C in winter and have no summer air conditioning to discourage people from loitering inside.  Besides serving the after bar crowd the majority of users are the daytime shoppers and passer-bys.The public perception of the washrooms varies.  Some people love them and some hate them.  I'm sure the residents that live in and around the area like them especially if they are seeing less public urination around their homes and properties.Here is one article on the washrooms:  www2.canada.com/edmonton…Also, a local documentary film maker did a short film called iCup (get it..."I See You Pee) regarding the washrooms for an Air Canada En Route magazine film contest.  Not sure how he did in the contest or if it is available online to view any longer.Personally I think having these public washrooms available is a good thing.  I'm not a late-night bar patron on Whyte Ave much these days so my chance of using these in the nighttime is probably slim to none.  I have stopped in during the day to use them once and felt fine using it.  Facilities like these are more popular in Europe but I think we may see more of these cropping up in Canada.  I think that Edmonton has probably been used as a testing ground on how to design one of these to operate in -30 to -40C temperatures.  It will be interesting to see these become more popular in Canadian urban centres.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2014,11/22/2014,13,82,1,5,4>After finding out our regular vet is closed on Saturday and having some concerns about our dog that couldn't wait until Monday, we called around to several clinics in the city.  Park West was the only one that would squeeze her in, despite being booked up.I'm glad we happened upon this clinic, because the vet was amazing.  Dr. Finyak was extremely thorough with his examination if our dog and explained everything he was doing step by step.  At no point did we feel like he was in a hurry and he took lots of time to answer our questions, even those that weren't particularly about the health issue at hand.We had the results of the tests within 15 minutes, and Dr. Finyak came up with a treatment plan for our dog and showed us how to administer the meds successfully.Overall, I'm thoroughly impressed by the quality of care, attentiveness and affordability of Park West.  Although it's significantly further from the clinics nearest to our house, I think we might just switch over to Park West as our primary vet. It's hard to find this quality of service in the city!
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2014,11/21/2014,15,54,4,6,4>Not that it needs another rave review, but here it is anyways. Lan's! Why has it taken me so long to knock you off my bookmark list!? I've read the reviews, heard the stories, and seen it sit on the list of top 5 Yelp rated restaurants since I can remember. Even going there with high expectations I was still blown away. Is Tom the younger guy that takes the orders in the front? He was amazing! Incredible energy and when he told me they didn't have any more shrimp for my salad rolls I wasn't even a bit upset. Sure! Swap it with chicken! Such a great, friendly environment which alone is enough to warrant a 5 star review. Then there is the delicious food. I don't need to go into detail because it has been done before. Just pick anything of the menu and I am sure you will be blown away. Keep doing what you're doing Lan's. You seriously rock and it won't be too long before I'm back. Oh- and their homemade peanut sauce? BEST EVER.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2014,11/20/2014,68,383,4,5,5>Step 1. Open MouthStep 2. Insert FootSo if you happened to read my last review you know about the situation I had with my Strathcona County commuter pass and the folks at ETS informing me that it was not valid for LRT travel. Well low and behold 24 hours after this incident I had a representative of ETS contact me to inform me that the commuter passes had been modified and they are infact valid for LRT travel. They just hadn't updated the link on the part of the website explaining commuter fare restrictions since February 2013 (maybe I need to update my ETS review after this.)Even after this incident I still had a representative from Strathcona Country Transit email me to apologize for the confusion despite the fact that they had done nothing wrong and let me know my commuter pass is valid for LRT travel. I apologize to anyone else who uses the commuter service that I might have alarmed with that one star review as well as anyone who works at Strathcona County Transit who may come across this at some point in time. Alot of what I said in my first ever four star review of the service still rings true and since that time they have also expanded their routes and added more trips out of their brand new transit center. Good service and classy employees who know how to deal with irate customers make this a five star review.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,11/19/2014,64,167,4,5,4>I've eaten from their food truck many times, and have truly enjoyed Chicken for Lunch as well as the delivery food from there that others have shared with me at their events. I've only visited the restaurant in person once and I was not disappointed. A true Edmonton institution, The Lingnan features attentive servers, delicious food, and an expansive menu. Certainly prices may be more than one might expect from a comparable Chinese restaurant, but the quality makes up for any price difference. When I went we had the Deluxe Dinner for Two (as it was both a good deal and a good way to not have to make decisions). It was definitely enough food for both of us and enough leftovers for another meal entirely. I want to go back and have the fancier dinner there someday, but as it is I was quite pleased with my experience and will recommend the Lingnan to anyone who wants some good Chinese food in Edmonton.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,11/18/2014,69,217,4,7,5>Great pho. Sweet porkchop. Yummy duck soup and salad.Located in between the hsbc and pagolac. This restaurant has recently undergone renovations. For its location in chinatown its pretty clean and roomy. Tables are basic with all the essentials on the table, so no waiting for forks, spoons, chopsticks or sauces. Quite conveinent.Wait was long. It took about 1 hour for our food. But thats bc there was only 1 cook and 1 waitress for the 10 tables whuch were all occupied. I only saw vietnamese or chinese people eating here so it must be good. When we got our food. It was hot and super fresh. The pho had good proportions of meat, noodles and tripe/tendon. The noodles were perfect and the meat fresh and tender. But the broth was delicous. It was more sweet than most phos. But it was very very good. For downtown this is going to be my go to place for pho from now. It is the best in this area. It ranks higher than tau bay. Pork chop was really good too. It was tender and came with two large chops. Pretty sweet too but it tasted yummy. After a few bites it grew on you and the sweetness was welcoming. I had a taste of the duck soup and salad. It tasted different from most other places and seemed quite authentic to me. A definite must try next time. It was light and tasty. Despite the wait it was really good. Good enough for me not to minus a star. This place has topped the ranks of all vietnamese food in chinatown!!! Ill be back.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2014,11/17/2014,33,37,2,5,6>Having grown up around Winnipeg where the daily newspaper is The Winnipeg Free Press, I was automatically intrigued with this restaurant. A+ service - the waitress was super friendly, attentive, kind, helpful. Great service really stands out to me and this service was exactly what I desire. Good menu with something for everyone with appies, salads, burgers, sandwiches and dessert. Food was good - fast and tasty! Cute little patio right on 104 Street, just south of Jasper.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2014,11/16/2014,45,53,2,4,3>What can I say about Vi's for. Pies....it's become, a sample for me as it's right nearby my house.  Today I came down for lunch and noticed they have some new stuff on the menu. It's always changing hence the chalkboard menus!   Little know fact is they actually do a mean BBQ brisket. There is always a festive feel no matter what time of year. Currently they have Pumpkin Pie and Pumpkin cheesecake.  I couldn't decide on which so I went with both!  It was like thanksgiving in your mouth.  The desserts here are just awesome along with all the home made food.  I think it can best be described as going to your grandmothers for lunch. Always great comfort food with a sweet finish.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,11/15/2014,27,46,3,5,5>I had the opportunity to try Barre Body studio this long weekend through Yelp's Fit Club.  Walking into the studio I was immediately impressed with the look of the place.  They have a big change area/bathroom and a bunch of lockers to lock up your bags (complementary) too!  There are two studios for classes.  The class itself was a little bit different than I was expecting; I thought it'd be a lot more stretching than working with weights, balls and matwork.  But, holy moly this was a more intense work out than I thought it was. I'm really glad I was able to check it out!If you're looking for a different, women only work out I'd say you should definitely give this one a go!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,11/14/2014,33,66,2,7,6>While the line was out the door and we took our order "to go" to get back to work on time, it was well worth the trip!I opted for the "create your own" salad which allowed me the ultimate choice of taking the chipotle ranch dressing and leaving the corn salsa. (Okay, so maybe I'm a little picky, but this girl got what she wanted!) I was SUPER impressed with the fresh ingredients and the price of my salad...staff were efficient and friendly too. If this restaurant wasn't such a far drive from campus I would be in big trouble. Good thing it's pretty close to home, cause I'll be back for sure!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,11/13/2014,49,79,6,9,8>Nobody goes to a hotel for pizza in their own city. Nobody. Unless you live in a small town like Lloydminster and the only bar is in the hotel. I came here for a Yelp Event,  otherwise there would be NO WAY you could get me into a hotel restaurant for food. As a frequent traveller I can tell you most hotel food while pleasant is nothing to Yelp about.After trying the Stages Kitchen & Bar, I would 100% say with extreme Samsoness TM(don't try to steal my terms) that on the west end if you are looking for a thin crust pizza this is the place to go.I gave this 5 star review for 5 good reasons1. Great pizzas. They were perfectly cooked, crispy and I like their local ingredients. My personal favorite was the pepperoni one.  They actually bring a micro set of dipping sauces for each pizza. These are 9 inch pizzas and actually quite filling. I'm 205lbs and for me this would make a great lunch. Nom Nom Nom2.The staff. I had to double check that the servers we had were "real staff" that worked there all the time. Sometimes at events , restaurants bring in specially trained staff. Nope, our servers , which had a huge knowledge of the food and wine and pairings were all top notch. 3. Speed. My pizza's and drinks were refilled at the perfect times. No slow moving, oh did I have a table there, that you sometimes get in hotels.4.Cost. As a value conscious customer (Aka Cheapy Mcgee) I loved the fact that a pint and a pizza were $12.99! 5.Overall staff friendliness.  The Stages Kitchen is in the Double Tree , so you're eating inside a hotel, and all of the staff wandering around from the check in staff to wandering cleaners were all polite and pleasant as you would expect from this brand.What could they improve?The space while large and spacious, is just too large and spacious. You couldn't really find a comfortable nook or cranny to eat in. It feels a little too "hotel lobby"  which is a shame.  I know the restaurant is called Stages, but it really feels like it should be called Double Tree Lobby bar.Final thoughts?Overall, this place beats Famoso for thin crust pizza. So, if you want an organic, locally sourced, thin crust pizza on the west end, you've found it here at the Stages Kitchen & Bar. Come by for the pizza! Psst they also have Yellowhead Lager on tap which is my new favorite locally made beer.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2014,11/12/2014,42,86,4,11,5>The newest addition to the Mercer Building and the successor to the Roast Coffeehouse space, Rostizado opened its doors to the public on August 11th. The restaurant is the latest venture of the Tres Carnales trio: Daniel Braun, Chris Sills, and Edgar Gutierrez. While Tres Carnales has a brighter, more casual atmosphere, Rostizado is its grown-up counterpart. The modern Mexican rotisserie restaurant specializes in roasted meats offered in a classy, low-lit dining space. The eclectic Mexican touches are still there, but they sit amongst darker wood elements-a distinct difference from the bubbly, colourful Tres Carnales.I attended their VIP media event recently and everything was great. We sampled the albondigas, meatballs made from veal, pork, beef, and rice, tossed in tomato and warm chile de árbol salsa. One bite of these meatballs unveiled a variety of herbs to complement the meat, followed by a spicy sucker punch to tease those tastebuds. They were so good, I went back for seconds and had to stop myself from diving for thirds.The gorditas with pancita (braised pork belly) had a unique combination of savoury and plenty of lime, all tempered by the fluffy corn flour gordita. The queso fundido gave fungus-lovers the taste of wild mushrooms paired with smoked gouda, monterery jack cheese, poblano chile strips, and sauteed onions. For those who prefer subtle, rich flavours, this one's for you. Slow roasted and flavourful, the rosti puerco (roasted pork) slices sat atop a tortilla, paired with pickled red onion, avocado, and parsley.And the churros-oh, the churros. I would order this dessert in a heartbeat. The chefs served them up fresh, hot, and overflowing with sugar. The insides were still soft, though the exterior had been fried to a perfect, golden-brown crisp. Delicious, sweet, and well worth the third trip through the line.Rostizado has definitely raised the bar. I look forward to returning soon and trying one of their roasted meat platters, which are served with roasted potatoes and tortillas. Oh, the meats! The flavours!
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,11/11/2014,21,105,1,5,3>When you move to a new city, sometimes it can be hard to find a new salon that is the right fit. I had done quite a bit of research before settling on KoKo, which I felt would be my best option. When I'd called in, the earliest appointment that would work with my schedule was almost two weeks out - this is a good sign. As impatient as I can usually be, I forced myself to wait the the week to get in here, rather than going somewhere else to get in right away. I am so glad that I found out about KoKo, it was worth the wait and this will be my Edmonton salon going forward. The husband and wife team (Roshan & Alann) have done a great job at creating a warm, clean, modern, and comfortable salon. From the moment I walked in and was greeted by a personalized welcome message at the front desk, to the moment I was leaving with a perfect cut and color plus gift box, the service and care were terrific. You can tell that they like what they do, and that they care about the customers and the entire experience. Both Alann and Roshan took the time to talk to me, look at some of my inspiration pics and discuss my budget (I knew it would be more than the cuts and coloring I'd had done in Halifax, and I wanted to be able to tip). They know hair and know what will work for each individual. You can feel comfortable giving them creative freedom and I am confident you will love the results. The conversations were great,  time flew by quickly, and I am incredibly happy with  how it turned out. It's worth it to get your hair done by the best in the city and to pay a little more for quality and skill. They have won multiple awards for their work plus they teach. I am going to try harder to get in on a more regular bases rather than my usual six months between cuts and color. I am also a huge fan of their big dog, who is a rescue. Overall, great people and a great place.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,11/10/2014,82,54,2,4,3>This place is all about the fried chicken. It definitely puts KFC to shame and is worth the drive to the south side.Still trying to get into the sweet and hot sauce - while it tastes pretty good, it can be overwhelming. Would recommend getting it on the side rather than all over the chicken.Fries are OK.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,11/9/2014,11,89,1,4,6>I love the idea of a board game cafe! Table Top Cafe is really well executed. They've got a huge selection to play and they don't seem to mind if your group gets a little rowdy and loud. They also have a nifty tab system so that your party can each individually settle their bills at the end of the night. There is a flat entrance rate of $5 per person, but that lets you play for as long as you'd like. The food and drinks are reasonably priced and taste fine. When I went, I expected it to be a walk-in kind of affair but I actually had to leave my name on a waiting list. They told me that once a spot opened they would call and I have as long as I needed to get there. My wait was around an hour, which wasn't terrible. But if you don't like waiting around I'd suggest calling in and making a reservation. It's an awesome place with a fun atmosphere to go with friends for a cheap night out!
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,11/8/2014,135,69,1,5,5>Beautiful historical government assembly building! I try to do a tour at least once a year. I have been coming here since I was a teenager. Brought my Girl Guide troop annually.Be sure to sign up for one of their very interesting tours. Kids enjoy it too! Find the spot up on the third floor where anything you say is heard in another spot on the main floor. Find the spot on the main floor where you can hear invisible, non-existent waterfalls! (Or is it the water fountains outside?)Find out about Alberta's very interesting government history.Come for a visit during the Christmas season to enjoy the beautiful floral decorations & trees. Take a stroll around the huge grounds, picnic by the water fountains or even splash around in them!Great place to visit!
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2014,11/7/2014,50,288,1,6,8>I'm reviewing The City of Edmonton as someone who has lived there, and as someone who has not. I also know there are causes for concern in Edmonton and there are big ways Edmonton could improve (hence why its not a perfect 5 star review). First let's focus on some of the things I love about Edmonton. 1. Theatre - It might not be Broadway, but Edmonton has a vibrant and amazing theatre community. There's always a show of some kind going on whether its improv, dinner theatre, a play, a ballet, opera, a musical, or any other kind of theatre. 2. Festivals - Related to point number 1 my favourite festival in Edmonton is the Edmonton International Fringe Festival (the 2nd biggest Fringe Fest in the world), but if that's not your cup of tea there are plenty of other festivals in Edmonton. Taste of Edmonton, Heritage Festival, Street Performers, The Edmonton International Film Festival, Ice on Whyte...and that's just a handful of the festivals you'll find here. 3. Food - I don't know how I would rate Edmonton's fine dining scene, because to be honest those aren't the kinds of restaurants I gravitate to (my wallet usually dictates something more modest). I can say Edmonton has a great local and growing foodie scene. There are new and locally run and owned restaurants popping all over the city.  There are also some great farmer's markets, with The Old Strathcona running year round. Hurray for local food all year. 4. The seasons - Winter overstays its welcome (at least in my opinion), but I do love having 4 seasons. Spring can be rather short, but is lovely. I love summer and everyone in the city takes advantage of this season. Autumn might just be my favourite season in Edmonton. The trees in the river valley look so pretty in autumn. 5. There's a lot to do here - It makes me sad and a little angry (sangry?) when tourist books focus just on West Edmonton Mall. Yeah it's great, but there's also Fort Edmonton Park, The Muttart, Telus World of Science, and a ton of other things to do in Edmonton. 6. Lot's to do close by - if you don't want stay in Edmonton there are lots of great things to see, some within an hour drive of the city, like Elk Island Park, or the Devonian Botanical Gardens. If the time is right you can check Aurora Watch (aurorawatch.ca), take a drive outside the city and even see the Northern Lights.7. Community - Edmonton has a great sense of community in the city, and in smaller neighborhoods. Like did you know most Saturday mornings you can go to the Parkdale-Cromdale Community and get free guitar lessons? Sebastian Barrera moved to Edmonton from Chile several years ago and started a program called Creart (facebook.com/creart.edmo…) with a goal to help connect people in his neighborhood with art and music. That's just one person in Edmonton, but I'm sure there are many others working in the city and their neighborhoods to make things better. 8. Edmonton Public Library - give a free library card to all residents, and local University students. They have several branches in the city. You can get books, DVDs, CDs, video games, etc. Plus you can return your items at any EPL branch. There are also different events and programs that happen at the EPL.9. Navigation - While there are some named roads most are either major roads (Henday, Whitemud, Yellowhead, etc) or are in newer suburbs. Navigating Edmonton is pretty easy - streets run north and south (higher number streets being further west), and avenues run east and west (higher avenues being further north). Edmonton has expanded a bit and is going a bit more into quadrants, which could cause some confusion, but still I've always been able to find my way around the city. There are probably more things to love about Edmonton, but those are a few of my favorites. And yes there are things I don't like about Edmonton. Things like the potholes on the road and the constant construction. Or building roadways in the city to deal with the expanding population, but then not doing a good job installing said roadways and needing to repave them a short time later. Housing prices are insane, and rent is high too (vacancy rates are some of the lowest in the country). There is crime, and sometimes it isn't pretty, but like Kristen points out there are many people working to revitalize certain neighborhoods. Reviewer Joanna had some harsh words to say about Edmonton, but I don't disagree with her saying that there are problems in the city, but that review is two years old and I hope that there has been change or at least some progress with some of the issues she was referring to. Finally winter in Edmonton can be brutal, but the city has seen harsh winters and are prepared for it (many cities who dealt with the polar vortex of last year's winters were completely unprepared for the snow and cold temperature). So Edmonton you're not perfect, but I think you're doing pretty well.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2014,11/6/2014,353,217,4,8,3>I dropped in on a Wednesday evening after seeing how bumpin' this place was earlier at lunch. I love seeing a hot new place open up Downtown YEG! And Rocky Mountain Icehouse is pretty sweet!The decor inside is trendy and welcoming. It's quite large with lots of seating, and even a small patio out front. All of the hooks in the bathroom and under the bar are made of forks which I thought was cute. What is an Icehouse? They explain it on their menu but I had too much fun (and alcohol) to remember how they got the name... Oops! But how can that be a bad thing?Our server was friendly. The food was great (they do full chicken wings, not just the little winglets-- you don't see that often!)... And the drinks were plenty.They have their kegs on display behind the bar in some kind of window box... But it isn't finished yet! Still under construction? Stoked to see the finished product!I think Rocky Mountain will be one of my new favourite places to meet up with friends Downtown. Can't wait to see how they do!
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2014,11/5/2014,54,92,1,4,5>As I am sure you can tell, "Gastro Pubs" are one of my favourite places to visit.   I am a bit of a beer snob, I would like to be MORE of a beer snob someday. (Of the non-pretentious variety) Beer goes great with food, just the same as wine, only you don't need a sommelier to pour it for you.  The Pourhouse always has a rotating selection of taps and bottles as well as a regular selection.  The beer are all listed by flavour profile, which makes it easier for the non beer drinkers.Ok, now that you know you can go to Pourhouse for a great brew, let's talk about BurlyChef Lager... Pourhouse's heart belongs to Chef Daniel Huber.  No, he isn't the only one that brings the Pourhouse to YEG, but he is the flavour creator.  He wanted to bring a "normal" beer to Pourhouse, like the one Dad used to drink when they were BBQ'ing.  Before your start grumbling and complaining about the brewery he chose, please note that he did try the "local" breweries and they were not able to give him the flavour profile that he was looking for.  Labbatt's brews "Burly Chef Lager" for the Pourhouse.  It is a nice, light lager that goes with anything that the menu has to offer for food.  For the entire month of August, $1 per pint will be donated to the Bissell Centre to help them with the rebuilding of the "Thrift Shoppe" after the two devastating fires.So on to the food... The Pourhouse isn't just for beer.  They have a great selection of food for you to choose from on their new menu\As you can see from the photo, there are vegan and vegetarian options, as well as some gluten free items.  All diet bases are covered!  The menu isn't overloaded with choices either.  It is one easy to navigate page, instead of a 50 page novel.I brought out a few members of my foodie team.  Many thanks to Jocelyn (@kareokequeen11) and Michael (@MaximMicheal).  It is always easier to cover a menu better with a little help from your friends!You really need to start off with a plate of house made pretzels;Garlic butter, rock salt, sriracha cheese sauce and mustard aioli.  These are just perfect to start getting those taste-buds prepared for what is coming up.  A little salty, a little spicy and a little tangy.It took us all a while to decide on what we wanted to eat.  My husband and I had sampled some of the menu on a previous visit and we both wanted to try something that we hadn't had before.  I am rather obsessed with bacon so I chose "The Bacon Wrapped Splitter"That is a Coney Island Hotdog!! Wrapped in Bacon, then topped with smoked cheddar and roasted garlic aioli.  You get your choice of sides, I chose the handmade Macaroni Salad.  The Macaroni Salad has some nice heat to it and is topped with crumbled bacon and full of chunks of cheddar cheese.  This was just all kinds of delicious.  I crave a good hotdog every now and again.  This one is crave-worthy!My husband was in the mood for steak; Pourhouse Steak SandwichThis is listed as an appetizer??  Dry aged, smoked grade AAA hand cut striploin with Bleu Cheese butter.  Again, comes with your choice of side.  My husband chose the "Ginger Bistro Salad".  The portion size is generous, bigger than a lot of gastro-pubs we have tried.  The steak was a little over-done for a medium rare, but still juicy and delicious.  He commented that the bread that the steak was served on was absolutely delicious, usually it is forgettable.The Ginger Bistro Salad my husband just loved.  It was nice and refreshing.Jocelyn decided that she really didn't want anything heavy so she just stuck with an appetizer.  She had the Lobster Lager Dip.Beer braised lobster chunks and four cheese dip served with endless crostini.  I was glad to hear that the crostini is hand made for each batch.  Jocelyn let me have a taste of this one.  It is just wonderful stuff!  I definitely wouldn't call it light!  Perfect for sharing.  To me, this is comfort food at its finest.Michael decided that he wanted to try the star of the menu.  Behold, the Ramen Burger. (See photo below)The Burly Chef made a few attempts at this trendy gem before he got a version that was worthy of the Pourhouse.  Umami burger, sriracha mayo, ramen bun, arugula, and American Chedder.  The pork patty is just the right combination of spices.  The sriracha mayo gives it just enough kick... The ramen bun is crispy enough to keep it all together and just like that bowl of ramen that we all know and love.  Pourhouse is the only place in Edmonton that you will find one of these delicious creations, and only for a limited time.  Get them while you can!Why do I love Pourhouse so much?  When you support local businesses like Pourhouse, you also support local charities like YESS.org and Bissell Centre.  Chef Daniel and the rest of the crew at Pourhouse like to give back to their community.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,11/3/2014,24,72,4,6,7>Boy do I love the SPCA. It really finalized it today when I unfortunately had to bring in a stray kitty that's been hanging out it my yard the last week. ( I would have kept him but my house is stating to feel like a zoo) . And they were very compassionate, even with the amount of kitties they get in every day. I come here probably about once a week. To adopt animals? No. I come here to enjoy the cats and play with the dogs. My kids love just spending time with the animals, even if we can't take one home. You can feel the animals appreciate the attention.  I feel like this place is probably one of the best organizations along with the stollery . Both places have a huge part in my heart. :)
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2014,11/2/2014,40,145,1,4,4>"What do you want to order more of?""...MEAT"That pretty much sums up how a dinner of four went. Unlike its sister/brother right next door (Next Act Pub), the walls are quite stark white with deep blue tiles and polished cement floors. Kinda makes you feel like you're in a kitchen/mess hall. I would best describe it as less character compared to Pub but that's not necessarily a detracting thing. There's just no abundance of art or retro movies for you to stare at.Everything is wide open. The tables have no physical partitions unless you count the row of sauce on the table differentiating you from the next group of four beside you. I think this is what made me think of a military type mess hall!Fresh off the heels of ribfest at Kdays (Boss's Hog ribs were simply amazing) the first thing I wanted to sink my teeth into were ribs. Outcries of vegetarian discrimination were made vocal by our friends and her protests were quickly appeased by the delectable vegetarian sides offered.We decided to go with a full rack of ribs, half order of brisket, half order of pulled pork, full side of filler sustenance - er - i mean brussel sprouts, half order of coleslaw and a half order of beans. In all seriousness though, the brussel sprouts were actually very good. They were shredded and fried thoroughly ensuring it wasn't too dried out or oily. Piping hot and flavors that you don't expect, I thought the sprouts held their own quite well against the meat. The portions for the large was actually quite big. It was very assuring to see thought and earnest put into the other non-meat dishes. The 'slaw was fresh and didn't feel creamy at all. And the beans! Oink my gosh, it was like eating chilli, it was that flavorful.In regards to the meat, the ribs were very good. I like mine a little more sauced out and juicier but since they were going for a dry rib approach you can't simply compare. A full rack would not feed four but luckily enough we had the brisket and pulled pork. Although the pulled pork didn't quite stand out, it had enough tenderness and taste of a Ryan Gosling romantic drama. You will always love Ryan Gosling but the movie wasn't a stand out tell your friends about. The brisket on the other hand was very moist and soft. It had a nice savory kick on the charred outside that went deliciously well with the sauces at your disposal. The sauces were bourbon, cherry, spicy, and mustard. You can't get intoxicated off the bourbon, but you can make no mistake it has that sweet sweet taste of bourbon gold when it tangoes with your brisket.Prices weren't too bad and I would definitely recommend eating here than say Pampas. You'll be overdosing on protein at both joints and at least you'll save some money eating here if you want to lose the fine white table cloth dining with servers calling you sir. Come to MEAT if you just like your meat on a tray and don't mind digging in with your hands.At the end of that, we wanted more meat and ordered an apple glazed half chicken. Also good.TL;DR - reasonably priced, open seated meat experience where the brisket's great and the sides too.Pro tip - Make reservations! It gets packed!
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2014,11/1/2014,28,93,3,4,3>Outdoors in the beautiful days of late spring summer and fall, indoors for those "other" months at City Hall!I can find ALL my grocery needs here, and locally supplied. Every kind of meat: Elk, Pork, Fowl (chicken, turkey, duck etc), eggs, Beef, and even Fish (fresh and frozen) . Fruit and veggies both local and near (BC).I can meet my farmers, talk with them-heck once a year there's an open house to visit their farms-but some have an open invite.Veggies galore!! Everything under the sun! From mushrooms to exotic greens, organic and almost. Every fall it's bursting with abundance, rainbows of beets and carrots, onions, cabbages and cauliflowers of incredible variety. I get my flat cabbages here to make my cabbage rolls. Spectacular quality. No, it's not bargain basement prices, but comparable to the stores but fresher!!  Fudge! Popcorn! Gelato! Baked goods...there is every possible variety of booths. The managers of the market work diligently to make sure to balance the wares and ensure quality vendors so there's something for everyone.Local Designers and their wares, jewelry, baby snuggies, beautiful hand made cutting boards, cat trees...endless assortment of goods.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,10/31/2014,24,122,1,5,5>As a university student, Upper Crust Café was one of my favorite stops for a group lunch or a quiet dinner with friends.  I had all but forgotten about it until last Friday when I was out and about on a day off and looking for a late lunch.  In the few years since I had been, nothing has changed.  Upper Crust is wonderful, both in terms of atmosphere and food.  There are many windows in the café, making it light and bright throughout.  There are nice touches like rolled hand towels in the bathroom instead of paper towels or dryers, and local art is displayed on the walls.  I am a huge fan of the food at Upper Crust.  Both the sandwiches and entrees are great, but I love a sandwich with potato salad. The turkey sandwich I had most recently was exceptional, with fresh ingredients and a perfect proportion of meat to other toppings.  It is so refreshing to visit a restaurant with no deep fried food for a change! Desserts are also available for takeout at the door, and after our meal last week we bought pie and cake to have with our dinner later.   Both were delicious, and worth the wait.  I recall many years ago that their sticky toffee pudding was voted best in the city, and based on the comments I heard at tables around me, it is still top notch.  Definitely one of the better restaurants in the city!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2014,10/30/2014,187,341,1,7,5>Drive-in's like these are so rare around here, so I get really excited when I see one and get to try it out. I'm not out this way very often, but whenever I visit friends in Spruce Grove I try to swing by Jack's. It's a classic drive-in that is pretty small on the inside with just a couple of tables and a couple of stools, and several tables outside. There is also ample parking so you can eat in your car if you so choose. Staff are super friendly, 50s tunes are playing, and Elvis and Marilyn are painted on the wall. Burgers are good - not outstanding but certainly good. Small order of fries was plentiful and overflowing. I tried a ROASTED COCONUT DIPPED CONE and my mind was blown. So delicious. They have some other stuff on the menu like poutine, chicken fingers and, oddly, perogies, so I want to try something different each time I go.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,10/29/2014,6,86,3,3,3>I was very excited to try this place. a beautiful atmosphere and smells amazing! half the fun is in watching the bar tenders show off their skills. this is real bartending done the way it should. more like an art then a job. I had the bourbon sour and the violet fizz. both done perfectly the service was great and the staff knowledgeable. awesome selection. can't wait to come back and try the food
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2014,10/28/2014,45,119,2,7,4>This is all you need to know:- Really tasty sandwiches - Big enough for lunch - Only costs $4- I'm going back
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2014,10/27/2014,114,46,5,7,5>My wife had mentioned to me how much I needed to find a way to shut my brain off for a bit and reboot. My reply was "that's what I do when I sleep" but then she pointed out how little I sleep and how even when I do it is quite often a broken sleep. "No worries" I said, "I have been doing this for 46 years why would I need to change it now"She suggested something called floating, I told her "honey, you know drugs are not my thing' knowing full well that was not what she meant. This summer she had taken a month and dedicated it to try different things such as exercises, massages, therapies of all kinds in a search for what worked for her. One of the things she found was something called Float Therapy. It sounds odd doesn't it. They put you into a tank filled with water that is loaded with Epsom Salt and you close the lid on yourself for 90 minutes. This to me sounded insane, not that you would close yourself in a water filled coffin, but more that you would willingly give up 90 minutes of your life like that! Turns out there is actual science behind this, it's not all voodoo smoke and mirrors stuff. Regular flotation tank sessions can relieve chronic stress-related ailments. Conditions such as anxiety, stress, depression and fibromyalgia will find noticeable improvements. I know how stressful my wife's job can be and I figured if this is what she recommended to me after all the research she had done I would be a fool not to at least try it. So I went to this place in Sherwood Park we have called Float Wellness to try for myself and see what it's about. Well, as she is more often than not, she was right (don't tell her that). My experience at first was that of mass confusion not knowing how to relax was a huge deficit to me here. But time was on my side, about 10 minutes in I found myself actually tuning out, I had no place to be, I had no work to do, I did not even have a my iPhone to use, talk about torture. Turns out it wasn't torture at all but rather a feeling of calmness. I was not feeling the need to message or tweet or make a post on Facebook, it was just me alone with nothing to do. The lack of stimulation is exactly what the doctor ordered. I would recommend this for anyone out there who struggles with letting things go, take a float you won't regret it. The recharge will open your mind even clearer than it was before.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,10/26/2014,31,124,2,5,4>I love the Little Village Food Truck. It's one of the few eateries (either stationary or mobile) that I know I can get delicious food and great service every single time.They have the Greek classics like roast lamb and lemon potatoes, and not-so-classic items like the Kefteddy burger and homemade Eatmore bars.In addition to their lunch service, they are usually at the 124 street market on Thursday evenings where they also serve saganaki (deep fried cheese on a stick). If you're feeling adventurous, throw caution to the wind and treat yourself to an off-menu Greek poutine. It's lemon potatoes topped with roast lamb, saganaki and tzatziki. You can thank me later.If that's not enough, in addition to the food, the service is some of the friendliest in town. Theo and Kristin are always smiling and seem genuinely happy to see you.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,10/25/2014,292,404,1,7,5>Jacek has been a well known high quality, melt-in-your-mouth chocolatier from Sherwood Park for a few years and is now in Edmonton. A cozy boutique on the street with the best boutiques, the 4th street promenade. I was blown away by the Gin 'n tonic truffle. Delicious notes of juniper in this truffle. I am a little biased though, since I love gin. The Chartreuse truffle was also quite delicious, with a bold, roasted pistachio paste in the centre. However, I expected it to have more crunch, perhaps because it's a nut. It was still masterfully executed. The 91% cocoa glow bar is spectacular. Really smooth for a high cocoa chocolate, the ginger plays a respectful role in the balance of the flavours, while the kick of red chilli flakes spice at the end just gives it a bit of that swoon factor. Great location, perfect size for a boutique shop and I imagine my Farmers market Credo coffees to be well complemented by their truffles for years to come.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,10/24/2014,35,101,3,3,3>There are certain terms that I don't like to use to describe myself - "expert", "master", 'living god", but when it comes to paintball, I'm content to describe myself as an avid enthusiast.Being an avid enthusiast, I tend to have a critical eye when it comes to paintball facilities.  I usually go out of my way to find some sort of fault with them, just so I can sit back and bask in smug superiority.Not the case here.  I found the staff to be friendly, knowledgeable, and eerily helpful.  I say eerily because 3 of them leapt into action to find an air tank for me when they discovered that mine had expired.The two separate playing fields were well maintained, and set up so as to provide a fun, yet challenging game environment.  Whether you're an expert masterful living god of paintball like me, or just a beginner, the Edmonton Paintball Center will not disappoint you.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,10/23/2014,56,221,4,3,3>Well if you need a dental clinic with hours this is the place. They are open 7 days a week which is great cause it caters to your schedule. My understanding is there is a group of dentists that work out of there so even if you are available one day and your dentist isn't there is one who can quickly fill in. They have miniature tvs in the ceiling allowing you to pay attention to that and hardly notice your getting work done. I had a root canal done at 10 am on a Sunday, no one believed me that I had a dentist apt at that time, but it was true. After my visits my mouth felt fine, not like some other dentists where I walk out and feel like the dentist from Little Shop of Horrors just butchered me. They email me my receipts which is great, cant lose those. I'm not sure if there's a set price across the board with all dentists on price but my visits here were reasonable and they accepted my insurance ASAP, which subtracted from the total bill right there.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2014,10/22/2014,7,2,6,8,7>After many many months of craving for a good meat pie like i use to have back home (downuder)My partner found south island pie co. We started off with an order of 6 pies, delivered right to our door. Cooked 4 up straight away and in that first bite i thought i was home. After we followed up with an order of 24 pies, which speakes for itself how much i was in love. Great variety of pies all as delicious as the next. And i am able to slowly introduce more and more canadians to the delightful treat!Thank you south island pie co for my pies!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2014,10/21/2014,142,114,6,12,9>I can't believe I didn't check out good buddy sooner! My family and I always drive into the city for dim sum on weekends, but now that we've found this place in the park I doubt we will drive to the city again.The main difference between good buddy and more traditional dim sum places is that there are no carts at good buddy, everything is off the menu.The menu has all of the standard offerings like su Mai and lotus leaf wrapped rice.  My personal favorite is deep fried squid and it was well represented. We didn't order a single thing that wasn't awesome.The food all came fast and at a nice pace as opposed to all at once which was nice.The servers were very attentive and consistently returned to clear plates, fill waters and check on us. My personal highlight of the meal was at the end when everyone takes turns guessing the amount of the bill. Our low guess was $89 and our high guess was $104. For dim sum for 6 people, it only came to $69!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,10/20/2014,6,48,1,4,3>I'm not a huge video game player, but out of the places I've been to, this one's the best. It's my #1 choice to go to when I want a new game; the prices are pretty good & the staff are friendly. Plus, they have a good selection- like this one time, my friend had been searching for some rare game on ebay & whatnot- I can't remember the name, but he really had a good look around for it. I gave this place a call & they had it, for a rather reasonable price too :)
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2014,10/19/2014,30,96,5,8,6>The service here sucks.  Always has.  But the food is so ridiculously good that I don't care.  If you order anything other than soup (spring rolls, or green onion cakes etc..) it will arrive AFTER your soup and you'll likely be too full to eat it.  And if you ask for a glass of water you probably won't get it for 10 minutes.  But they're quick to take your food order and bring you a pot of tea, and that's all I really need.This is my #1 choice for Pho and has been for many years.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,10/18/2014,187,427,5,11,9>I've heard nothing but great things about how this one if the best dog parks in the city. However, did you know it has some pretty wicked mountain biking trails? I've just started to get into biking and my friends took me here to dirty up my new mountain bike. There are some very cool trails here with a wide range of terrane. The range is from neatly trimmed, clear paths to ones with a plethora of roots on the surface. At times I felt like I was a plinko chip on the Price is Right.Also there are some very beautiful views of the river here. It provides a wonderful rest opportunity from riding to enjoy the view. The mosquitos can be crazy here so bathing in off or deep wood is recommended. The reward is, however, a nice and sometimes wild mountain bike trails with some nice views of the river.Couldn't think of a better place for a first time mountain biking excursion in the city.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,10/17/2014,19,47,4,4,4>Ever since my old Donair go to closed, this has become my new have.  You haven't lived until you try their mixed Donair, consisting of both chicken and beef.  How did I ever survive until the age of 43 without trying this marvellous concoction. Best Donair in St. Albert, bar none.I also recommend their Donair poutine.  They use crinkle fries which keep them crunchy unlike joints that microwave their fries to soften the cheese.I double dog dare you to try the large Donair and leave hungry.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2014,10/16/2014,31,151,2,4,3>I have not been there to personally use their services, but I attended a friend's 4D ultrasound there which was really cool. Professional service and they can even real-time the ultrasound for people who can't attend the sessions at the spa.For those new moms who like to have an occasional drink but don't want to pass the alcohol onto the baby - the spa sells these really neat breast milk alcohol testing strips. My friend says they are quite accurate - so helpful for figuring out how long to wait before breast-feeding the little one!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,10/15/2014,25,260,1,4,2>Everything seems to come in thirds for me. Twice, I was in the area and stopped to see if Evoolution was open. Twice I was denied entry and had to resort to peering through the window (ja you's a window shopper). If you get the reference, we should most definitely be friends.Anyways, third time was the charm (although we made it with only half an hour to spare). We walked in and were greeted by a super friendly, easygoing evoo worker. Seriously, so nice - she explained a few things, made a few recommendations based on what I was looking for and then let us go to town on the sampling. I tasted a reasonable amount (reasonable being a loose term) of olive oil and balsamic vinaigrettes. A few that stood out for me: Tuscan herb, garlic, and the cranberry pear balsamic. So good. They come in three sizes (200ml - $13, 375ml - $19 and 750ml - $31). I ended up picking up a Tuscan herb evoo bottle ($19) and tried it in a salad dressing I made. Awesome! Very cool, chic spot - hit it up if you are looking for something to spruce up your salads/chicken/dinners! They even have these little 6 bottle samples ($36) that would be a great gift.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2014,10/14/2014,49,256,,5,5>My husband and I went here one night a while ago without any idea about what the place was like. It was explained to us that the plates were designed to be shared, and between two people 3-4 plates should be ordered. It was also explained that the dishes would not all come out at once. We ended up ordering smoked olives, the onion and oka tart, potatoes with spicy mayo, another potato dish (some kind of poutine?) that my husband ate which I don't remember. Typically my husband and I like very different food, so despite attempting to order things we would both like the whole sharing aspect just didn't work for us. It was also evident while we were eating that we ordered WAY too much food, even though we stuck to the recommended amount. I think if we ordered separately we would have ordered a lot less. That being said, the food I did enjoy was really amazing and I left satisfied.The place is in my opinion on the pricey side and since there is no guarantee that my hubby and I can order two separate things and eat them together I haven't returned. I would, however, recommend the restaurant, as the food was quite good and it seemed as though a lot of care went into designing the dishes.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,10/13/2014,14,108,2,5,3>You Gotta Eat Here!Rockin' Robyn's is a 1950's-style diner in the same vein as Johnny Rockets as far as the décor and the menu are concerned. What separates this restaurant from other '50s throwback establishments is its atmosphere. Rockin' Robyn's is casual, laidback, and quiet compared to the high energy vibe that places like Johnny Rockets or Ruby's DIner put out.The menu is pretty straightforward--fries, burgers, malts, and sandwiches. All entrees come served with your choice of soup, salad, or fries (hand cut or crinkle cut). I got the steak sandwich with crinkle cut fries. The food was served fairly quick, within 15--20 minutes. The proportions were very generous, I got a tonne of fries. Most restaurants (Red Robin) only give you a small handful of fries and require you to hand over your first-born child if you want a refill. I ordered a Coke to drink and get this--they brought me an actual can of Coke. No watered-down fountain pop here. They also bring you a glass with some ice in case you're can-a-phobic. (Which apparently, a lot of people are. My grandmother is one of them.) The service was super-friendly, polite and prompt. There were two waitresses working the day that my wife and I were there. They both greeted us like we were old friends and each one checked on us a few times during our meal to see if we needed anything else.The walls are covered with framed photos of old Hollywood-era celebrities and music memorabilia. These make for great conversation pieces during the short time that you're waiting for your food. We sat next to the pic of Paul Newman touching his crotch.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,10/12/2014,34,76,2,5,5>The thing I love most about Vinomania is when you ask a question, or for a recommendation, you get an intelligent and knowledgeable answer in response. The staff really knows their stuff and help you decide what wine would be best for you, not just what they want to sell you. I often go in with just a vague description of what I like and don't like since my wine knowledge is limited at best, and they always give me a few options that would work for me in more than one price range. Anything that makes buying wine less confusing for me is a good thing in my books. They've got a good selection of interesting craft beers too... more than most liquor stores in the Oliver area, I'd say. It's where I go when I want to take a more unique 6-pack of something to a party. I'd highly recommend signing up for the membership program, which is a one time fee of $12, but gives you a 5% discount on all your purchases.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,10/10/2014,24,223,2,6,4>Oh Jordan... Where do I even begin? Over a year later, people are still talking about our wedding, that should tell you something. Jordan was able to take my scatter-brained ideas and turn them into a cohesive, perfect day. He never balked when we wanted to incorporate cartoons, comic books, 1950s fashion... Whatever we threw at him, he was on board with. Jordan has an eye for detail that can make any space, and I mean any space, feel amazing. Our reception venue was a huge, empty hangar. It didn't look like much, but when Jordan and his team were done with it, it looked incredible. It's not often that a wedding goes off without anything going wrong, but ours did. I would never hesitate to recommend Jordan to anyone looking for wedding coordination on any level.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,10/9/2014,54,38,3,4,4>I remember coming to this hotel in 2012 for business breakfast meetings and it was still during their renovations. I had forgotten about it until I saw the new sales person, Michael Alagachandra, at another event. He encouraged our admin coordinator and I to come check out the hotel now that the renos had been completed. What we found was absolutely incredible! This hotel is nestled in an industrial area of Edmonton, but that gives quick access to Anthony Henday, Sherwood Park Freeway, and downtown is about a ten minute drive. The rooms was spectacular. I've recently done tours at the Delta, and these rooms are right up for there for design and quality. Just amazing. The lunch was absolutely incredible. Michael invited the chef, Chef Indie, to join us and say hello. The chicken lunch was beautiful, and then came the dessert - this absolutely, mouth-watering, soft and creamy, delicious cheesecake that cleared my memory of all cheesecakes before this one. After this hotel tour, I have now changed my wedding room block to the Edmonton Hotel and I anticipate leaving another great review in August. Thank you!
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,10/8/2014,4,5,1,3,2>I experienced some very good customer service here from what appeared to be the owners. They made a great recommendation for me as it was my first visit to their joint. Service was quick. I enjoyed a donair and fries which were just fine. A great place to pop in if you're working in the area and need to eat.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,10/7/2014,0,8,1,3,1>This is a hidden gem and we have been a few times. First the good points...fresh ground beef, fresh baked soft buns and a great choice of burgers...the burgers are listed with the topping so if you like to build your own you may not like this place...if you like different toppings and unique combos you should be very happy! Choices range from the $7 regular type burger, to ones with flair like the $8 Inferno - w/ jalapeños, cheese + banana pepper marmalade...$9 Quebecer - w/ fries, cheese curds, gravy + buttermilk ranch, (yes this is fries on the burger not on the side)...$9 BBQ Crunch - w/ bacon, cheese, potato chips + orange soda BBQ sauce...$8 All Shook Up - Beef, bacon + peanut butter, Elvis would be happy with this one!They even have gluten free, food for the young ones, floats, and $5 16oz shakes.The shake flavors are not common, l had the Cap'n Crunch with Nutella, this tasted like a Ferrero Rocher, it even had some Cap'n Crunch sprinkled on the top, brings back childhood memories. The down side is this place is small and busy, every time we go we have a bit of a wait...we went last night and got there just before the rush, when we got our food the wait was about 30 min out the door. Because of the small size of the place and the fresh meat they sometimes run out of burgers! Once we got the last 2 burgers they had. They have outdoor seats now too so it gives a place to sit, kick back, relax and wait for your food. If you are not in a hurry and want to order and then go for a walk its downtown so you can take a stroll in the heart of St. Albert. The staff are great and bring the food to your table after you order. Well worth the wait and a nice place to chill at. Will we go back, you bet, l have other shake flavors to try. Enjoy! I added the website so you can see for yourselfjacksburgershack.ca
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,10/6/2014,0,7,2,2,1>Auto Obsessed is the best car detailing company in Edmonton. I spend a lot of time in my car (BMW M3) and a clean interior and shiny exterior is very important to me. Troy and his Auto Obsessed team have helped me get the products (and detailing techniques) I need to make my car look, feel and smell AWESOME. I enjoy my car more now than when I first got it. Thank you Troy and thank you Auto Obsessed. 5-star rating for sure!!
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,10/5/2014,4,7,4,5,3>Soooo good! Totally worth the drive no matter what part of the city you're coming from. Brisket is the best I've had in the city so far, and the sides are awesome. Don't muddy up the awesome glacier by putting the meat Ina bun, go all carnivore on it and eat it straight. The sauce is wicked and totally homemade. Pulled pork is juicy tender and super filling. All the sides are fantastic too. I could each an entire loaf of the cornbread and the pickles are not too spit but enough pucker to complement the sweet sauce.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,10/4/2014,24,65,3,6,5>Best park EVER - I feel so fortunate to have this little paradise right here in St Albert!The Spray Park is a child's wonderland - three large areas for different ages/stages, ample washrooms including one for families, lots of seating including shaded areas, a snack bar with hot and cold treats, a first aid station for those inevitable spills, grassy areas for picnicking, and so much space it never feels crowded.  Your child will instantly make new friends with lots of giggles.  We love to take along a bunch of squirt guns, buckets, pump sprays, etc. from the dollar store and share.   Right next door, figuratively speaking, is a great playground area with one of those spongy rubber "floors" that cushion falls and are kind to bare feet.  Again, lots of different apparatus aimed at all ages - let your kids dry off here before loading them in the car.  Between the water, climbing, and sunshine, you may get them to nap or fall asleep early, a no-charge bonus!Consider having your young one's birthday party here - we've done two and they were smashing successes.  You can bring in your own food, decorations, etc, come early to claim a couple tables or area in the grass, and let the kids be kids.  Love watching the skate park just a bit away - gosh, there's some real talent out there - some FEARLESS talent  :-DAll in all, a wonderful way to spend the day.  Dress for wet, even if you don't expect to indulge initially, because you'll find it hard to resist joining your happy children and they'll love splashing you.  And don't forget the sunscreen!!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,10/3/2014,130,261,4,4,6>Just to update you folks, Ponytails and Horseshoes has also added Neuma products to their line, which are vegan and cruelty free as well. This is what my hairdresser used on my hairs last time. I have not had my hair coloured here yet so am not sure what product line they use for hair colour, but as far as coming in for a shiny, beautiful, cruelty free cut, I feel as though P+H has my back! They also offer $5 bang trims (and I believe that $5 is donated to charity) between cuts, and I just went for one yesterday which will tide me over until September!LUV U PONYTAILS + HORSESHOES!!!!
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2014,10/2/2014,35,96,2,6,3>With all the renos we've been doing, new carpet had to be put in on the entire upstairs and the stairway.  After shopping around and getting a few quotes, we realized that the same carpet is going to cost roughly the same amount at any place you go.  As for pricing, one place isn't going to be much better than the next, so it comes down to how good the contractor is who does the installation.  The carpet is what it is, but how it is installed can make all the difference.We finally decided on BFC because they gave us solid dates for installation and a solid guarantee that we would be satisfied with how the work was done.  In the end, we were quite happy with the installation.  Our complicated staricase looked fine (that was our biggest concern) and the worker did a nice job of cleaning up after he was done - a two day job.  What I can't believe is that this guy did the entire job by himself(!?!?).  I wasn't home, so I didn't see how he hauled those giant rolls of carpet up a flight of stairs, and hauled the old stuff down...all by himself!  It's been about a month since the installation and so far, it's all holdling together and looks great.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,10/1/2014,32,92,2,4,4>Wow I've been to some great soup/salad/sandwich places in the past, but this place is above and beyond! I've not tried all the soups yet, but the wild mushroom chowder and the spicy thai lemongrass are really tasty... On a recent visit we had a Southwest salad w chicken, a Bangkok wrap w/prawns, and some mushroom soup... The salad was fresh, crunchy, and just the right amount of spiciness; the wrap was really tasty, especially the Evil Peanut sauce, and the prawns were cooked perfectly! The infused water was really refreshing, too - love the melon!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,9/30/2014,23,77,6,4,3>Tomorrow is Snobby Beer Night, and it wouldn't be complete without a stop at  Edmonton's candy store for grownups.I don't go often, but when I do, I always find several products I've never seen before. Last time it was a vanilla stout and a limited edition Tuborg. This time it's Thirsty Beaver amber ale, a genuine ginger beer and a saskatoon berry beer. Did I mention that a great deal of the beers offered are locally crafted?I even picked up a digestive beer that comes in a little green box--Perfect for stocking stuffers for my troll. That's how this store makes me feel...Like it's always Christmas there. It's a delight!I'm going to have to go back soon. I still haven't even explored the store outside the beer cooler. And I just found the honey mead.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/19/2014,9/29/2014,31,99,4,14,5>I was super excited when I saw Sushi Train going in. Right across from Grant MacEwan and next door to Happy Harbour comics, it's a great location for a restaurant, especially one that has potential for quick service lunch.I've been to one other sushi-conveyor-belt style restaurant and I liked the idea behind it. You only pay for what you eat and there is typically lots to choose from, so you get the beauty of a buffet on a smaller budget.Sushi Train had just gotten started. The sushi itself was very good - well made, lots of varieties and flavored. The raw "sashimi" is cut into generous portions and is very fresh and delicious. I liked their balance of classic sushi and more creative rolls.One thing that makes me cautious about Sushi Train's future success is their pricing. I felt that all the plates were overpriced or else portions were not large enough to justify the prices. The plates start at $3.50 and go up to $6.50, but most plates only have two pieces on them and very few are in the $3.50 range. Sashimi is priced by plates of three or plates of six, and is at minimum, two dollars a slice.Unlike Sushi Boat in Calgary, this is not a cheap and cheerful experience. It's fair to say that you are paying for a gimmick and the overall "fun" of watching the sushi parade around the restaurant, but to get enough to eat, you are paying more than what you would at one of Edmonton's top sushi restaurants, which is a little disparaging.Now that I have visited, I'm glad I did, I enjoyed myself, truly. The food was good and the service was attentive and friendly. But after seeing the prices, I'm sad that I won't be able to frequent Sushi Train weekly for a sushi quick fix like I had been planning.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,9/28/2014,220,814,3,8,3>Very classy place. Stopped in here for a quick drink on a Friday evening, and noticed that there was a very nice bar, the place was clean, staff was friendly, and there was just a really cool vibe. There is not a huge space for dancing, and the place is small in general, but the music is top notch and there is excellent food available. Probably one of the best bars on the north side and certainly a place of growing popularity for blues lovers.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2014,9/27/2014,85,580,1,5,4>I always thought this place was a fast food joint but it's definitely a sit-down Mexican restaurant (they even say it on their menu for people like me)! It's a small spot but colorful and cozy. If you're wanting to beat the lunch rush it's best to get there before 12pm.I had the empanadas with chicken. They were crispy and came with salsa, sour cream and guacamole on the side. Each entree includes a side of beans and rice too, so you really get your fill here! I barely even touched my beans and rice because I was so full. I tried my friend's fish tacos and they were delicious, I think even better than my empanadas because they just seemed to have more flavour. Might have to get the fish tacos next time. They have a good assortment of Mexican beers too.The service was good at first but seemed to get a little disorganized once the lunch rush hit, which is to be expected I guess. We had to wait a bit longer for an order to go, which we had alerted them about earlier but they might have forgotten about it. Other than that minor detail, this place is good.Remember, don't expect this to be a fast food place cause it's not!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2014,9/26/2014,53,55,1,5,4>Great food! This touch of Persia is tucked away just of Argyle Rd. I can't believe I've driven by it so often without trying it. The staff are very polite and gracious. The servings are very generous and the flavours in the good are wonderful. There is a feeling of home as you walk through the door. The smells from the kitchen makes you hungry and the good that is served is more than satisfying. I can't wait to come back and try another dish.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2014,9/25/2014,33,149,2,3,3>I've been to the Mayfield a bunch of times. I enjoy it. I like to support local theatre and I love to support my prime rib habit. I think it's a great way to celebrate birthdays, anniversaries, getting together with friends for an upscale event.Today, I attended Folkswaggin'This show? It was amazing. It *BLEW ME AWAY*. The song selections were awesome, the staging as professional as it comes and the transitions between songs were seamless ... but what really made this show amazing were the musicians. Every one of them a star, every one of them essentially polyglots with instruments, every one of them full of energy and drive and happiness and ...... and Andrea House's Amazing Grace made me cry from the beauty.Some of the costuming choices were a bit awkward but only detracted a bit and I applaud the enthusiasm of whomever was responsible for the addidas jacket and rasta sloppy/beanie hat ...Seeing Paul Morgan Donald (I can only hear his name in my head as a Die Nasty yell) on the Mayfield stage was a treat and a hoot while Kevin Michael Dabbs, has completed me with how damned talented and cute he is. Actually, I could name and comment on each performer because they were all awesome but my review might be at risk of becoming just a bit too effusive ... just a bit ...In summary, if you've not bought tickets to this show, do. You won't regret it.:)(PS. while I didn't attend tonight's performance as part of the Yelp Elites, I did get to meet Jennie finally -- Hi Jennie! -- it looks like you folks had a great time!)
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,9/24/2014,59,101,1,9,4>Iconoclast Koffiehuis (or Iconoclast Coffee for sake of spelling) is Edmonton's newest cafe. I had a chance to visit the shop today and talk to the owner, Ryan Arcand, about the coffee, the space, and Edmonton's growing food scene. The space is open to the public and Ryan expects to be fully functioning by their grand opening date, May 3. There's so much to write about, I don't even know where to start!Let's start with Iconoclast. It's not new to Edmonton by any means, its previous roasting location on 118 Ave. The local roast had been almost exclusively sold to Cafe Leva up until last November, and now has its own coffee bar right behind the Staples in Oliver Square. There's only one road to get to the industrial-style building, so make sure you make that turn onto 105 Ave! Currently their coffee can be found in numerous restaurants including (but not limited to): the Culina family, Blue Plate Diner, Cafe Bicyclette, and RGE RD. Work is being done on selling the roast at groceries stores Family Foods on Jasper and Wild Earth Foods in the future.Walking into the shop, I was immediately surprised by how big the space was. It's essentially a warehouse! Front and center is the coffee bar, made of fully reclaimed materials. Two large roll-up bay windows let in beautiful natural light and Ryan plans to open up the doors during summer hours. Would make for a fantastic space to relax! Open ceilings and concrete floors add to the industrial feel.A few customers were grabbing coffees to go, mostly workers next door or in the area. Word hasn't gotten too far that the space is open yet! In the mean time, I checked out the display of Pinto chocolates and truffles. Gorgeous, and equally delicious as I bought a box of 4 to eat later. Business partner, and girlfriend, Sjoukje Bouma, studied in Belgium and will be selling bean-to-bar items in the space. A corner in the back of the warehouse is already in the works to become her designated work area. Another section of the space is currently being rented to the food truck, Local Omnivore. By May, they will be offering breakfast and lunch items (sandwiches and soups) for Iconoclast Coffee.One of the neatest corners of the space is the roasting facility! Ryan plans to keep everything open so patrons can see exactly what's going on. Coffee beans will be shipping in and roasts will be coming out as you drink your coffee, making the whole coffee experience really unique.I'm not a coffee connoisseur, (not by a long shot!) but I know I definitely enjoyed their latte and raspberry granola bar. When the placed cleared of customers, Ryan and I had a good chat about Edmonton's growing food scene. Having only moved to Edmonton in 2007, he's noticed quite the change: the continued growth of 104 St and Whyte Ave (both anchored by farmer's markets) and most recently, the expansion of restaurants and businesses in Oliver Square, 124 St, and down over to Boonie Doon (opening of Cafe Bicyclette). Along with that, we talked about Edmonton's local roasts, few compared to the likes of Calgary and Vancouver. I'm glad to hear that more restaurants are partnering with Iconoclast Coffee! Supporting local food and businesses is what helps the city grow!With a few tables set up already, you can come enjoy a cup of the local roast! Or play a game of chess or darts. Or maybe challenge Ryan to a game of ping pong, the table given to them from the Culina Family. Absolutely loved the relaxed feel of the space. Iconoclast Coffee will host private events, such as weddings, working with Culina Family for catering services. The space can hold up to 150 people, making what I predict will be the next Mercer! Really hope it will be used for food events! Super excited for their grand opening, scheduled for May 3, 2014. Follow them on Facebook and Twitter for details!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,9/22/2014,41,524,1,8,6>My friend was recruiting volunteers for the meal program served at the Mustard Seed Street Church.  They ideally want 10 volunteers but that night, there were 8 ladies.  There is parking in the alley behind the church and we went up the stairs to the kitchen at 5PM.  We were greeted by the staff person and started with washing our hands, putting on gloves and hair nets.  This put us in a Laverne and Shirley mood all night and we couldn't help but sing the theme song, or hum it.On that evening's menu was soup, bread, pudding, and banana.  The soup and pudding were already prepared so we didn't get to get down and dirty peeling vegetables or cooking food.  But there's no shortage or jobs to do.  Two of us were putting together the cutlery wrapped in a napkin.  Others were buttering bread, wiping down tables and chairs, and putting the bakery out in the area where clients could take them.  Closer to 7, we took out the pudding and got to put chocolates in each one.  Fun! Since dinner is served at 7, we all had a job of serving food, runners to make sure supplies are stocked, and one lucky volunteer got to wash the dishes.There can be up to 350 people for the dinner, so you never know how many to expect but there was a line up.  At 7, the doors were opened and the Mustard Seed staff handed each person a plate.  They came to the serving table where we gave them cutlery, bowl of soup, slice of bread, pudding, and a banana.  Most people were so gracious saying thank you.  Sometimes people asked for a second helping but we weren't able to provide them more.We were serving for an hour but the line decreased for the last 20 minutes or so.  The toughest part was lifting the heavy pots of soup off the stove, onto the cart, and the serving table.At 8, we brought the food into the kitchen and closed the door.  Volunteers then had the opportunity to eat.  We had the soup (good with ham, potatoes, and other vegetables), bread, and banana (we ran out of pudding).  The next half of hour we all worked efficiently to the kitchen cleaned with putting away dishes, cleaning the counters, sweep, and mop.  Got a little sweaty but all for a good cause.Because we worked quickly, we left at 8:30.  We also donated toiletries which clients can take (good use of extra hotel shampoos!).They have the dinner from Monday-Saturday so lots of opportunities for families (teenagers are welcome to help), work groups, and friends to spend a few hours and have fun while helping the community.  I saw they have lots of openings in Sept-Nov and we will definitely do it again.Thank you Mustard Seed for a fun volunteer experience and all the work you do to help those who don't have much!
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,9/21/2014,136,590,1,4,7>Over the years I have been to many hair stylists and ended up hating what they do to my hair. I've had my hair blonde, brown, even red but every time I had it coloured I was displeased with the result. So I swore off colouring my hair for just over 2 years. I let it grow out to my natural colour and was pleasantly surprised. I also had a friend trim my hair for those years because I was trying to grow out a butchered chunk of hair. Fast forward two years and I'm graduating from my undergraduate degree. I decided that my hair needed a bit more of a style and a little more blonde in it, to highlight my face. After receiving a recommendation from a close friend I was hesitant to go back to a stylist but I came here to see Julian, first for cut. I was so happy he actually listened to what I was saying instead of just hacking away at my hair. A few months later I entrusted him with the task of highlighting my hair. I was soooo nervous but he did a marvellous job, my grad photos turned out fantastic and I love the colour of my hair. A month or so later I had him create a hairstyle for my banquet and he did an amazing job, I loved my hair and could not have created it at home. I find the prices here very reasonable and I now send the boyfriend here to get his hair cut!
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,9/20/2014,21,54,1,3,2>Definitely one of my favourite spots in Edmonton!The location: Ideally located in the university area, with a beautiful, yet a bit small, patio.The food: The menu doesn't have a lot of offerings, but whatever they offer is really tasty. They make a killer Chicken and Waffles, and a banana pie if you still have some room left.The drinks: A hidden gem when it comes to beer. The beer menu is simply amazing with over 150 beers.Bottom line, SugarBowl is my regular spot for a bite and beer. Friendly staff and a great patio, what more could you ask for.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,9/19/2014,30,58,6,6,5>This place truly gives us all a pretty good reason to be bouncing off like one happy kid. Great place to be carefree and I must admit - it was a good workout session. I could not even think about the gym after this! My sweat was pouring like the summer rain.. No kidding! An hour worth of heart-pumping activity was enough to make me go " wow! That was intense yet fun ". A place for any age (especially the hyper-active little ones) to give themselves a whooping good time if anyone dreads the boring gym environment. They even have a dodgeball trampoline area where you can have a little battle of fun or two. I do agree with @Marc D that the padding between trampolines could use some improvements. Other than that, induction was short and sweet - to the point.I bounced away happy as a bunny.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2014,9/18/2014,13,82,1,4,5>I've been for lunch here twice in the past few weeks and both times I was quite satisfied.  The first time, I had the "where's the beef" lunch entree, which included several arancini with wild mushroom, and some veggies in the side.  I enjoyed this dish immensely and thought it was a creative lunch time offering.  The second time I had the lobster truffle mac and cheese.  It was okay, but not as good as I've had elsewhere.The service on both occasions was attentive and professional, and very quick.  Lux is a great lunch spot for a quick but higher end experience.  You can choose to sit in either the bar or dining room.  The bar would be better for a casual lunch and the dining room is great for business lunches.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,9/17/2014,97,490,2,3,4>We've used Happy Nappy for the past three months (since the birth of our daughter) and have been very pleased. Knowing that I never have to worry about procuring diapers, washing diapers, disposing diapers, or taking up way too much space in a landfill, provides peace of mind. Buying disposables in large containers at Walmart or Costco is still likely to be less expensive in terms of monetary cost, but if you don't normally shop at those places, Happy Nappy may actually save you money.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2014,9/16/2014,40,91,2,5,4>Before the new company bought this mall it was destined for doom. The stores were terrible and the decor brutal. I'm happy that the new owners see potential in this place. It's been renovated and there are new stores coming that are of higher quality. Stuff us younger people like to shop at. The layout of the building is good. One lap and you can get to every store. No hidden walkways or weird transitions that make you double back. The fact that the theatre is connected makes it even better because you can kill sometime before your movie starts. Just keep in mind if you come to a movie after store hours the entrance to the mall will be closed. I'm sure over the next year or two you will see the old person shops disappear and new trendy stores taking their place. It was only a matter of time. This city needs better shopping and I'm happy that the new owners are making it happen.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,9/15/2014,61,63,,5,7>I am going to give this place 4 out of 5 stars but will be returning to update this review at a future date.  I was surprised at all of the things on the menu.  I expected it to have drinks and just some basic food/treats.  Well the menu was quite extensive and had some great items I would like to try.  Luckily we were there for an event and got to try a variety of items and some bubble teas.I have been wary of trying bubble tea, it just didn't sound appetizing to me.  Now that I have tried it I really do like it and think it would be a great drink for a hot summer day.The food we sample was great and I plan to return to try some other items on the menu.  The wontons were excellent and we had some shaved ice for dessert.  Awesome summer food!They also have a rack of board games as well that you can play while you are there.  I was really surprised by this place.  This place really is more than meets the eye from outside!
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2014,9/14/2014,68,383,3,10,5>I made my way out to WEM today to check this place out because honestly I was a little bit suspicious of all the 5 star reviews that had popped up in quick succession from brand new yelp accounts recently. Truth be told though this place really does measure up to alot of the positive hype that it has been generating lately.The flavor range is pretty decent although I was a little bit disappointed they don't have my personal flavor favorites like watermelon and blueberry. I had the peach today and it has a nice flavor and texture very similar to Dole fruit bars which are my favorite frozen treat.You have some options for dips and toppings which are obviously going to up the calorie count but I was pretty impressed that once you pay the fifty cents it does cover more then one dip if you want a double layer or two flavors on one bar.I paid $4.10 for my peach sorbetto pop today which might seem pricey to some but is actually pretty on par with other treats in the mall like cupcakes or cinnamon buns. I am interested in trying their other products like the hot chocolate on a stick so I will more then likely be returning. In my opinion it is a definite try at least once if you happen to be wandering WEM and a sweets craving hits but you don't want something with a sky rocketing calorie count.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2014,9/13/2014,32,58,4,10,9>I spent months walking past the papered windows of The Hex Cafe (the short name for The Hexagon Board Game Cafe), waiting for it to open. Now, I'm sure that makes me sound like someone who spends all his time playing board games, but the truth is that I don't play much at all, but I'd like to play more often, I just lack the time, and the knowledge of what's out there.5 days after they opened I managed to find the time to sneak over at 10am. The place was rather quiet (AKA no one else there), so I had a chat with Randy, one of the owners of the cafe. We talked about the area of Whyte (East Whyte, which is up-and-coming), and why he opened the cafe, and what he hopes to achieve with the space. It was a good chat, and I vowed to return as a paying customer (I had my toddler with me, and didn't have time to stay). I also got a chance to quickly look at the 400 (four hundred!!!) board games he has to play.The location is excellent, and the space inside is really nice. I like the color combination (a blue/teal accented with white. Stylish white chairs are pulled up to tables; there are 4 tables that sit 4-people each, 3 tables with 2-people each, and (I believe) 4 long tables that can fit 6 people each. The games are stored at the back of the store, with a small (though Randy assured me it would be growing) retail space at the front. I took note of a couple of the prices of the games he's selling, focusing on Settlers of Catan (he had a number of versions of it). I compared it to prices I knew from around town, and he's about 20% cheaper than the other places (Chapters, River City Games).A few days later I found myself on Whyte at 9am with 20 mins to kill, so I stopped in to see Randy and pick up a quick snack. They have various sodas (not Coke/Sprite, but fancier stuff), as well as coffee, tea, and various sweets. I grabbed an orange juice and a cinnamon bun and chatted with Randy for a bit because it was slow. If you want a quiet time to go and learn a game, early mornings would be the best time, as Randy said it doesn't really pick up until around noon. We walked by last night (a Friday) a 10pm and the place was PACKED! Every seat was taken, and there was a line of 5 or 6 people at the front, which was really nice to see. Randy also told me he's working on getting a liquor license, and he'll have some food available once that goes through.I can't wait to find the time to go in and actually play games in the cafe. There are so many to choose from that it may take some time to actually pick one. The cafe charges $2.50/hour to play the games, with the money going towards buying new games, or fixing ones that need repair. That sounds very reasonable to me! Just don't be one of those people that sits there sipping on water the entire time; the cafe needs to make money selling coffee, tea, sodas, or sweets!
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,9/12/2014,45,53,3,5,5>Driving the Segway was so cool!  It's like nothing you have ever tried.  You feel like you will fall but this smart machine makes you move!The weather changed on us and it was cold, but that didn't stop us. We were able to do a session and learn how the Segway worked.  It's pretty incredible the way these work, I think it would be a cool outing with a group to do a tour down the boardwalk. A cool idea here is that this Segway shop is right in the river valley and has a nice little coffee shop. You can grab a snack here and they have a little patio here as well so you can kick back and soak up some sun next time you are swinging by.  They also have bicycle rentals here too & snowshoes in the winter!  Chris the owner was a nice guy and for $49 for an hour that's pretty reasonable to get out there on a $7000 machine for an hour.  Definitely a new cool thing to do!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2014,9/11/2014,33,37,5,5,6>Shout out of gratitude to the awesome Edmonton Symphony Orchestra and their recent three night free outdoor series for Edmontonians. This labour day weekend, the Symphony, with their corporate partners, hosted three outdoor performances. The Hubba Hubby and I were excited to take in Disney on Friday night and The McDades on Sunday. The Disney show was incredible - amazing music from some old and new favourites. And there were four vocalists as well - an unexpected treat and wow were they incredible. The woman who sang as Ariel was spot on. And Genie and Zazu were unbelievable. It was such a great experience with something like twelve thousand in attendance for the two performances.And partnering with the McDades Sunday night in Kinsmen park, under the High Level Bridge was another great experience. We were just wowed with the performances - great experiences! Huge thanks to them for sharing their talent.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,9/10/2014,158,543,6,7,8>Whoo!  Hoo!  Locally owned and operated by the same family since 1991 - does it get any better?  While D'Arcy has turned over the meat shop to his son, Kyle, he can still be found running their casual catering business (darcyscasualcatering.com)D'Arcy's Meat Market is filled with all kinds of awesome and local goodness!  I love that you can special order sausages or other meats prepared to your liking - including nitrate and preservative free!  I liked that the meat shop itself was wide open so you can watch how they prepare and process the meats from start to finish in the back end of the market.The fresh meat butcher case made my mouth water and this is definitely the place to hit up for your perfect backyard BBQ.I'm impressed at how many local and high end restaurants use D'Arcy's Meat Market as their supplier including both the River House, Jack's Burger shack, and Privada in St. Albert!  I've been lucky enough to try all kinds of meat ranging from elk to bison to pork loin roast served up fit for a king by our local chefs.  I've even seen Kyle debone a chicken WHOLE at an event.  If you need any tips, from the beginner to the experienced, Kyle is more than happy to help!  And if you're wondering, does he really know his stuff?  Heck yeah, he does!  Kyle graduated with honors and highest in class from N.A.I.T. with a Certification in Meat-Cutting.  If you're a nerd like me and want to read up on the store's history, check out their website at: darcysmeats.caWe checked in on Yelp on our most recent trip and snagged a 25% off sausages check-in reward!  George, being the great front end manager that he is, showed us some other things we just couldn't resist so we walked out with enough treats for the week!  I mean lamb sausages?  Yes PLEASE!  And a delicious boneless smoked pork chop that is great as is cold or pan fried for a bit of a crust.  George was also knowledgeable in discussing ways for us to cook what we purchased today.  I really appreciates the tip that I can boil the sausages from frozen and then pop out on the grill to get the marks or casing cooked to my specification.  This was a super easy way to ensure that my sausages were plump and juicy on the inside while still cooked crispy (the way I like it) on the outside!If you sign up for their newlsetter on darcysmeats.ca you will find a lovely surprise 2-for-1 ribeye coupon in your inbox!  I know what we're gonna have for supper this weekend!With so many options including local, free rage, and hormone/antibiotic free - you just can't go wrong with D'Arcy's!  As mentioned by other reviewers, the price range is at the higher end of meat markets.  If you are looking to stock up your freezer, ask them about ordering a 1/4 or 1/2 cow to your specification.  This may not be a discount store, but you can certainly shop the weekly deals or buy a larger amount at a time to save moola.Would I buy ALL my meat here for a 200 person family reunion?  Probably not?  Would I like to?  Heck yes!  Will I come back again and again for speciality items or that perfect steak for father's day?  You betcha I will! Thank you D'Arcy's for rocking it local and fresh!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2014,9/9/2014,36,208,1,5,4>For over two and a half years we kept saying that we want to try this place out because it's only a couple blocks away from our place. Finally my wife and I ate at Viphalay with another couple on a Wednesday night. As said many times before, this place is in a quaint heritage home and is a perfect setting for a date or for friends to catch up. On the Wednesday night that we visited, we were able to sit and chat after we finished our meal as it wasn't too busy and we didn't feel any pressure to pay and leave. Obviously this might be different during the lunch rush or on a weekend evening.We ordered four dishes: pad thai, puht kieh mow mama (drunken noodles), gaeng kiew wan (green curry) and bah laht pihk (fish with chili sauce). We also got a large coconut rice to share (it comes in S, M and L). I don't have any real complaints about any of the dishes. The pad thai was tasty and had perfect consistency. The drunken noodles reminded me of a dish I ate in Bangkok off the streets (the noodle guy at the Soi 38 food carts if you're wondering, mmm sooooo good and cheap). The green curry was standard, nothing good nor bad to say about it. The fish was actually breaded and deep fried, which I was surprised when we received it. The description on the menu made no mention that it was deep fried. I thought it would be something more similar to what we had in Thailand which was more grilled. However the fish was good nonetheless; I suppose it was a more westernized version. The large coconut rice was more than enough for four people which I liked. Usually when you order coconut rice there's barely enough for one person.The only thing I can say is that the portions were just OK. For the price I would definitely expect more, and I'm comparing this to other Thai places around town, not to the $2.00 pad thai off the streets of Thailand. That being said, I was still stuffed by the time we finished.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2014,9/8/2014,33,66,2,5,6>While we love Culina, we finally made our first trip to Culina Muttart in February. After talking about it for months, the Thursday night dinner fit our schedules and was the perfect place for an early Valentine's celebration - They even completed the evening with red hearts and a single long-stemmed red rose. Awww! Unfortunately, someone in the kitchen had a bit of mishap that evening, and the small restaurant quickly filled with enough smoke to make my eyes burn too. However, I can't say enough about how AWESOME the food was! While the air quality was poor and the service was simply "decent" the food more than made up for it - Just like at the main location, your tastebuds won't be let down!
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,9/7/2014,42,86,1,6,4>It's been a while since I've eaten a meal that made me sit up, take a look around, and really, really want to review a restaurant. It usually either goes both ways - either the meal is absolutely terrible, or it's incandescently perfect. Thankfully, Wildflower Grill offered the latter.  The customer service - the friendliness of the staff - is so genuine and attentive that you'll feel like a bit of a celebrity...they just make you feel that welcome.The first round: drinks. The waitress got my drink order wrong and didn't bring me a gin caesar. Lucky for her, though, she brought me another one of my favourite drinks - a gin martini! So, I'll let that one slide.We ordered a slew of dishes: I went straight for the Wildflower's speciality, Braised Beef Short Ribs, while my lunch partners ordered Crab Cakes, a Warm Cippolini Onion Tart, a Lobster Braised Prawn and Thai Green Curry Garganelli, and a Vine Ripe Tomato and Truffled Mozzarella dish.Everything was presented beautifully, with artistically-drawn patterns, perfectly plated items, and crispy-fresh greens. My short ribs were perfection - tender, flaky beef braised in a semi-sweet demi glace and white balsamic reduction, atop creamy and hearty golden roast smashed potatoes. The dish literally melted in my mouth.Of the other dishes, my lunch dates sang the praises of the green curry pasta, which came with bell peppers, crimini and black trumpet mushrooms, and cilantro.For dessert, we wouldn't be content unless we tried everything on offer, so we ordered the Bailey's pudding, a blondie with vanilla ice cream, and a berry crumble. They were all delicious with excellent flavours - not too sweet and the perfect portion size. The Irish cream pudding was perhaps the lightest and would be a great finishing touch to a heavier meal.Ultimately, the Wildflower Grill blew me away. Real flavour, excellent service, and the most amazing beef short ribs I've ever had - what more could you ask for?
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/13/2014,9/6/2014,49,79,9,10,7>This is a unique experience in Edmonton, it's a ride down the river on a river boat. An experience that you can't get anywhere else in the city. Now is it worth it?Here's my review. We went here for a friend's birthday , and it was roughly $55 each for the cruise and dinner.The plan was boarding at 530 pm and then dinner , then a cruise down the river.Now gentle readers, if you've been reading my reviews you know the first thing I thought when I heard " river cruise " is "What should I wear?"Ideally I'd love to throw on a linen suit in summer colors, but knowing that I'm in Edmonton, not quite fashion capital of the world , I went to their website looking for advice.According to their website "Most people dress casually for all cruises, however we do not allow torn or imprudent clothing onboard the riverboat and shirts and shoes are also required."Ahhh, got it the dress code is wear shoes. Have a shirt. That really sets my bar. I went with my regular going outside summer outfit and saw what I expected on the boat. A mix of young and old people from newborns to people waiting in God's waiting room. They wore everything from boatwear, to regular clothes, to formalish.Here's a hint gentlemen. If you hate wearing formal clothes, you don't have to do it. One young man was wearing an undone tie, dress clothes and then black ankle sport socks. Ugg. Atmosphere on the cruise was much like having aliens abduct 120 people from Walmarts around Edmonton and drop them on a boat.When we got onto the Edmonton Queen Riverboat (I got there late because there address on the website takes you to donair shop in ottwell)  we had a pleasant hour on the top deck. That was worth it, they had a fun vocal group on the boat called The Rhythm Group.I grabbed a beer , $5 for a pint of Big Rock! Fantastic price. I would expect something more for a destination location like the  $99 that they charge for a beer at Rexall. My friends had slushie drinks and rye and cokes. All a very reasonable price, and they even take credit cards. Nice.After a while top side you make your way down into the bowels of the ship downstairs.Air conditioned it's pleasant, but not really anything special. It's a big long room. They had another performance by the Rhythm Group downstairs.Let me segue here and say, that one of the most enjoyable parts of the night was listening to The Rhythm Group. It's a mixed group of males and females all performing  in a Rhythm/Blues/Jazz style. Perfect for a river cruise. My personal favorite was Ella Coyes, who reminded me much of young Joni Mitchell.Normally when you go to these events you get tepid, boring and unoriginal music. This group was the only thing I would call atmosphere on the Edmonton Queen. I've given the Edmonton Queen 3 stars, but if I could review the Rhythm Group I'd give them 5 stars.After getting the 120 people seated they had a buffet open. They had prime rib, chicken, fish, salad etc. One of the nice things was they had 2 prime ribs out at the same time, Medium rare and Well done. The potatoes seemed home made and the salads (I hear) were good.After dinner people went back up top and we took a pleasant cruise up and down the river for a bit.It's a nice cruise and you do get to see Edmonton from a different point of view. They also have drink service upstairs during the cruise party.Now why did the Edmonton Queen only get 3 stars if they have a decent buffet, and fun band playing?1. The boat doesn't move during dinner, so that's kind of goofy. If I wanted to sit inside and eat a buffet, there are much better choices. I'd recommend not eating here and eating somewhere downtown and then coming for the cruise.2. They will not give you a water downstairs without paying for it. That's a dealbreaker for me. Tap Water is all I need , and no I don't want a bottle of water.3. Drink service. They don't serve drinks when they are seating the 120 people for dinner, they don't serve drinks when they have people coming up, and they don't serve drinks when they are docking. So, basically for half the cruise it's drink free. That's not a big deal for some people but, it does make it duller for us over 18 and alcoholics. Believe I'm much more boring sober.4.Smoking section: There isn't one once the cruise starts. I had a double corona cigar I had to keep putting out and then relighting making me look like some sort of crazy hobo.5.Atmosphere, again as mentioned before the River Queen has the chance of being a classy space, it's not.6.Booking policy. They sail Rain or Shine. No refunds. Really? That makes no sense for the customer. For the business owner it makes sense.My final thoughts are .Book a trip on the Edmonton Queen if you want a somewhat different experience in Edmonton with the family. Don't come for dates, or for drinking with buddies. Family friendly and somewhat tame, the Edmonton Queen Riverboat experience gets a solid A-OK 3 Stars
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,9/4/2014,21,105,1,7,4>Every once in a while, you get a craving for good crispy fried chicken and the only option is to find some. That lead us to try Coco's today. We ordered the crispy fried chicken and a side of their Korean sweet and hot sauce, to go. It was ready with in about 10 minutes. There was a bit of back and forth to properly communicate the order that was originally placed over the phone. A small confusion but they sorted it out with no hassle. The man at the counter was very pleasant to deal with. For a small hole in the wall restaurant, they had nice tables and chairs along with a few dividers hanging from the ceiling that make for a atmosphere. The area looked clean and well kept, and you can see through into the kitchen area as the food is being prepped. The chicken was perfectly cooked, tender, and juicy.  The crispy coating, extra crispy. The sauce was sweet and thick with a touch of heat and a perfect compliment to dip the chicken into. The side of Kimchi was well made and I suspect house made, but I can't be certain of that. This is definitely a place I would recommend and going forward, this will be our go to place for fried chicken in Edmonton!
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2014,9/3/2014,34,45,3,4,5>This little place is right beside my work so I have been here several times over the last year. It is super fast as they have a few pastas and then a few sauces already prepared as well as salads so you just decide what you want and its on your plate or in your togo container.  My favourite is the spicy mushroom sauce on anything.. but you can even have half and half of the sauces if you'd like, they are quite accommodating, you also get a fresh little italian bun with it! I always get the half pasta and it's more than enough to fill me up and they have fresh parmesan cheese and chilies at the till you can add if you like. So if you are in a hurry and want REAL food fast as opposed to the standard drive through varieties, try this place.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,9/2/2014,12,38,2,8,6>This is truly one of the little hole in the wall gems that you just love to find.It is very easy to miss as it is tucked away beside the HSBC building. Even talking to people who work next door some do not know about it.This Vietnamese noodle restaurant is run by a husband and wife team and they are there every day. Extremely friendly and helpful they are always glad to see you and remember you if your in often.My favorites on the menu have got to be the soups. They have a spicy beef or chicken which are amazing but my favorite is the Wor Wonton soup. you always get a very big portion that you will be struggling to finish. This place does get very busy during lunch so if you don't want to wait in line you should plan on being there by 11:30.If your looking for amazing Vietnamese food this is your best bet. It rivals the best of the places in China Town.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,9/1/2014,69,217,1,4,5>Holds special events all year round. Especially love the free pancake breakfast with live music on whyte called taking in the streets. Great blues atmosphere. Spontaneous dancing with children on the streets. Lots of picnic tables if you come early to watch the live band. Theres a beer garden with beers and coolers. From 830-1100 to kick off the festival theres free pancake breakfast. Lots of fun for young adults to the mature crowd...kids spontaneously dancing with their parents. The atmosphere friendly and fun. I come every year....its alot of fun!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,8/31/2014,135,69,1,7,6>The Synergy Wellness Centre is a wonderful all-in-one location medical and health professional centre. In one centrally located building in Sherwood Park, you will find doctors medical practices, laboratory, x-ray & ultrasound services, a women's wellness practice, a dentist, denturist, ear clinic, respiratory clinic, sleep medicine, neurology clinic, massage therapist, pharmacy,...the whole spectrum! There is even a hair salon and spa, and a café!Lots of parking and lots of handicapped parking as well.The Bethel Transit Centre is also across the street. Very convenient for everyone.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,8/30/2014,64,167,1,5,6>Red Arrow is simply the best and most luxurious way of traveling by bus in Alberta. Unfortunately it doesn't go everywhere (darn!) but it is a convenient way to get from Edmonton to Calgary or vice versa and to a few other Alberta destinations as well.Not only do they offer free beverages and snacks, but you can reserve your seat in advance, you have access to free wifi, and the buses are usually on time! In addition, there are student discounts among other perks if you sign up for an online account with them. I also like the fact that reserving my own seat in advance can mean sitting on my own (one side of the bus has single seats!).
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,8/29/2014,353,217,3,4,4>Erryone b h8in on The Phork! I came on a date and I had a lovely time!The view of the river valley/high level bridge/the ledge was beautiful. They had a guy playing live guitar which was beautiful. Our server was flamboyantly quirky and made for a great time. He recommended a great wine based on a list of other wines I frequently drink and he was spot on in picking one I would enjoy. I had the pan-seared scallops and they were delicious! The serving sizes were quite large too, which isn't something you see often in high end restaurants.Our server even brought us a complimentary tiramisu for dessert, which was very good. I think the owner's mother makes them herself!Overall a great experience. This is a classy place for a date night. But it kind of has that 'special occasion' vibe. I don't think I'd come here for a casual dinner again. Only when I wanna be fancy!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2014,8/28/2014,77,39,4,6,6>After multiple visits to a variety of dealerships, I can say with complete confidence that the consistent top-of-class customer service experience at Lexus of Edmonton is their defining mark.Let's start with the door being opened for me each and every time. No intercom paging makes for a calming environment. I love the fish tanks near the entrance and the abundance of natural light.Greeted warmly with a smile and offered a coffee, latte or snack shows me attention to the little details pertaining to customers like me, not just the cars. (very smart on Lexus' part because I get grumpy when left without a coffee or sugar for too long :) ) The cars are awesome however and the CT200h F Sport is proving to be an excellent choice beyond just being environmentally friendly with 73% less emissions ( I hope that's despite my sporty driving style!)The sales process never felt like a sale at all with assistance from staff that were always understanding, informative, thoughtful and sincere; the team at Lexus of Edmonton have crafted the art of relationship building. My first time there was almost 8 years ago and this year I finally became a Lexus owner, never doubting my purchase would be rewarding the dealership that delivered exceptional, genuine attention to all "guests" who walked through their doors.Warm thanks to Bruce, Matt, Alexandra, Alan, Cecilia and Theresa for all your help, kindness and appreciation for my business. You have it for life.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2014,8/26/2014,28,93,1,5,5>I've bowled here previously, and shame I haven't submitted a review before now.  Situated in the lower level of the Bonnie Doon Mall and there's 2 sets of stairs from inside the mall to get you here.Just a note I haven't seen it mentioned anywhere - it is 5-pin bowling, so everyone can bowl here.  And it's also handicapped accessible - there is elevator access - although the ramp to the lanes looks a little Matterhorn-ish.Not expensive to play if you have a few friends join you.  $36 for an hour of all you can bowl, so no tracking frames, and $2 shoe rental works out for 4 friends to $11.55 each including tax.  Discount alert: if you sign up to their newsletter on the website, they'll send you a $10 voucher to come bowl as well as a special Birthday gift and additional coupons. If you are an AMA member, there's 20% off for Show Your Card and Save. A special program for summer 2014 - kids bowl free - contact your local alley for details.Reading reviews says that there are 48 lanes, and indeed the place just goes on, and on, and on...I didn't count, we bowled lane 9 near the beginning. You can pretty much show up any night and there will be a lane waiting for you without reservations.  The lanes have a "lob-guard" but we didn't see the need - I suppose it keeps repair costs down for the bowlers unclear on the difference between slow-pitch and 5-pin bowling.Ditch the paper and pencils, you don't have to score your own. (Phew!) Being math challenged, I wondered if I was going to embarrass myself in front of my friends. Although the scoring equipment looks modern, the displays (tube TVs)...are aged a fair bit past retirement and don't display quite as well as they did when new.  The picture from 2012 shows the clarity issue then, and it's the same now. The balls and shoes are worn, and decor is remarkably classic "bowling alley".  I'm no expert bowler, so I can't tell if the lanes are good bad or indifferent, but they seemed plenty fun enough for our recreation.A note about the liquor licence - they close at 9 on a Thursday night. It might have been nice to know that before 8:30 when they stop serving, since we didn't get going until just before 8 we enjoyed one round, and had to go on fumes and a whole lot of giggles at our lack of skill to close out the night.Saturday night glow bowling starts at 7pm - and it is a hoot.  If you need lane guards for the little ones - I think I saw them hanging down the way, call ahead and ask if you'd like them. Next time, I think the adults are going to be having that accessory added. (We need some serious practice to get over 80!)I know I've attended adult bowling parties here - accommodating large groups is not a problem. Company parties, Birthdays, Fundraisers... There is a snack bar, it's standard fast food à la bowling alley.  I'd probably say if you have dietary restrictions or sensitivities - you might need to snack before you come. I posted a menu pic from their website.I really enjoyed the lack of crowding, and I know I've been here when it's been pretty busy. Summertime when it's boiling outside, it's air conditioned and pleasant here, so if you need an escape I'd recommend it. I don't think people consider it an entertainment option in the summer. Better for me, but the secret's out now!There were a couple of lanes closed and they looked like they were being worked on, so upkeep is ongoing.  The ball return is definitely vintage, but worked flawlessly.  I think this is the first time *_ever_* I didn't have to ask (and wait) for assistance to get the pins unjammed from the pin setter or the balls coming back! KUDOS and +1 star. Considering they celebrated their 50th Anniversary in 2009 when I first visited - it's still a decent place to drop in and enjoy .Posted as of August 2014:Center HoursMonday 8:30 am to 9:00pmTuesday 8:30 am to 9:00pmWednesday 8:30 am to 9:00pmThursday 8:30 am to 9:00pmFriday 8:30 am to 10:00 pmSaturday 9:30 am to 10:00 pmSaturday - NEON Neon begins at 7:00 pmSunday 12:00 to 6:00pm
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2014,8/25/2014,41,93,2,4,6>Went to a tweet up to help raise awareness on the restoration of Bissell Centre. It was my first visit here and I liked what I saw! The Bistro provided free pretzels for attendees and I am sure glad they did! I am not a big pretzel fan, although to be honest I may be now.They were so nice and warm and fresh and, well,.... nummy! They came with two types of dip. The mustard dip was a bit too strong for my palate, but the other one (a mild chipolte?) was just right. It was quite hot out so I also had a (complimentary) house beer. I am not a beer drinker either, but man did it ever hit the spot! Important note: Bistro says a $1 for every house beer ordered will be donated to Bissell Centre for the month of August 2014!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,8/24/2014,11,89,1,6,5>The Bulgogi House has wonderful, authentic tasting food. I have been going there since childhood and they've never disappointed me. They recently renovated the restaurant and while it still has a slightly shabby look, that doesn't effect the taste of the food at all. All of the meals come with sides of kimchi and bean sprouts, as well as a pot of rice. The sizes of the portions are quite large and usually one dish can be split between two people, although I recommend getting a few dishes for variety. They have a very affordable lunch menu with 3 different set meal options. The lunch is quite large and comes with 2 types of meat, deep fried wontons and stir-fry vegetables. If you want the best bang for your buck, get there for lunch time. One of my personal favourites is the galbee ribs. They are delicious and I always order them whenever I go! (If you don't like any red in your meat, make sure to tell them to cook it to well done. Usually there's still a bit of pink in ribs when they are served.) Overall I really love this restaurant and I highly recommend it whenever anyone is looking for good Korean food.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2014,8/23/2014,187,341,2,10,7>I've been interested in floating/sensory deprivation tanks for years, but have only ever been able to experience this when out of town. I was so thrilled when I found out a floatation centre was finally opening in Edmonton and booked a float the first week they were open. Arrive 10 minutes early for your first appointment to fill out the required form and relax with some tea if you so choose. They had some pastries out when I was there so I munched on that beforehand and saved the relaxing tea for afterwards.There are four float pods in total, each in a separate room. Go to the washroom beforehand and then shower off before getting into the pod. Everything (ear plugs, body wash, shampoo, conditioner, hair dryer, lotion, makeup wipes) is provided in the float room or the get ready room down the hall. Don't be nervous about being in an enclosed space. The pods are quite spacious, and you have the option of leaving the lid open as well. There are different coloured lights that you can leave on during your float, but it's cool to get the full experience and be in complete darkness. The float is 90 minutes long. It would be nice to see the option for a shorter float, perhaps 50 or 60 minutes, like I've seen elsewhere. I would also love to see a floaty pillow provided, as it can get a little bit uncomfortable to let your head and neck completely go like that. Once your float is coming to an end, relaxing music will gently come on to alert you that time is almost up. It would be nice to see a robe provided as the room is a little bit small and dim for getting dressed and undressed in. it also gets quite humid and warm. I really wanted to crack the door while I was drying off and getting dressed, to get some cool air in, but I don't think anyone would have appreciated that! So it would be great to throw a robe on and move on over to the get ready room or washroom to get dressed again. Nobody likes puling pants on over damp legs. There are cushy chairs in the waiting room and you are more than welcome to stay and chill out for however long it takes you to return to normal after your float. I was pretty loopy after mine and ended up sitting there for about 15-20 minutes. The two staff members who were there, the owner and her mom, were very mellow, pleasant and helpful. They have some great opening specials on right now that will be running until the end of August, so if you're even a little bit curious about floating, I would strongly suggest checking it out now! Floating is a very unique experience that can help with relaxation and any number of ailments. Online booking is available which is very convenient. I'm looking forward to being able to float on the regular in my own hometown.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,8/22/2014,24,122,1,7,5>Soda Jerks is fun, plain and simple.  Before I ate here, I was expecting something similar to Five Guys, and was pleasantly surprised to see a sit-in restaurant with nice décor and furnishings.  A few weeks ago we picked this restaurant for a family dinner for my husband's birthday, and I was pretty much sold on the place when I opened the menu to see a whole page of specialty bottled sodas.  The variety of burger toppings here is just short of astonishing.  You can even select bizarre things like Eggo waffles to use as your buns.  I will admit that I lamed out and ordered the taco salad instead of a burger.  It had Doritos on it! I couldn't resist.  It was delicious, with super tender and well-seasoned chicken, and I finished the whole bowl.  The salad was also served in a big metal mixing bowl, which was refreshingly easy to toss the salad in and eat from.  My husband decided to go big and order The Doris, which is a huge burger.  Two patties, a fried egg, cheese, two grilled cheese sandwiches as buns and multiple slices of bacon.  Finish it and get a t-shirt, which he did.  It took over an hour, but it was a really fun meal out.  The waitresses stopped by every once in a while to encourage him on his burger, and were really excited to present his t-shirt at the end of the meal.  Also, because it was his birthday, they brought a scoop of vanilla ice cream with fresh mini donuts (YUM!).  Fun atmosphere, good service, good food.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2014,8/21/2014,40,145,5,7,4>Much like North 53, there was a lot of buzz coming from Tavern 1903. From their signature cocktails to their #1 ranked place to go for desserts in Vue newspaper, I was ready to experience a new restaurant in my never ending tour of duty of eating.Located right on the edge of the less seedy side of downtown, we found parking to be absolutely atrocious. We parked quite far but didn't mind the walk (closer to Mirama. Shout out to the old school wedding venue R.I.P!). After passing by dank taverns and inconspicuous peep show parlors, we finally arrived with no reservation in hand on a Friday night. Taking a peek inside, the lounge which most restaurants have maybe one or two tables open was jam packed. The host suggested we could either sit at the bar or be seated at the patio: the dining room was completely booked for the night. For the night! You'd think I can squeeze in at 9 or when it dies down something but booked for the night! Seeing how the weather was cooperating, we were more than happy to sit on the patio and enjoy the summer breeze.We started off with cocktails and the drink menu had an extensive list of wines, cocktails and an assortment of beers. Unlike North 53, I did not want to try my hand at anymore gin based cocktails so I ordered a refreshing watermelon mojito. Fresh squeezed watermelon with sharp mint leaves on a summer night? Yes, please!My better half decided to be more adventurous and ordered the sky hook. I had no idea what fireweed honey water is (not going to google it) but the flavor here was like James T. Kirk discovering a new planet on behalf of the federation. A non hostile one. The sky hook was charting into wonderful new taste territory. The best part of the experience was the black basil leaf which left "Thank you, come again!" "Oh I will come again!" reaction.Next up was the dinner warm up items. The KFC (Korean fried cauliflower) was plated quite nicely and the consistency of the cauliflowered was just about right: not too soft but not too undercooked. The Korean sauce was a little underwhelming but once my palette adjusted to subtle flavors, I quite enjoyed it. We also ordered the three little pigs which were pork sliders. The collision of the chipotle bbq sauce and the pork patty left a wreakage of of beautiful savory taste. I don't think I've ever tasted a better slider.Finally the entrées took stage after a bit of a wait. I was pleasantly surprised at the plating of the wine braised short ribs with frites. It was compactly for pressed on the dish with a nod to an industrial small cup of parmesian truffle fries. I felt it was embodied a more tavern feel as the kitchen was fusing old 1903 charm with 2014 taste. And the taste. Wow, parmesian truffle? The best fries I've ever had. I thought the fries at The Marc were fantastic. Step aside son, we have a new winner. The short ribs were true to the description as it had more of a darker taste to it highlighting the black coffee scents. The meat itself was not too lean nor too fatty and was a delight. My date ordered the mozzarella stuffed pork meat balls and I'm disappointed. I'm disappointed I didn't steal this dish because it was very memorable. The meatballs were delicious with a sweeter after taste which I can't relate to anything I've ever tasted before. The cheese simply oozed out and the texture was a perfect match with the moist pork. We simply could not finish our entrées despite how good it tasted: the amounts were very adequate and I was quite sad I didn't have time for dessert.My only knock is the table was quite wobbly making dining a little tricky and the wait between appetizer and entrée was a bit long. I will definitely be back.Dinner with appetizers and drinks clocked in at about $130 so save up because it is an dining experience you should at least try.TL;DR - cocktails were amazing, best fries ever, omg meatballs for the win.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,8/20/2014,15,131,,4,5>RGE RD has been on my list of places to try in Edmonton for about a year now. I heard a TedSalon talk by Blair Lebsack a while back and was quite inspired by his philosophy on food. Unfortunately at the time the restaurant wasn't open yet. Despite this I was able to sample some of his food at the talk - I was instantly hooked. Consequently my partner and I went to RGE RD for our anniversary. Damn was I not disappointed. The service was great, the food was spectacular, and the interior was fantastic. Overall, it was a great experience. Food wise, we had the pierogi appetizer along with the questionable bits (it was tongue that day- which I couldn't bring myself to try, but my man thought it was great). For our main we had the pork and bison. All of our dishes were perfectly cooked and flavoured. I would definitely go back - but in the fall so I could try out some different ingredients.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/24/2014,8/19/2014,24,72,,3,3>Ordered take out last night. Wanted to try a "different" Chinese place. Food was alright, found the flavours quite bland. My husband and son liked it. So no issues there. The lemon chicken was barely breaded, so kinda strange. And the sweet and sour pork was not Crispy which is my favourite thing about pork. All in all, of course it's expensive, and I have leftovers for today. Bonus. Don't think I'll order here again, but maybe dinning in might be a better experience.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,8/18/2014,50,288,3,7,4>Oh Simons how quick I was to dismiss you as a store that would be too expensive, too young in style, too busy and would only have clothes to fit Skeletor...how wrong I was. My friend and I stopped by here to kill some time on the way to another event. It's been a while, maybe a year, since I've been shopping at West Ed, but the nice thing about Simons is it has its own entrance. You don't actually have to go into the mall, which for locals is great because we've probably been to West Ed too often anyway. Inside the store is bright and huge, like way bigger than I imagined. They have clothes, men's, women's, kid's, accessories, and some home decor stuff. My friend described it as like H&M, but better and I'd agree. It's actually way better than H&M. There's room to walk around and look at the clothes. Some of the prices were a bit above my budget ($300 for a shirt...ouch), but a lot of it was reasonable, like really reasonable. I'd also assumed (being plus-sized) I wouldn't find any clothes that fit me, but I found several things to try on including a cute skirt for $40 to wear at an upcoming wedding. There's a good mix of casual, business, and fancy (for lack of a better word) clothes. Basically Simons pretty much has you covered for whatever your wardrobe may need. I think the only downside to Simons is that its at West Ed and will likely be quite busy on weekends, during holidays, etc, but as I said before it does have its own entrance so you don't have to wander through half of the mall to get to the store (unless you want to). Simons says I'll come back.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,8/17/2014,292,404,5,5,3>It was great to come here on a weeknight. The fact that this restaurant is in a hotel should not deter you from checking it out, especially for a quick pizza. We tried four pizzas (and btw, they do gluten free pizzas too) and I think my favourite was the Elk sausage and Bocconcini one as it was so different and exciting (and of course very tasty). They have a decent selection of wines from the Okanagan region, along with a couple of local brews. It's great to be able to get local beers, however I wish they had a few more microbrews. The wine selection, on the other hand, was quite impressive. We were served two small batch wines from Sandhill Estates (Okanagan). The Sangiovese was definitely a home run for me. Great staff, quick service, good wine and decent beer. Warrants a re-visit!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,8/16/2014,45,119,1,5,3>Quick, efficient and accurate. Can't go wrong with those qualities in a bottle depot. There's a convenient drive thru which is great if you have a lot of bottles. But if the drive thru line is long, going inside is usually quicker.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,8/15/2014,31,124,3,5,5>I love Cafe Leva - its bright and airy, the food is good and so is the coffee.We've been to Leva first thing in the morning, and shut the joint down at night, and it is always good. The open-faced, smashed avocado breakfast sandwich is probably one of my favourite breakfasts in the city, and their pizza is good any time of the day..but the carrot cake?  My God, the carrot cake is amazing! It consists of thin, individual layers of cake interspersed with thin layers of cream cheese icing.  I don't know who the crazy genius is that thought of that, but they deserve some sort of medal, or plaque in their honour.Unfortunately, Leva isn't perfect, the parking can be...challenging, to say the least, and the ordering system can be confusing when its bustling (which is often), but once you get in and get your order placed, grab a seat and enjoy everything else about this little gem.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,8/14/2014,56,221,3,2,2>Fantastic selection. Its the burger place where you walk in and decide exactly from top to bottom bun. You have a variety of proteins as well as sides. The French fries come in this real unique cylinder type holder. I have been there about 3 times now and have yet to wait in line, yet there are always people in there, so that tells me service is nice and fast. The bathroom too is pretty cool as it has this awesome and different faucet, you have to see it. Prices are reasonable and its nice to go get a home style kind of burger instead of the fast food type.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,8/13/2014,142,114,3,8,5>Went Acme to get a pound of bacon and walked out with 3 lbs of delicious fresh, smoked locally bacon. Why 3 lbs you say? Because it was far more affordable than I thought it would be.  When I got to Acme I was greeted as soon as I walked in, and the place was bustling. They were grinding fresh ground beef, they cut my bacon fresh to order and told me how they get it smoked locally.I also needed to get some sausage casing for making my own sausage. Corey the butcher stopped what he was doing and gave me advice on how to best use the casings and going the meat for my sausage.  It was pretty awesome of him.It was a really great experience and I can't wait to go back again to get some summer BBQ meat.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,8/12/2014,65,170,4,4,4>I ABSOLUTELY abhor malls.  But if I have to go to a mall, then Kingsway is the one I prefer.  It's not outrageously huge and overwhelming, but it still has just about everything I need in a mall.  In addition to a wide selection of stores, they have an above-average food court and you can always find good parking.  But what really wins me over as a fan of Kingway Garden Mall is the fabulous mother's room on the second floor.  I have never encountered a nicer room in a mall for changing and/or breastfeeding a baby.  I don't really need that now, as my child is a toddler, but it sure was nice when he was small.  And now Kingsway has a Target!  Woohoo!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,8/11/2014,35,101,7,5,2>I love the smell that hits you as soon as you walk through the door to this place, which is smoky and spicy and meat-y, all at the same time.  I also love the fact that the staff working the counter will do anything they can to help you, even if that means summoning one of the butchers from the back to come out front and answer your questions.I do not, however, love the fact that the butchers are penned up in that little room, away from all of their meat-loving fans.  I prefer free-range butchers, thank you very much.Still, a great spot to fill all of your carnivore needs in southeast Edmonton.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,8/10/2014,34,76,4,4,3>If you've never been to a Rapid Fire Theatre improv show, June is a great time to check it out. The Improvaganza festival in on, and it brings various improvisers, some even as far as Europe, to Edmonton for your amusement. The shows are consistently funny, and the age range is wide- there were kids under 10 y.o. in the crowd as well as a few folks who probably have to puree all their meals with a side of geritol. The humour is mostly family friendly, but beware that the odd swear word (gasp!) might be uttered by accident. You're pretty much guaranteed to hear the "S" word (Steamwhistle), and the "N" word (Nibs) in line for the concession though, and that's a good thing. Who wants to watch a show without a fistful of Nibs anyways?Improvaganza is a great value at $15/ticket, but I'd recommend getting tickets in advance as the popular shows tend to sell out. There are usually a few for sale at the door if you're in a gambling kind of mood too.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,8/9/2014,164,49,1,4,2>reviewing Sloppy Hoggs is easy.  Food is spectacular and all other BBQ places in YEG are now rated based on Sloppy Hoggs being the baseline standard of excellence.Looking around at what food items others have ordered as they are sent past our table make me simply want to come back again and again to try something else.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,8/8/2014,187,427,2,7,4>I've heard rumblings about a sushi place where the old outback steakhouse used to be. Finally, had the opportunity to go for a visit. And I'm happy to say, loved it!I just love the way the place looks. Very much a smooth contemporary design. Clean and neat in every way. They did a good design inside. It really spoke to me.I came here for lunch and ordered the Sashimi Bento special for 15$. The tempura was right on. However, the best part is the Sashimi. Although it only came with 3 pieces of Salmon and 3 pieces of Tuna, I have to say savored each bite. My sense was that it was prepped very well. Made my mouth water.There are better places in the city, but this is a great place that gets a check mark on atmosphere and food. In my opinion, worthy of 4 stars.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,8/7/2014,31,151,1,4,3>I'm conflicted about finding out about this place. It's very, very tasty. However I also live very close by and now I will be tempted to abandon my own home cooking and get more take-out from here :)We didn't feel like cooking on Canada Day so our friends suggested we order from Sukhothai. (P.S., pretty sure that Dial and Dine was not... no answer for my call for sushi, boooo) We placed an order for takeout, choosing some of their favourites, chicken red curry and pad thai, and some new stuff, beef basil stir fry and disco fish. Oh and coconut rice of course, fluffy and fragrant. Everything was really good - the red curry was amazingly spicy, pad thai noodles were perfectly chewy, beef basil had loads of thai basil. But the standout was the disco fish - a large halibut filet that was deep fried (light batter), moist and flaky on the inside. It came with a red sweet/sour/spicy sauce that had chopped up onions and peppers in it. It was so delicious - one of those things I could never replicate at home. Reasonable serving sizes - 4 dishes, 4 ravenous people, and we still had a little bit of leftover (lots of rice - they gave us two containers!).They accept Visa, and they offer 10% off pick up orders. The meal came to $25 per person after taxes and tip so overall not cheap, but not the most expensive either. It'll only become a problem when my husband and I start ordering the same amount of food for just the two of us on a regular basis... gotta have variety and leftovers! :)
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,8/5/2014,30,96,6,6,7>I love Stokes.  I don't even know if love is a strong enough word.They always have amazing sales and if you buy in large quantity, the manager will likely give you an extra discount.  I once found a tealight holder that I loved and decided I would need at least 12 of them.  So she slashed the price drastically.  Which encouraged me to change my mind and by 20 of them.  Now, any time I clumsily break one, there's a back up.  Great customer service if you ask me.This store has been my go-to place for house warming gifts for years.  No matter who you're shopping for, chances are you'll find something for them here.  I also have a bad habit of getting bored of my wine glasses every now and then, but I can always count on finding another well priced set at Stokes to feed my addiction without draining my bank account.Point is, even if i'm bored and don't necessarily need anything, I'll take a trip to Stokes just to check it out.  And I can't remember a time when I've ever left empty handed.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,8/4/2014,25,260,3,4,2>So I don't know how I've never spotted Don Day before. I've driven down Parsons Road a million times and never spotted it. The restaurant is tucked in the corner beside a few random shops but is worth checking out. It has a nice cozy feel to it when you first walk in. A little K-pop music videos in the background.For food, we really wanted to try one of their speciality hot pot dishes (next time!) but opted to share three dishes instead:- Stone chicken bi bim bap ($14) - always get the stone bi bim bap, that's what I learned from my travels in S. Korea. This one was good but needed hot sauce to give it a kick.- Seafood pancake ($16) - tasty but we both thought it could have used more crunch.- Potato noodles/jap chae ($18) - can't ever go wrong ordering jap chae. Noodles were cooked perfectly. A bit on the expensive side though...- Pan cha (side dishes) - kim chi and sea weed. I really enjoyed the sea weed. We also got a tofu clear soup with one of our dishes. Next time, I will go with more people so I can try their hot pot dishes! Nice little hole in the wall place to get some good Korean eats.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,8/3/2014,14,108,3,2,2>Great Hobbies has a huge selection of stock for RC enthusiasts and model builders. In addition to the kits themselves, the store has a wide inventory of parts, paints, and building supplies. They sort of bridge the gap between Hobby Alley and Hobby Wholesale. They have a little bit more than the former, especially as far as supplies are concerned, but not as much as the latter.This store has awesome personable, patient service. I like to build kits of Canadian military vehicles, which can be near impossible to find in this country. (How ironic is that?) And if you're able to find one, the store usually charges an arm and a leg for it (Comex Hobby). I went in to Great Hobbies recently looking for one of these hard-to-find model kits and the counter-dude (never got his name) went out of his way to help me find it. It turned out that Great Hobbies doesn't carry kits made by that company but he still did an internet search for me to help me find out what other stores in the area may sell it. (Nobody does.) I was disappointed to walk away empty handed but I appreciate that he took all that time to help me. There's always eBay.The only drawback to this store is its location. It's kind of out-of-the-way if you live in the centre of the city so it's only worth going there if you have a few things to pick up. The prices are decent though. They're a little cheaper than Hobby Wholesale. Great Hobbies is located in a more industrial part of town so their rent is probably lower than some of the other hobby stores, presumably allowing them to have cheaper prices. They don't have price tags on their stuff but they have price scanners inside.I'll be back.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2014,8/2/2014,19,47,5,5,4>Came to Hundred Bar Kitchen for the first time last night for a post-elite event.The service was incredible considering we had a table of about 20 people.  My water glass was never empty and for me that's a big thing.As a group we shared perogies, fries, tuna tartare, charcuterie board, and marghertia pizza.The perogies and fries were excellent and I wouldn't hesitate to order them again.  I was a little disappointed with the margherita flatbread; even though it was cooked perfectly, I found it bland.  My wife and I also ordered the Lobster butter leaf lettuce wraps to share.  I'll admit that lobster is outside of my usual comfort zone but the flavour was surprisingly excellent.   I only wish there was more lobster included to warrant the $19 price tag. To end the night, we shared house baked donuts with salted caramel fondue.  Two BIG thumbs up.  The bathrooms were gorgeous, the atmosphere was great but I would have liked to hear Will Smith's "Miami" at a slightly lower volume. Maybe I'm just old.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,8/1/2014,54,38,6,5,5>Let me start with my favorite word: Bacon. Ok, I'll come back to that. So as you may have seen from my previous review, my fiancée and I had a night stay at the Delta hotel and Sunday brunch here. It was a warm and cozy atmosphere to walk into. The server was friendly and got us coffee and juice right away and invited us to brunch buffet right away. What we found was the grand treasure of food! A pirate would have seen the treasure and screamed out "yaaaar, mateys!! We found the gold!" Fruit, various salads, eggs Benny, sausages scrambled eggs, French toast, and bacon was the breakfast side. Then were hot food items of BBQ chicken, salmon, dessert table, a carving station with a roast, and of course the omelette station! Wow!I swear I may have heard angels sing...As promised, let me tell you about this bacon. It was SMOKED bacon! When I looked at it, it didn't have the usual straight and greasy delicious look to it. It was a bit dryer and all curled up. It smelled heavenly and reminded me of cooking bacon over a camp fire. Amazing. Crunchy to the mouth and flavourful to taste as the juices and savior had been locked within. If anything I would go back for just the bacon. I left a happy camper.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,7/31/2014,24,223,2,11,2>After struggling for weeks with the decision, we decided that my older cat, who I have had since high school, needed to be put down. Her mind had been going for A few years, and ever since the birth of our son, she had been growing increasingly aggressive, to the point of trying to bite both of us while he was eating. After trying everything suggested to me by the behaviourists at the EHS, realizing she could never be rehomed or put up for adoption because of her behavioural and attachment issues, we took her in to Vet Emerg on Good Friday. They we absolutely wonderful, explaining all the other optionsands king sure we had tried everything and had all the information we needed to make the best choice. They made one of the hardest things I've ever had to do a little less devastating. It's nice to know that there are getting to be more good options out there for quality emergency animal care in the city. The clinic itself is not large, but is bright and clean and has everything it needs to makes sure your pet gets the best care.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,7/30/2014,130,261,3,7,3>I absolutely love this gem- and living a stone's throw away! While we don't do all of our regular grocery shopping here, the Italian Centre Shop is a total treat and I find myself here whether with my other half or by myself on almost a weekly basis!|Having recently moved up to Edmonton from Calgary, I have been trying to replace all of my favourite grocery markets, with my bread and oil cravings being of high priority (must be my Italian roots I guess). Enter Italian Centre Shop. I was freaking blown away when I first visited the downtown location; then the one near West Ed, and finally this one. It has seriously everything!I love to stop down every aisle and browse when I have the chance. Some of my favourite grocery staple finds are fresh breads such as Vegetarian Foccacia (picture your favourite foccacia, with the added delight of olives, banana peppers, capers, garlic, and artichoke hearts baked right in), the high quality oils and vinegars, fresh produce and herbs, accidentally vegan perogies in the freezer. For treats, I am consistently impressed by the organic teas in pretty packaging, dark chocolate selection, and I even picked up some vegan marzipan the other day for my baking. Sometimes I even find gifts here for others. IE- wooden roosters hand carved in Turkey? No way!I would definitely recommend this market to anyone looking to make their weekly grocery shop an adventure! Budget yourself at least half an hour to explore in here, and grab yourself a soy latte while you're at it!
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,7/29/2014,24,65,7,8,5>This was my first time at Cavalia, and it lived up to all my expectations - heck, it surpassed them!  I would recommend this to everyone and felt very fortunate to enjoy a five-star VIP experience tonight.We began with a delicious buffet including huge prawns, smoked salmon, brie with glazed walnuts, grilled asparagus - I think they had about all my favourite treats, along with a bar, and later a dessert buffet during intermission.The show itself is spectacular.  The horses (64 of them) seem to love their "jobs" and their human partners, and all the performers seemed genuinely happy.  Interspersed with the equine acts, both ethereal and daredevil,  were acrobatics (I've never seen so many continuous backflips in my life) and Cirque de Soleil aerial feats that are always beautiful and impressive.  The staging was quite impressive and will surprise you many times with what they can accomplish in a relatively small area.  After the show, some of the troupe were available for autographs and pictures, and the horses kindly allowed us to tour the stables and see them close up.Two big hooves up for this show!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,7/28/2014,35,96,2,10,3>Because the food trucks were sooooo lined up, we decided to duck into MEAT and finally give it a try.  I've been hitting the Next Act for just about 20 years (yup, I'm one of the regulars that kept it going during the lean years...ha ha) and really like what the new owners did when they took over a few years back - so we were super excited to try their new (adjacent) venture.  It was busy, but because we were a duo, they squeezed us in with one of the communal tables.  We scanned the menu and ordered a few items.  The food came fast and hot on a tray and it was way more than we could eat...but that didn't stop me from trying.The Pulled Pork was delicious on its own, but we poured a few of the provided sauces onto the tray and dipped....and dipped....and dipped.  Each different sauce had a distinctive taste that totally complimented the meat, each in unique ways.  The Fried Chicken was juicy under the crispy coating - just the way it should be.  For sides, we tried the beans (I wasn't a fan of beans until I tried this - and now I have a favorite!), the creamed corn which was delicious but a bit runny - luckily we also ordered the bread to sop it up.  We also tried the garlic fries which I assumed were going to be the same as the fries at the Act (which are top notch) with garlic powder sprinkled on, but were delighted to discover they were a different cut with subtle garlic flavoring.  Overall, the meal was outstanding and well worth the price.  The low point was the bread - it was a big slice of plain ol' white, but if you use it to clean up the plate as you make a mess, it is pretty functional.As others have noted, the sound is a bit loud - which is something I'm sure they'll work on.  And this is much more of a restaurant (as opposed to a pub - thus more family friendly) so I enjoyed a beer with my meal, then trucked next door to the Act to meet friends for more social drinking.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2014,7/27/2014,74,399,2,4,3>I've been pretty excited about Remedy coming to 124 Street, and now it's here! I'm breaking into my 10th celebratory dance right now!This location has already become my favourite location of all. As soon as I walked in, I was totally thrilled about the warm atmosphere. The other Remedy locations all have their own charm, but 124st is particularly appealing. Think big, colourful glass pendant lights--so pretty!Think hardwood floors.Think wood tabletops.Think multiple shelves of teaaaaaa!Think crazy glass towers slowly dripping coffee!This is totally a place I can park myself at for hours and just chill. This won't be hard at all with their yummy selection of Indian food and bad-for-me desserts. Vegan, gluten-free, raw--they have it all. It's awesome. Seriously.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,7/26/2014,54,92,2,4,3>I can't believe that I haven't submitted a review yet for this little gem! My newly minted husband and I came here for our first dinner date.  I was introduced to Dadeo many, many moons ago.  This is the kind of food that you crave!Local art pieces are displayed on the walls along with many vintage nicknacks here and there.  It is decorated like a 50s diner  with booths and individual jukeboxes on the tables.   Beer drinkers rejoice!  Dadeo partnered up with AlleyKat Brewery and has their own "Chili Lager" on tap that you cannot taste anywhere else.  It pairs delightfully well with just about anything that Dadeo has on the menu.  The butter biscuits and Jalepeno jelly are an aperitif to get that palate ready for what is to come.  The Jalepeno jelly is available for purchase at the front counter if you are ever so inclined!  The Po'Boys and the Steamed Mussels are what keep me coming back again and again.  My favourite Po'Boy is the Deep Fried Oyster, served up with a side of sweet potato fries!  These sweet potato fries are not your every day, run of the mill variety either - they are hand battered, fried to perfection and seasoned with Dadeo's cajun spice blend. Dadeo also serves my favourite dessert: Bananas Foster!  This is indeed a dessert experience!  Your server will come out with a cart that has all the ingredients.  They melt real butter and brown sugar together and then poach pieces of banana in it.  They then add dark rum and light it on fire to flambe it a bit.  This is then poured over premium vanilla bean ice cream and presented to you all table-side.  I usually like to save this for an annual thrill on my birthday!Why not five stars? Service has always been hit and miss for me.  There is one waitress that has been there for forever.  When I am in her section, it is always a pleasant experience.  Not so much with some of the other servers that I have had.Po'Boys are on special Mondays and Tuesdays.  Dadeo is sadly closed on Wednesdays.  Reservations are recommended as the joint is always hopping!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,7/25/2014,55,9,5,6,5>Wow.  Outstanding wine bar in St. Albert.  Kalyan is a great host. Had the Gazela Vinho Verde for half price on Wednesday.  A very interesting wine.Had the Duck Confit Cassoulet.   Absolutely outstanding.  It worked incredibly well with the toasties.Then the Bahn Mi as a follow up.   Saigon never had it so good.As an appy, Iberico Ham.  Good luck finding it somewhere else in the Capital Region.  Holy imported, Batman.Bring a first date here.  You'll get a second one...
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,7/24/2014,49,256,2,7,4>Cally's Teas is a great store featuring a wide selection of different kinds of tea, including organic teas, as well as various decorative items and tea accessories. I'm also told they serve food, but I have never purchased any myself. The staff here are super, super nice, and the tea prices are reasonable (usually about $8-12 for 100 g). Cally's has many tea flavors that are difficult to find elsewhere, even at other speciality tea shops. Love it!!!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,7/23/2014,32,92,4,3,3>First visit of the summer - had to wait for 20 minutes for a patio table on a Saturday afternoon but it was worth it (there were tables available inside but patio's a patio, right?)Had the halibut sandwich, would rate it as OK (too many flavored competing), but also had the Hulk burger... and that was holy crap rip-your-shirt fantastic! :) Add a couple of Alley Kat grapefruit pints - thank you for making it a regular on your menu! - and you have a perfect YEGMay patio Saturday afternoons! Oh and Brennan's service was awesome, too - thanks bud!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,7/22/2014,220,814,3,7,2>Brittany's Lounge is likely one of Edmonton's best-kept secrets when it comes to night spots - but that is changing. It's a place where many of Edmonton's finest musicians have been performing on a regular basis, where beautiful art hangs on the walls, where it is comfortable and spacious, and where good libations abound. Brittany is a warm, friendly host who makes her guests feel welcome. I finally visited the place because I myself was taking part in a show and played some music. From a musician's point of view, the sound system is excellent, the stage a perfect size, and the lighting is very cool. Don't let the location deter you - this is an artsy, cool, fun place!
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/23/2014,7/21/2014,85,580,1,7,3>I don't usually prescribe to the power of vitamins, but I was looking for a local shop that sold vegetable glycerin (for homemade face cleanser). It's not usually a staple item in the grocery stores and I didn't want to order it online. Plus I had no idea what it would look like, having never seen it before -- turns out it's just a bottle of clear liquid with gel-like consistency.Health Elective offers a couple of nice options, one small size and one larger. I bought the larger size (500ml and made in BC) for about $9, less than what a quarter of this size costs at Planet Organic. No brainer there!It's a great place for natural ingredients for homemade beauty remedies, stuff that many people may not know where to look at first, like witch hazel.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,7/20/2014,59,101,4,8,5>Last Saturday, I dragged Sharon up at the crack of dawn (that's 11am people) to Yuzen in St. Albert for their Saturday-only ramen. Ramen is one of my all time favorite foods. It's a shame that, at the time of writing, I only have one post tagged as ramen. Edmonton just doesn't have a lot of options! And although we have no designated ramen houses, we do have Japanese restaurants that serve ramen. Most notable is Nomiya's ramen on Calgary Trail, a go-to place for Joe and I when we're craving noodles other than pho or bun bo hue. So when word started spreading that Yuzen's ramen was better than Nomiya's... well you know what happens next.Most important to note, the restaurant doesn't open until 11:30am. So although I told Sharon we needed to be up and at 'em for 11am, we ended up patiently waiting in the parking lot for the that signage to light up with the beautiful words, "open". We weren't the only ones. Our car neighbors, also of the Asian sorts, were also waiting for this once a week ramen. That's a good sign? I wonder how far they traveled! Saturday lunch at Yuzen is ramen only! No sushi orders and no other menus aside from their ramen menu.I was expecting only one style of ramen, so it was a surprise when five options were available. That's like a full ramen house! Nice to see the traditional four broths plus a Tantan-men. All bowls are served with cha-siu (sliced BBQ pork), menma (bamboo shoots), negi (green onion), nori (dried seaweed) unless otherwise stated. Extra toppings could also be added on and if a bowl of soupy noodle goodness just didn't cut it for you, traditional sides are available, such as: gyoza (Japanese pork dumplings), ebi shumai (shrimp dumplings), rice bowls, or fried rice.Sharon initially wanted to order the Tantan Men, a sesame paste based broth that's actually a Chinese dish (also known as dan dan noodles). I've had some experience with tantan ramen before and it is just not my style. Rich in flavor, creamy, thicker sesame-based broth, and sometimes with a hint of peanut sauce, I find it overpowering and hard to finish a whole bowl. Don't get me wrong, it's delicious. But not what I think of when ramen comes to mind. Having expressed my opinions, Sharon ordered the Tonkotsu, a pork bone broth. Her bowl came out as a thickly clouded white broth, creamy, and traditional of that style. That's what happens when bones, fats, and collagen are boiled over a long period of time! The standard toppings completed her dish, creating a homecooked meal look. Sharon enjoyed it although couldn't compare it to Nomiya's, believing that either would be good and you'd have to do a side by side comparison to really point out a winner.I decided to order my standard fare that I usually get at Nomiya, a spicy miso. Miso broths use a ton of miso paste and blended into chicken or fish stock, and even sometimes crossed over with Tonkotsu broth. The result is a slightly sweeter, nuttier? flavor, and not quite as thick as the Tonkotsu or Tantan-men. Instead of cha-shu, my bowl came with ground pork and beansprouts. If you know me at all, you know I cannot eat ramen without a soft-boiled egg.A ajitsuke tamago, a soft-boiled marinated egg, is what makes a ramen dish complete to me. Without it, I'd have to deduct at least two stars out of five. The menu states just tamago, which most will associate as a sweet egg omelet found on sushi, but in general it just means egg. First, I will say the egg is approved. Perfectly cooked so that the whites are solid and the yolk a molten lava-like consistency. There's been so many times when I get an overcooked egg and I just want to cry. I actually always have to ask Nomiya to undercook my egg... for fear of such a thing ruining my bowl of ramen. A sliced egg would have been A+ for presentation though! Anyways, moving on from my egg problems. The broth had depth, was full of flavor, and not overly salty. Definitely felt like a homemade meal. Heat level could have been amped up a bit, but the ground pork was soaked in a spicy marinade as well.Overall thoughts? I would return here. It's not the best ramen I've ever had (oh, far from it!), but it's as close as Edmonton can get. Both Yuzen and Nomiya have comparable ramen, none of which are made in house. Some ramen go-ers would turn up their nose to that fact alone, but I don't mind the store-bought noodles. Cooked to the right consistency and combined with a flavorful broth, it's enough for me to return. I did enjoy the fact that a bowl at Yuzen wasn't overly seasoned as with Nomiya's, but if you're going for portion size, Nomiya's is bigger for very similar pricing ($12 at both locations, after additional charge for my egg). I appreciate Yuzen's efforts in making their broths the night before and focusing on only ramen for the lunch period. If only they can make this all the time!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,7/19/2014,136,590,1,13,4>What a stunning venue! I was brought here for a banquet dinner and awards ceremony and needless to say I was very impressed. There were cocktails in the front area when we arrived where people could mingle and check out the huge fish tank! Once we proceeded in for dinner we found all of the tables beautifully set. The food was amazing, and the room was prefect for the awards presentation. Everything was well decorated, well lit and the stage was set up perfectly. It's also one of the few venues in Edmonton that can hold 350 people! I was extremely impressed with the Oasis Center as a venue and would definitely consider holding events here in the future!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,7/18/2014,36,173,1,6,5>I am going to go ahead and bump Big Al's up to a 5 star review.  Reason being: they saved my giant pleco, Gunther.  Here's the story:I have a turtle, and he is super messy!  He also needs special lighting; this all helps to support the growth of algae.  So a couple years ago, I decided to get a pleco for Turtle's tank to help with the algae.  Everything was hunky dory; just fine...until a few weeks ago.All of a sudden, seemingly out of nowhere, Turtle started tormenting poor Gunther.  He would constantly nip at him.  Thinking he was either hungry or bored, I started giving him more food in the morning before I left for work, and also started taking him out of his tank for longer/more often.Nonetheless, Turtle continued to torment poor Gunther, and I was starting to get pretty upset about it (yeah, yeah...it's just a fish.  You and my BF can joke and laugh about how ridiculous I was being about this silly fish some other time...).  Having heard rumours that Big Al's might take my fish for me, I decided to give them a call.I explained the situation, and they agreed they would take Gunther for me (after expressing quite a few times that I was not to expect a credit - even after I said that I didn't care about a credit, I just felt terrible for my poor fish).  So I packed up my fish, and made my way to Big Al's.  I am not going to lie, but I felt awful about having to do this since I am a firm believer that pets - any pet - are a lifetime (their lifetime) commitment.  Nevertheless, this fish was massive, so it was more than just switching him over to one of our other 2 fish tanks as they were simply too small for him.  I had tried to give him away to a friend, but quickly put a stop to that when she told me that she "hoped" Gunther would be big enough that her other aggressive fish wouldn't kill him like he had all the others.Anyway, the staff at Big Al's took my fish for me, and I am confident that he is enjoying his new life without that big menacing bully after him constantly.  Big thank you to the staff at Big Al's for giving me that piece of mind!
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,7/17/2014,14,82,,3,1>I have been to this place twice now. And both times I was impressed with the food. I was a little doubtful when I first walked in, it seemed too gimmicky to be good, but I was proven wrong! The pizza was delicious. Big toppings. The crust is good, there is a lot there, but not what I would consider too much. Pizza wise, I have tried Bad to the Bone and The Founder's Pie. Both excellent. A large will feed 3 hungry adults.The mozz bread as an appetizer both times. The Garlic is nice, but my favourite is the Brown Sugar Mozz bread. They have a good kids' menu and very generous portions. The leftovers you end up taking home are just as good. (so order more!)If you are a fan of onion rings theirs have the right everything. Good crunch, right amount of breading, not oily. I can't wait to visit again!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,7/16/2014,21,65,1,3,2>What is it with Edmonton (or Sherwood Park) and good strip mall establishments?  It is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma.We went here for a work lunch during a blizzard last week.  Warm pasta turned out to be the perfect remedy for cold weather.I had a small linguine with spicy italian sausage sauce, and a chicken parmigiana on  the side. The spicy italian sausage was perhaps the best pasta sauce I've ever had; it was a perfect amount of spice so as to not overwhelm the flavour.  The pasta also tasted fresh, likely because it was made on site.The only room for improvement was the chicken parm.  It lacked flavour and was obviously part of a mass chicken parm production. No one likes a shit ton of cold chicken, to be sure.It turns out that they offer all-you-can-eat pasta, if one orders a large serving size.  But all-you-can-eat  pasta is about as appealling to me as all-you-can-eat bread; I just can't stomach that many carbs.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,7/15/2014,21,54,,6,3>I have to admit, I haven't been to Block 1912 enough times to formulate a full opinion, but I always felt uneasy at that place, and last night it I was able to figure out why.The food, the coffee, the gelato, the desserts, are heavenly! Everything they make tastes incredible, and that's what keeps me coming back, but...My only issue with this place is the ordering process, people always seems lost as to where to line up and where to pick up. I know that might sound ridiculous, but for me these 2 points are pivotal in a coffee shop.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,7/14/2014,32,106,,5,2>29 Armstrong is a wonderful place for mid to high-end modern decor and furniture. From light fixtures to bedding, lotions and creams, and knickknacks, the product selection is impressive. Most of what they carry is well-designed, novel and progressive. The staff have always been conversational, and come over to tell you about the pieces you're looking at, and explaining their current promotions and sales. It seemed that during my last visit, the clearance sale was in full swing, and most of the things that I wanted were marked down. I will definitely be back to scope out next purchases before this promotion is over!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,7/13/2014,40,61,,3,2>Really nice food and service here, at a reasonable price.  The owner and staff are super nice - giving us actual smiles!  No, not the usual fake smiles, but a smile that makes you believe they are genuinely happy to see you.  It leaves a big impression.The bubble tea is great stuff, especially when you mix and match fresh fruit flavours, but the bubble tea isn't as varied in range as can be found elsewhere.  I'm not complaining, but I'm sure someone else will notice.  Bet on takeout as there aren't many tables due to space constraints.One last thing: if you have allergies, be careful.  I had a nasty peanut reaction after having the war wonton soup with hot sauce,  so if you have nut allergies, please check before getting the hot sauce!
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,7/12/2014,32,60,2,8,7>So I drive by this place all the time for years, never really knew about it or pay attention to it. A friend recommended we grab lunch there, and I was excited cause it was something new. Walked in and bam, it was an Indian buffet, and boy do I love buffets . They seated us right away, the dinning room was about 3/4 full, and the decor was smoothing, the steel water cups were cool to use. At the buffet they offered a wide variety of popular Indian dishes , I tried what I was craving , safforon rice, Currey chicken, their lamb Currey , and the yummy desserts, everything was hot and fresh. Service was good, empty plates were taken almost immediately when we were done . I now know where to go when I have cravings for Indian food now!
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,7/11/2014,13,82,1,6,5>It is impossible to leave Pampa without feeling like your stomach is going to burst at any moment.  There are several factors that contribute to the reason you'll end up in this state:1)  Price.  Although I consider the price to be totally worth it, there's that buffet mentality that kicks in and you feel like you need to eat as much as you can to get your money's worth.  Salad bar, yes please!  10 types of BBQ meat, bring it on!  Free cheese breads? Sure, I'll have three!A few things to note about price:  the price for dinner has gone up by $5 from last year and is now $49.95 per person.  As well, beware that you have to pay for water at this place, to the tune of $2/person. I'd rather have Edmonton's finest than Q water, thank you!2)  Selection.  There are 10 types of meat, including 5 beef, 2 chicken, 2 pork and one lamb.  Almost all of them are delicious and you feel like you need to try at least a bit of each.  This quickly leads to a full stomach after you've also indulged in the salad bar for some pasta salad, veggies, pickles, etc.  my favourites are the Parmesan pork loin, bacon wrapped chicken, and ribeye.  3)  Taste.  The meat is delicious!  The servers come around and shave some meat off for your plate, and once they've done this several times the spit is sent back to the BBQ for more cooking and seasoning.  This means that almost every piece is super flavourful and hot off the grill.For the best Pampa experience you can feel free to implement my strategy- starve yourself all day to make lots of room for this wonderful plethora of meat!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2014,7/10/2014,114,46,4,8,5>I have met the owner Sylvain in his early stages of designing this facility, he looked to car clubs and businesses that owned many fleet vehicles to see what they would like in a carwash. His homework paid off, what he has now is a state of the art facility, not just ahead of the curve in Edmonton, but the cream of the crop in North America. I could explain in detail how his use of grey water makes this place work, but most won't even know what greay water is, lets just skip to why you will love it here.If you like all the high tech toys then this place is right for you. Just touch the screen to choose your product wash rinse soap air for your tires are just a few options. When you have complete it you can chose to have the reciept emailed to you so you don't have another piece of paper to lose.If you like retro style well just look around, neon lighting sets the bays off, you are greeted by Elvis on the touch screen and the old records and vehicles on the wall will make you feel like you have been ported back in time.The also have many bays for washing up the big rigs, along with a very fast (2minute no wait) Drive Thru Wash that should you chose you can purchase unlimited washes monthly. I used this one time and my car was not the as clean as I expected, the next time it was perfect. They were still working out a few minor bugs.When all is said and done don't miss the chance to check out the retail shop up front where you can get all of your favorite Retro snacks and they even have an automated milkshake machine that puts out some great shakes.It could be my love for things that are retro, but all in all this place will make you feel good about washing your car.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,7/9/2014,97,490,1,5,4>Expressionz is as much of a community space as it is a cafe. The space is rather cavernous and has somewhat of a banquet hall feel, but a bit funkier. This review is not for its standard Monday-Friday service, but for its periodically held "Taco Day." This one occurred on a Saturday - June 28. And as a taco lover, I'm a fan.  While unfortunately, you cannot just order one taco for say, $3 the platter of 4 for $12 was a good deal. And the good thing was that you could mix and match meats. I particularly enjoyed the carnitas, which is always a good test for a taqueria.The other meats - suadero (generally flank steak), al pastor (more pork), and chorizo - were all quite tasty as well. I downed them a bit too quickly.Tortillas were fresh and homemade - this is as good as the best taquerias in the mission district in San Francisco. Portions were generous and included lots of lime, which is even more generous, given the prices of limes these days.My wife enjoyed her vegetarian tacos - filled with marinated poblano chiles. The chef kindly added cheese to her tacos.We finished our meal with a deliciously moist slice of Tres Leches Cake filled with peaches. The chef on taco day is the same as on the other days of the week - so I'm intrigued to check out their standard menu on some other day, or on Thursday nights, when they host a dinner with a rotating ethnic theme.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,7/8/2014,21,40,2,6,6>I love the setup of this little bistro. Located on the upper floor of The Enjoy Centre, the space is full of light and feels very open and inviting.  I dined here for brunch and ordered the Corn Cakes, which come with a poached egg, avocado salsa and a (local) chili and fennel sausage. Delicious! Everything tasted fresh and flavourful, and the sausage was hearty and not greasy. Others at my table also enjoyed their meals. Prices are on the higher end, but not at all unreasonable.  I would definitely dine here again. Recommended!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,7/7/2014,68,383,1,6,4>Anytime I mention wandering around downtown Edmonton to my mother on the phone she always without fail asks me if I spent any time in Glenora. She lived and worked in the area as a young woman so when I am downtown I make a genuine effort to visit the area and invest some of my money into the local businesses so we can swap stories and compare the changes that have taken place over the years.I decided to stop in for lunch at the Glenora Bistro today and had probably one of the best experiences I have had eating out in quite some time. The decor and menu at the Glenora are simple and comforting. You won't find any Asian fusion or dance music down here...just good food and nice people. The lady serving me was very welcoming when she found out I was a first time customer and offered lots of great personal recommendations from the menu. I went with the Bison burger which was unbelievably delicious. The patty was so thick and juicy and the toppings were super fresh. This doesn't look like the kind of place that would offer a great burger but after one bite I had literally achieved burger nirvana.If you are in the area it would be a crime not to check this place out at least once.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2014,7/5/2014,15,13,,3,2>South Edmonton's best Chinese! Small place but great for pick up! This is a mom and pop shop, but provides great quality of food, the best I have had in Edmonton for awhile. There is plenty to choose from and it's always fresh. Very quick and conveniently located beside the grocery store and liquor store.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,7/4/2014,75,11,6,22,12>We were in Fort Saskatchewan tonight and a friend told us about a new place that had just opened, The Downtown Diner. I'm not typically a diner fan, but dang, I'm a fan of THIS diner! Everything was great from the atmosphere, to the food, to the service.Atmosphere: perfectly dinerish (if that's a word). It's super cute, clean, and looks exactly how you'd imagine a diner to look. Music was 50's. Perfect. I'll add some photos.Food: SO GOOD. We had:Monte Cristo with fries: this was the best monte cristo I have ever had. They bake it in puff pastry. It was croissant-like, but more substantial than a croissant. The turkey and ham inside were top quality. No cheap cold cuts. They freshly roast their own turkey. Fries were excellent as well. They were delicious fresh cut potatoes, and get this, they make their own ketchup in-house, and it's really good. I mean come on, who makes their own ketchup? It really shows how much the owners of this restaurant care.Fried Chicken: Wow. Some kind of cornflake and honey crispy fried chicken. Crunchy and tasty with just a hint of sweetness. Perfectly cooked, moist and delicious chicken. Served with some tasty potatoes, green beans, and cauliflower. Now, they don't just heat up some frozen veggies. They're using fresh vegetables and actually put some effort into the preparation and seasoning of them. A very well put together dish.Ol' Time Turkey: It's seriously thanksgiving or Easter dinner, served all year long, and it's as good as your mom makes it. Perfect moist and juicy turkey, very nice gravy, cranberry sauce, and TRUFFLED stuffing. Yeah, they use truffles in the stuffing, and it's bonkers good. This dish is only $13. I think if you went there every day to eat this you'd eventually bankrupt the business. I don't know how they can put together a dish this good for that price.Mac and Cheese: best I've ever had in a restaurant. Saucy and cheesy with a tasty crispy panko crust on top. Really well done.Strawberry Milkshake: delicious. It was exactly how a milkshake should be. It's about the most perfect setting for sharing a single milkshake with three straws as I could imagine.Service: Friendly and fast, but not too invasive. What more could you ask for?This is amazing, home cooked, professionally cooked, food. For cheaper than what you'd pay at Boston Pizza. I assume they'll have to raise their prices in the near future because it has to be hard to make a living serving food of this quality at those prices. Comparing this place to Route 99 diner in Edmonton, it's night and day. It's like the Route 99 has teenagers being paid minimum wage cooking frozen food, and The Downtown Diner has professional chefs.We don't get to Fort Saskatchewan very often, but I think we'll start making trips out just to go eat here.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,7/3/2014,82,54,,4,2>Take everything that's great about Elm Cafe and add in a bigger, more central downtown location, Phil and Sebastian coffee beans from Calgary and lemon meringue pies and you've got District Coffee Co.Don't wait too late in the afternoon to visit, most of baked goods are gone after lunch time is over.Looking forward to getting to try the waffles on the weekend.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,7/2/2014,158,543,4,6,5>I had SOOOOO much fun at Edmonton Paintball Centre yesterday with Yelp's Club Fit!  The night was bit of a comedy of errors as we had been stuck behind a funeral procession with HUNDREDS of motorcycles.  we arrived about 20 minutes late and the staff were super friendly.  The place was huge and unbelievable.  I'm a total newbie to this but I can totally see the need to own my own paintball gun! I had to duck out early as I had won fix to go to the Luke Bryan meet and greet backstage at Rexall only a few hours before the event!  I know, hey?  What are the odds but I couldn't miss out on my first experience paint balling.  When hubby and I ducked out early and apologized to the staff they were SUPER nice about it and offered to take our place meeting Luke Bryan and extended a free pass for Luke Bryan to come paintball ;-)The gear provided was MORE than adequate with coveralls ranging in all sizes, gloves, masks, and body armour (chest protector).We were there in a large group with the place closed for just us!  So we got to play games like capture the flag.  I really could not have asked for a better experience and I definitely plan on coming back.  I don't know if I'm ready for drop-in yet and being pelted by some pros but I definitely think another group event or party here would be wicked!  I can see some birthday parties or adult group nights in my future.Thank you Edmonton Paintball for a great experience!
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,7/1/2014,30,58,3,6,4>One word - priceless. The Segway River Valley Tour was fun & well delivered. The instructor gave a detailed tour on safe operation of the Segway before allowing us to take it for a ride. It was an invaluable experience through the sponsorship of YelpFitnessYEG. Without the organised event through YelpFitness, I would have never known about the River Valley Adventure Co and the rentals that they provide for outdoor activities. The Segway ride for one - was an eye opener. I once thought Edmonton can't be anymore exciting than the amount of snow it gets every Winter month. Although to be honest, I love the snow in Alberta. I really think it's amazing to be snowed down heaps even in the event of an untimely manner i.e. snow in spring. Since the Segway tour, I find Edmonton to be a little bit more interesting actually. I really do want a Segway of my own now. The ride was superbly fun and I can't deny that.There is indeed more to be ventured than what I knew..
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,6/30/2014,42,86,,9,5>The Enjoy Centre is one of St. Albert's brightest gems. Visit the place on a weekend and grab a beautiful brunch at the Glasshouse Bistro, a cup of delicious Iconoclast coffee from the cafe, some decorative plants from Holes, and a wheel of Sylvan Star gouda from the Amaranth Whole Foods Market.There's plenty to see and do at the centre for those who love to eat and shop local! The centre also hosts some great events, such as the Sturgeon Valley Wine and Food Festival, and produces some great programs and workshops for budding gardeners, sommeliers, and much more.Well worth a visit!
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,6/29/2014,22,29,,4,3>Stopped in here mid-way through a river valley bike ride and it was the perfect halfway point. The brunch menu is as good as you'd find at any small restaurant and they have a nice selection of fresh sandwiches on baguettes from a nearby bakery.I went for the breakfast burrito, though it was hard to skip the special of pulled pork eggs benny. It all worked out though.The burrito was stuffed with scrambled eggs, topped with sour cream, and some fresh greens, and it all sat upon a tasty tomatillo and tomato puree. I tried one of their cocktails - a bourbon infused tea drink - and will have to come back for the Alberta Mojito.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,6/28/2014,9,1,,6,3>This place has the best. Persian. Food. Evar!! Try the fesenjoon: its an amazing pomegranate walnut chicken stew that is to die for. It sounds crazy.. But its ridiculously awesome. Oh and good for your brain btw.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,6/27/2014,8,21,,4,3>Cutest little sandwich shop you'll ever see. It's tiny in there, but both the sanwiches + coffee pack a real punch and are fairly unique recipe wise. Incredibly hip, and a great option for university students looking for eclectic lunch options.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,6/26/2014,21,105,,4,2>This little shop is in the building I work in. There are many bitterly cold days in Edmonton, and sometimes you just want a nice hot bowl of soup. We've been back to Zenari's for lunch/soup multiple times now and I have been pleased with the food each time. The chowder is not too thick, and the minestrone is full of veggies, both with a side of fresh bread. I can't recall the other soups I've had, but I do remember enjoying them. Perfect for a cold YEG day, or any day you feel like you may have a touch of a cold.  We've also tried their sandwiches which were well made on fresh bread with good flavour. (There are no-mayo options). We tried a Crostonis on our last visit and it was excellent. They usually have a nice variety with fresh veggies, meats, and sauces, baked to order. When you arrive, there is typically a line along the front counter and out the door. It moves decently fast. You can eat in and they bring your meal to your table. It can be tough to find a seat during a weekday lunch hour. Service can occasionally be a bit slow over lunch hour as well. I love the patio style set up that spills into the loby area, plus the little kitchen supply shop to the side. Great unique little finds in there. I have no doubt we will find our way back here again soon.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,6/25/2014,11,19,,5,2>We have ordered from this restaurant weekly since there opening.  The restaurant has friendly staff and a very nice upscale interior.   Lunch is packed in here so you need to get here early for seating.   Unlike many yelpers, I judge a restaurant as a package, not a dish.  I have read the other yelps regarding the Pho.  I thought the Pho was OK but not amazing as the other yelpers have said.That being said, my staff and I usually order the Vermicelli bowls and subs for lunch.  I can tell you that they are delicious.  The portions are great and the experience is always great.I always order the vermicelli bowl with everything in it.  It's simply delicious, healthy and fast for lunch.  My body always thanks me for eating a healthy delicious lunch over a burger lol.The subs are savoury and something to be tried.  Each one is very unique and delicious.  Everyone's favourite is the beef satay sub.  It's spicy, crispy scrumptious. One other thing I would like to mention is their bubble teas are very good.  I love the tarot and green apple.I think this restaurant will only get better with time and personally think they are a great addition to the 124st restaurants.Welcome to the neighbourhood. :)
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,6/24/2014,3,206,,11,2>A new blues music venue for Edmonton.  If you like blues music go down and give them your support. They are going to try to have live music most nights.  Bill Bourne band was playing when I went and people were dancing!  They seem to have good cooks and have an interesting menu, that is better than bar food.  I really like their home made coleslaw.  The corn bread I don't like: after eating corn bread in Georgia, they need to change their recipe.  Otherwise meals are good!  Inside it looks like a lounge with a large stage in the back.  There are two bar style counters.  Small tables throughout.  Free WIFI.  The place is located in the old Rusty Reed's bar.  Nice casual place with new stainless steel kitchen.  Bottles of domestic beer were only $5.25.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,6/23/2014,9,24,2,9,5>I had no idea this place had popped up!The idea of having a popsicle bar has healthy all natural products is a step in the right direction! made fresh daily and so many flavours to choose from. I chose pistachio dipped in chocolate. It was to die for, I had no idea I would like it this much!First you pick your flavour, they have them all out for you to see. There is Yogurt based, milk based and ice based (great if your vegan or PALEO like myself) Once you choose your pop, they ask if you would like it to be dipped. they have dark, milk, white and mint chocolate. you can have it half dipped (you can then pic 2 if you like) or full dip. then if you are so inclined, you can have it covered in nuts, sprinkles or coconut flakes.This is a must try for anyone in the city! great for kids and they cater events with mini pops as well!*TO ADD!!!by some magic ability these do not melt all over you into a sticky mess, i walked around the sweaty mall for about 25 min munching on the pop. Not a single drop came off. the texture was soft and chewable, it didnt send chills through my body. Perfect texture and tempurature and 0 mess!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,6/22/2014,49,79,3,7,3>Everybody I was telling I was coming here told me they had done a spin class before and it was "meh" I came with very lowered expectationsSamson top 3 Stats1. Hates Cardio2. Bench presses 300 lbs3. Hates CardioSeriously, I only came here because of the Yelp Fit Club and I probably would have bailed last minute if Anything else came up . "Oh your goldfish is looking sickly? I could come watch that"So, let me say when I give it a 5 star review it's not based on anything but the fact that Tru Ride took a gym rat like me a turned me into a Tru Believer.Here's why I like it. Most gyms will offer a spin class, I even have a spin bike in my Condo gym.It's not about the equipment.It's about the whole Tru experience. And gentle readers, don't just gag and say, "whatever". The experience begins at the front desk, it's cool and not intimidating . The whole studio is very novice friendly.And it has it's own fancy water bar! Free! I love fancy water if I don't pay for it.The whole experience is about the actual spin experience, and I'll tell you about it.It's awesome.Spin here is a cool, classy , mind blowing experience. The lights are turned low, the music is pumping and the instructors are great.The best way to describe the difference between the Tru Ride experience and the free class you get at your gym is this.Have you ever turned down the lights in your house , and just blasted the tunes , maybe danced around like an idiot? I have.And that's what the experience here was like.I felt like I had my own personal fitness instructor, playing fun music, and all i had to do was pedal.Spin is an awesome cardio experience, and Tru Ride turns a monotonous experience into something you can love doing.I hate cardio. See the stats above. And now I'm a Tru Blue Fan!ProsFunGreat CardioClassyConsYou will get sweaty, really sweaty1 shower in the change room.... ahem..I said I'd be sweatyNo lockers in the change room.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,6/21/2014,69,217,2,5,2>Believe the hype. This is the best fried chicken in town but I think in western canada too!Its a small family owned restaurant in a commercial area of edmonton. Hidden in a corner beside tge tin palace. Once inside the cooks start cooking the chicken. It has maybe seating for 25 people and the place is full of koreans enjoying this fantastic chicken. Not knowing how to order I ordered a 5 piece meal with fries and rice. I asked for half and half. We got two korean fried chicken with sauce and three pieces of fried chicken. The outer skin was super crispy and surprisingly light. No flavours of grease or heaviness noted. But the chicken smothered in a flavourful sauce was a sweet surprise. Sweet and tangy it was unique and addictive. I needed to order more sauce for the other pieces bc it was insanely better tasting with it. Dont bother with the regular chicken. Its good but the korean chicken was amazing. I normally can barely finish 2 pieces of kfc. But here I gobbled down 3 so quick I barely breathed while chewing. I wanted to eat more but I just couldnt. So yummy.Highly recommended for the best fried chicken in edmonton!!! Stop by and see for yourself. The added bonus is that you are supporting local small businesses in our city too!!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,6/20/2014,353,217,3,10,3>What a nifty little place! I came with a small group of friends on a Sunday afternoon and we were able to get a table, no problem. As soon as I walked through the door, I spotted Jumanji calling out my name like it was written in the stars. Turns out, the game is actually not as fun as I thought it was as a child. But never fear, there are thousands (okay, I may be exaggerating) of other games to choose from. Next, we played Cards Against Humanity, and Scrabble (Onyx Edition, the one with a rotating board and grooves for the tiles so that they don't move around-- talk about high class). We stayed for a few hours, each had some bevies and snacks. I didn't get a brownie, but my pal did. I had a bite and it was seriously to DIE for. So good! All around good-times and great crowd of nice people! Love their tab system. The staff was very nice, friendly, kept their distance while you were playing but still watched to clear your dirty dishes as you finished up your snacks. Like I said before, they have a huge collection of games. But they only have multiple units of some of them... so if you have a popular game in mind, it might already be in use when you get there. Overall, I can't wait to go back! My only qualm is the location, which is a bit tough to get to if you rely on ETS. Let me know if you're down for a game of Scrabble-- I'm unbeatable! :P
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,6/19/2014,28,93,,4,3>I heard about the shop a few years ago when I bought a deal site voucher.They've been very helpful when I've come for service. I have fair mechanical background (yes, girls can fix cars too), and the mechanic spoke to me without speaking down to me as many in the past have.You can book appointments online, or call. They are an all-makes shop, and my little Hyundai keeps on ticking with some loving care. Had my struts replaced last year, a little battery trouble this year, and they pointed out my A/C compressor is likely failing slowly.Their system will send out auto-reminders for service based on approximate mileage.  It's a great system... if you drive your car! :D Since I put less than 3,000kms on the car every year. It's not entirely accurate, but you can modify the mileage in the system yourself, so it won't keep telling your your service is overdue. Just look for the update button near the bottom of the reminder email you receive!I find it a bit challenging to get all the way up to the shop since they're only open weekdays, but it isn't horribly far from the train station, (except when it's -30C out), and they will drop you at the train.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,6/18/2014,53,55,,6,1>A group of us went there for lunch. With 9 people, there were no complaints. The Red Curry Chicken as excellent as was the Curried Beef and Cashew Chicken. The service was timely and polite and the servers often filled the water and or the tea without anyone noticing. They were very good. I would recommend this to anyone who likes Thai food.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,6/17/2014,24,122,,5,4>On The Rocks isn't generally a place I would find myself heading to on a weekend evening, but last year at work I won a cookie bake off contest.  The prize was a gift card for On The Rocks, so I decided to make a night of it with a bunch of co-workers.  We arrived around 6 pm on a Friday, and the place was pretty much dead.  It didn't start picking up until 9:30 or so, and because I left on the early side (11 pm), I didn't get to experience the crowding that other reviewers have commented on.   The food I ordered was great, much better than the standard bar fare I was expecting.  I had the chicken tenders (real chicken, no pressed meat, good seasoning), and our table shared the nachos.  I liked the fries that came with my chicken tenders, as well as the wild cherry aioli for dipping, it definitely made the meal for me.  Our waitress was amazing.  We were moving tables and spilled a full beer by accident, and she took it off our bill - same with another beer that a friend ordered when he told her he didn't like it (he drank it anyway).  She also handled all our bills separately in our big group, and brought our orders promptly.  When our server switched over later in the night, we also felt well taken care of.  We were never short on water or drinks if we wanted them.  Both servers we had were definitely trained well and professional.As someone in their late twenties, I didn't feel out of place on the dance floor at On the Rocks.  The live rock music was good, and I think it brings out people who aren't just 18 and looking to go club hopping for the night.  The atmosphere might have changed later in the night, but while we were there it was a good time.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,6/16/2014,187,341,,3,4>Brand new noodle house on 118 Ave. I saw the sign go up and construction begin a few months ago and I was excited to check it out. It's bright and spacious on the inside - none of this tables too close together business. Decor is minimal and pleasant. Our waitresses were very nice, friendly and professional. There are quite a few dishes to choose from - soups, bowls, etc. I had a classic pho and it was fantastic! Very flavourful, rich broth and so many noodles! Can't remember the price but it was around $9. Everything on the menu was reasonably priced.As we walked out the man I assume is the owner greeted us and he seemed to be a really nice guy, too. Will definitely return.* DEBIT AND CASH ONLY *
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,6/15/2014,15,131,,3,1>Langano Skies is an impressive restaurant. I really enjoyed all of the vegetarian food. It was full of flavour and was cooked perfectly. The service and atmosphere were also really great. I would recommend going with a bunch of people, just so you can try more things.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,6/14/2014,41,524,,4,3>I've walked by this restaurant hundreds of times but have never been in! I'm glad my friend suggested we try it for Downtown Dining Week.  We made reservations (which I would recommend as it filled up quickly) and arrived a few minutes before noon on a Friday. Once we looked at the menu, we couldn't decide what to order! But we both decided to get the DDW specials as they wouldn't last and we could come back to try other things.  We both selected the greens over the soup, and I had the beef stroganoff and my friend had the fish and chips.  I didn't like my greens as much, likely due to the pickled vegetables making it a little sour for my liking.  The stroganoff was a hearty meal that I wasn't sure I could finish but it was too good not to.We were seated at the table right by the front window so the noise level was fine.  With the restaurant full, it might get a little noisy.  The service was good and for $15, I was happy with my meal.  Will definitely return to try other items off the menu!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,6/13/2014,40,145,,4,4>We had the pleasure of eating here for a birthday party on a Friday night.Upon entering, half of the store is modelled like a restaurant and the other half is a simple community grocery.Francesco, the owner, greeted us and we actually had the whole place to ourselves. We started with the house wine (Merlot) and was treated to the first course: fresh pizzette, arancini quattro formaggio and misto in house cured capicollo. The pizza, although a sample, was not greasy at all. The consistency of the cheese was soft and had the right amount of elasticity to melt in your mouth. The arancini was nice and crispy and the cheeses were not too overwhelming. Glancing over the counter to the open kitchen, I realized the owner's grandfather was preparing our meals which is a bigger treat to be served food done traditionally. I'm glad I have the chance to experience cuisine from a generation that I may not be able to taste in the future.Our next dish was hand cut gnocci alla bolognese and homemade conquille alla bosco. I've never ventured to Italy but this is by far. The best. Gnocci you'll ever taste. Yes, I've added periods for extra emphasis on how fresh, tender, and soft the gnocci was. It literally sings in your mouth with the right amount of consistency: it's very soft but it doesn't stick to any teeth or crevices. The conquille had an amazing sauce that was surprisingly light and sparkles with flavor. My only knock was there wasn't enough mushrooms but it was a delightful dish.The final entree was a flight of sausage: African, Italian, Canadian, and German. I was taken back at first by the lamb as it was a little musky but I came to appreciate the thought of this final dish. The meats were quite wonderfully cured and it provided a nice dry texture, perfect for cleaning the palette. The spices were well done and was served with enough portion to allow you to fully appreciate and reflect on the entire dinner as a whole.Tried as I might, I attempted to take on the panna cotta di crema for dessert. A nice balance of savory and sweet, this final dessert was surprisingly heavy and would fit nicely with a nice cup of espresso or cappuccino.Dinner was quite memorable with the journey of flavors. My only wish was if the dishes had a little bit of back story or explanation of it. I believe it would have enhanced my appreciation for such wonderfully honed craft.I would love to return and speak with Francesco further. There's a certain amount of charm when you get to dine at an establishment with such pride and intimacy that makes you feel just a wee bit more exclusive and special.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,6/12/2014,50,288,2,6,3>I came to Nello's on Monday night for my friend's birthday. Whenever deciding on a restaurant for a group of people Italian is always a good choice, I mean who can say no to pasta? (I certainly can't). We made reservations for 5:30pm because we'd heard the restaurant can get busy, but it wasn't too busy when we were there (on a Friday or Saturday night it might be different). The restaurant itself is a bit tucked away in a stripmall on the south side of Edmonton, just off Calgary trail.Our waiter was very friendly and let us know the drink and the food specials on for the day. One of the nice things about Nello's is that if you order a bottle of wine for your table (we didn't) and you are unable to finish it the restaurant will cork it for you. No one in our group got any drinks, but the drink menu was quite impressive. I decided to order the putanesca, which was, "penne sautéed in spicy tomato sauce beef tenderloin, with mushrooms, capers, garden fresh peppers, olives, onion, and fresh herbs." I thought it sounded pretty delicious and it was. I had been warned that the portion sizes at Nello's were huge, and they were. I could only finish about half of my pasta, and I was still full. The prices are a bit more than you'd pay at some other Italian restaurants, but considering how delicious the food was (and the fact that it's really two meals worth of food) it's worth the price. The chicken parmesan and lobster tagliatelle, which were also ordered by people in my group, were given high praise. If I had one complaint it would be about the bread they serve before the meal. The bread itself is quite good, and unlike some restaurants its not a huge amount you get, check a small slice or two person (there were 4 people in my group, so it would depend on how many were in your party). The butter was good too, it was a nice whipped butter, but there wasn't enough of it for the amount of bread on the table. It also seemed odd that butter would be the condiment of choice for serving with bread at an Italian restaurant - I think it would be better if they did olive oil and balsamic vinegar, but that's just my 5 cents (I'd say 2 cents, but we don't have pennies anymore in Canada).There aren't a lot of local Italian restaurants on the south side of the city, so Nello's is a welcome addition and one I'd be happy to return back to again.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,6/11/2014,15,54,3,6,4>This is some seriously good chocolate.I won't lie, I'm kind of ignorant when it comes to how things are made. If it tastes good, does what it's supposed to do e.t.c then I continue on being the happy idiot that I am and skip along merrily through life.Turns out I had no idea what I was missing in the world of chocolate production! Choklat is based out of Calgary and they import cacao beans from all over the world to make the chocolate from scratch. Most fine chocolates are a mix of various beans, but it is amazing the difference in taste if you eat only a specific kind. The people that work there are super knowledgeable and passionate about chocolate. The only think I wasn't a fan of was the hot chocolate. It literally tastes like melted chocolate. Delicious, but maybe could have had more of a milk mix or something. If you like that though, then it's definitely for you. Pro Tip: At the time of writing this there is Groupon for a dozen truffles for $12! Buy it! Tell your friends to buy it! You won't regret it.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/2/2014,6/10/2014,142,114,4,7,4>I enjoyed my meal at the burger joint... I got the burger they named after themselves because I figured it would be their best burger. I should have just built my own burger though. It was a pretty average burger in every way. If I could go back in time I would have got onion rings on my burger because while I was sitting there they served another customer onions rings in their burger and it looked awesome. The French fries need work. I grew up on chip truck French fries, so I always wonder why real restaurants can't cook a fry as good as the old man in the double decker bus in my home town. I don't know their fry preparation techniques but it seems like they are only frying them once because they are cooked but there is no crunch, just kind of soft all over.I doubt I would go back because I am having too much fun following bacon hounds burger odyssey.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,6/9/2014,31,124,5,6,4>I have been a regular transit rider for more years than I care to admit, and one of my favourite pastimes is "what terrible thing happened on the bus today". Well, I just recently started a daily commute to St Albert, and that game just isn't any fun anymore. The St Albert transit system and it's employees are reliable, comfortable and friendly.I first called their help line to figure just how to get to my destination on time, and was treated to a very pleasant and extremely helpful answer.  There are several options available to get out to St Albert from downtown, Westmount, WEM and the University and the busses try to make a long ride as comfy as possible with extra padded seats.The busses keep close to their schedules (tho I haven't had to ride out there in a snowstorm yet), which is important because it's often a close call to make your connections.Unfortunately , sometimes those connections are too close to catch; if the bus is running at all behind, there is a good chance you'll miss your next bus. Although, I can't even complain about that because the one time it happened to me, a transit inspector was there and offered me a ride to the hospital! Now that's service that goes above and beyond!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,6/8/2014,65,170,4,5,4>Recently, I injured my ankle.  And after numerous trips to the doctor and the physiotherapist, we discovered that the cause of the injury was repeated strain on the ankle caused by poor mechanics of my feet.  I needed good orthotics.  The prescription ones "custom-made" by a podiatrist just didn't cut it.  I needed to have some made by a certified pedorthist.  There aren't too many in Edmonton, but I was glad to find one at Sole Experience, one of my favourite shoe stores in town.  Marvin spent an hour and a half with me, analyzing my gate, examining my feet and legs.  He also showed me around the store and told me what I needed to look for in shoes, steering me from pricier shoes (and his higher commission?) to ones that would actually work for my feet.  I was so impressed with the service.  They have won a loyal customer for life.  Aside from the great pedorthotic service, they have a fabulous selection of high-quality shoes.  And not just shoes for people with bad feet, but also for people who can wear cute, trendy shoes.  I highly recommend you check them out.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,6/7/2014,34,76,2,5,2>City market is without a doubt a 5* market in the summer when it's outside. Hands down the premier market, but drops off substantially in the winter when it moves inside city hall. I'd give it a 3 in the winter, so I'm averaging it out to a 4. In the summer I buy almost all my produce here, and a bunch of meat too. In the winter my favourite pork producer, Irvings Farm, drops out of the market so that's a big loss for me. If you haven't tried their bacon you are truly missing out. The winter market still has some top notch vendors such as Prairie Mill bread, and Natures Green Acres, but the market loses a lot of atmosphere compared to the summer. A Saturday morning strolling the outdoor market in the sunshine is for sure one of my favourite things to do in Edmonton, and when the streets fill with people, music, and the smell of delicious food I find it hard to stay away.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,6/6/2014,15,72,2,4,2>Probably one of the best Chinese buffets I've ever been to. The food is delicious and there is a large variety to choose from. The service was also pretty awesome. Our plates were always cleared away in a timely manner and our drinks were kept full. It's also really decent price wise for an all you can eat.  It's a pretty good atmosphere too if you come with a larger group.  There's going to be something for everyone to enjoy and no one will leave hungry.  They even have little desserts.  I'd definitely go back soon!They also have take out and delivery if buffet isn't your style :)
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,6/5/2014,187,427,4,6,4>Who would of though that jumping around trampolines would be exhausting? But after 15 mins, I'm wiped! After 30 minutes sweat is pouring down my face. After 45 minutes, I'm done!Found myself at launch pad for Yelp Edmonton's fit club. And frankly had a lot of fun. I particularly enjoyed the basketball hoops. It was 10 mins of doing slam dunks my mind always wanted to try, but never could do. And half the fun is hitting people with ultra soft dodge balls. Except when you throw too hard and catch your community manager in the face (sorry Jennie, wanted to go low).And to be honest, I had to be a little more cautious here with this activity because the padding between trampolines, though generous, didn't seem like it was enough. I guess that's what you have to deal with when using the equipment. All in all if you or your kid want to expend all that extra energy is 30 minutes this is a good place to visit.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,6/4/2014,24,72,2,6,3>Ah yes. Ukrainian food. I came here tonight with my family for my birthday and boy did we have a great time! The service: awesome! Great waitressThe decor: I thought it was beautifully lit and very cozy. The space: a little crowded but that's ok :)The food: wow! It's like an amped up Sunday meal. A little more higher end, I loved that they used ricotta In the nalysnyky , made it oh so creamy and rich! And with Ukrainian, you can never have too much cream! My brother had the meatballs he said they were the best he ever had! My sister and her husband are wine snobs and they enjoyed the wine list. I had the kyev it was awesome. And I added an extra side lol. Because I have eaten many homemade pyrohy i didn't even order them. My husband did though, said they were fantastic. They also had a kids menu ( like for my picky boy ... And he calls himself a Uke! Lol) of chicken fingers. All in all great meal, would recommend even if you aren't Ukrainian. Remember this isn't the mall so no ten dollar combo plates here they range from $18-$30 and tables of 7 or more are charged an automatic 15% grat. No problem though the service was great. Will be back!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,6/3/2014,31,151,,7,1>I finally had the chance to try out this place after dropping off some stuff at my tailor's place a few doors down, and I liked it!When we arrived at the same time as another couple around 1:30pm, we were the only ones there. But as we sat and ate, more and more small groups of people kept filtering in. The decor inside is very clean and modern, in shades of bright green and brown, and they have an awesome two-monitor virtual fish tank on the back wall that is just entrancing. They have a pretty extensive menu with popular Vietnamese dishes (rather - what I've seen on other Vietnamese restaurant menus, I don't actually know if they are popular) - sizzling platters, wok dishes, rice bowls, vermicelli bowls, noodle soup bowls (among others, including pho, bun bo hue, and peanut sate), and a few combos. They have appetizers and I think desserts as well. We ordered some wings to start, my husband ordered a squid and chicken curry sizzling platter, and I ordered the bun bo hue. The wings were awesome - saucy but still crispy, fragrant with "wok hei", lemongrass, black beans, and fish sauce. They came in a small bed of stir-fried peppers and onions, which we devoured. The shrimp and chicken platter was quite large - could have easily fed two people - loaded with lots of different veggies (love that), tender pieces of chicken breast, and perfectly cooked squid (not rubbery at all). Well balanced flavours - not too spicy but just enough of a kick. Went very well with the bowl of coconut jasmine rice (ordered separately). My bun bo hue was great - the broth was rich and complex, lots of noodles and meats (though no meat balls). It was a pretty big bowl and I had a hard time finishing it!Prices were very reasonable for the quality and fresh food you're getting. Service was good as well and they do accept credit cards. I will definitely be back!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,6/2/2014,61,63,,4,4>I have been donating here for over 20 years now. The nurses are great and it isn't as scary as you may think. You can start by donating while blood. You have to wait 56 days between donations. If you are eager to do more join the Plasmapherisis program. Then you can donate every week. The reason is that they just use your blood plasma and return the red blood cells and everything else back to you. Most people in hospital just need blood plasma. After you are done they have a snack area so you can rest for a bit. They have Cookies by George (thoughtfully donated), soup, pop, juice etc etc. Did I mention the nurses are great!It's in you to give.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/13/2014,6/1/2014,5,15,,3,3>Had the short rib bento box, the short ribs were really tasty although they were very chewy and had a lot of fat which made it difficult to eat. The rest of the bento was delicious except for the seaweed salad. The chicken and shrimp kabobs were great. And same with the tempura. We order the pizza sushi to start and it was such a neat appetizer and I would def order it again! All in all I would be curious to go back again, but I wouldn't order the bento box. Also, the mandarin Cosmo? I think that's what it was called, was delicious
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,5/31/2014,11,73,3,7,3>This restaurant kind of reminds me of a South Indian restaurant from my hometown in Southeast Asia; so, curries and roti are comfort foods for me -- I could eat it for breakfast/lunch/dinner. I LOVE South Indian cuisine and was very delighted to discover it today; we always drove by it on the way to Millwoods. There are many North Indian restaurants, but this appears to be the only South Indian restaurant in Edmonton. (I must also mention that I'm very fussy with how curries are spiced!)If you are, however, torn between roti and the pratha (they are spelt differently on the menu), I would definitely recommend the prata as it's light and fluffy; the roti is really good too -- it would probably be the healthier option between the two; two people can definitely share 1 roti. Their roti is huge! Their Mango Lassi was absolutely delicious! The prices of everything on the menu are very reasonable. The menu has plenty of vegetarian options for non-meat eaters.Between two people, we had our own roti and shared a huge dish of curry. We tried the vegetable masala. Even my fiance who hates peas loved the vegetable masala curry; it was creamy and aromatic. I could spot a piece of star of anise, which I couldn't chew on. (I'm a bit of a spice geek) We took take-out after dining in; butter chicken and 3 pieces of pratha. The bill came to around $30 for dine-in AND take-out. Curries are so delicious and are all around $9 to $11. I can only die imagining how yummy the curries would be served with Briyani; we didn't have room to try. (Maybe next time!) While we were paying our bill, we had a chance to talk to the owner. My fiance reminisces about the roti, curry and "teh-tarik" (pulled tea, in Malay) he had in Brunei. Realizing the language differences, I explained to the owner what it was; loose tea-leaves, poured from cup to cup. He said, he could serve "metre chai" but not many people know what it is and would splash it over themselves! I want to come back and try their dosa. (Stuffed roti or crepes) The one that really caught my eye was palak paneer dosa, which is cheese and spinach.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,5/30/2014,33,66,,3,2>The Edmonton Public Library never ceases to amaze me and the eplGo location within Cameron Library is no exception.This is a cute little library with helpful staff, in a very convenient spot! While they have shorter hours than normal (I believe they typically close at 5:00)  I love reserving books  to this location and picking them up on my lunch hour. They also have a partnership for UofA students carrying a ONEcard enabling them to borrow resources as well.As this library is a bit smaller, the noise of one person chatting can easily be heard throughout the entire room. Additionally there are minimal seating areas, which discourages patrons from staying a while. Lunch break only lasts so long, though, which means I'm completely content visiting all the same. Besides, less room to sit means more room for books! :)
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,5/29/2014,25,260,2,4,3>Wow, I don't know why it took me so long to write about Tzin Wine & Tapas (major procrastination) but I went here a few months ago with a friend on a Saturday and had a great evening. The place is dark and small but has a very warm and inviting feel to it. The place was absolutely packed when we arrived. Interesting note - how the kitchen is literally in the front of the restaurant! Guess space is at a premium.Anyways, on to more important things - the food and wine. I'm no wine expert but my friend is and we both ordered pairings for our three shared dishes. The wines are very reasonably priced by the glass.Wine- Vina arbodela ($6.50)- Sequana pinot noir ($6.75)- Noble tree zinfandle (5.75)- Lixa Alvarinho ($6.00)- Seguin manuel burg ($6.00)- Something else white which I don't rememberFood- Cheese board ($18.50) - comes with three different types of cheese, bread, olives,and compotes. Can't remember the exact cheese now but they were all very distinct. Olives were so good.- Kale and quinoa ($16.00) - delicious! Wish I could make my own kale and quinoa creations taste this good.- Pork shoulder ($18.50) - super tender, melt in your mouth deliciousness.Definitely an awesome place to take a date! Service was fantastic - both the sommelier and waitresses were top notch. I will definitely be back for more. GO now, what are you waiting for!?!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,5/28/2014,14,108,4,8,4>Getting a haircut can be an intimidating thing for a guy in this day-and-age. It seems that all that's around are new age hair salons that advertise "colour-cut-style-wax" and charge like $800. There's also old-school barbershops with the swirly thing out front and some guy 90-years old inside with a white smock and a straight razor who wants to make you look like your grandfather.Abe's bridges the gap between the old guard and the new. There's an LCD TV hanging from every vertical surface in the shop that play all the current sporting events (except pay-per-view). The staff are friendly but they're not very talkative, which is cool. I guess they assume that the customers are into the game.The shop is bigger than it appears from outside. Abe's waiting area is tiny and at first glance it appears that they're really busy if there are as little as two guys sitting there. If you poke your head inside you'll see that the place is quite sizable with many barbers on duty. Often the people at the front are just waiting for their buddies inside and not necessarily waiting for a haircut themselves.The barbers do good work and they're fast. Prices are reasonable at $21 and you won't come out looking like Seigfried and Roy.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2014,5/27/2014,1,5,,3,2>I arrived around noon, on a Friday, and it was packed-mind you, it  only seats about 20. I was immediately greeted and told the wait would be 15 minutes or more. I was soon seated and had my order taken. The coffee came quickly enough and thus food soon thereafter. Considering there was just one person doing everything in the room, that's pretty good.I ordered the smoked goose eggs Benedict, which was a fantastic plate: the eggs were big and perfectly cooked, the potatoes tasty, and most importantly, the goose was just beautiful.My entire experience here was great.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,5/26/2014,80,6,,5,3>Last year we renovated our unfinished basement. While we knew we needed to add bedrooms and a bathroom, we didn't know where exactly to put them, so we first hired Janice to draft a floor plan. I am so glad we did, because what she came up with was something we never thought of and nobody suggested before, and it's brilliant. We also hired her to help us choose paint colours, drapes, and to select upholstery for a number of pieces of furniture we had recovered (some antique and some more recent pieces), as well as matching cushions. They must have a couple thousand fabric swatches to choose from. More importantly, she knows what looks good together, and made some really good suggestions. She even educated us, because not all fabrics are made the same or will wear the same. My wife and I are so happy with the end result and have recommended Janice to several friends who are also renovating their basements. I'm glad we hired a professional, because as great as HGTV is, you can't get everything you need from a 30 minute episode of [insert any HGTV show name here]. You get what you pay for. Thanks, Janice!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,5/25/2014,16,28,3,5,3>This is my favorite place for Tom Yum soup in town. Sometimes I think about it when I should be sleeping. I haven't ever been let down, and anything I've tried has been tasty. Service is great. The only downside is that it's cash only, but that's easily remedied. My favorite, after the soup, is the green curry chicken. I keep coming back. :)
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,5/24/2014,87,7,1,3,3>I love the Haven. its cosy and cool, with an air of secrecy. It feels like a 1920s speakeasy. Despite the limitations of its location (sketchville) and capacity (about 120-150 I'd guess) the Haven is really on the map for the best indie touring acts in Canada. Ron Sexsmith put on a great show here, and New Country Rehab blew my socks off last week. Sound quality is good, and they have good engineers manning the board.  though sometimes its a bit too loud for my ears. Unlike the other indie live venues in town (Pawn Shop, starlite room, avenue theatre etc), there are enough chairs and tables, for almost everyone in he audience. That makes it suited to a more mature audience and less raucous music. You won't find any mosh pits here, just good music, a nice atmosphere and a real music-loving, not too drunk community of listeners. Their bar probably makes a lot less money than some of the whyte av venues, but you can tell The Haven is run for the love of music, not $$.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,5/23/2014,54,38,2,7,6>This place continues to impress! I've only been here once and last time was incredible. The live jazz was beautiful and today we had a live guitarist that was just amazing. This time I tried out the banana bread French toast that I tried a bite of last time. WOW!! Fantastic! I could barely finish it, there was a lot but I couldn't stop. This place has some of the best bacon in this city! Best bacon!! I'm telling you - go now! Even if it's just for bacon.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,5/22/2014,11,4,,5,3>The Hat Resto continues to be my go to place in downtown #yeg. The food is always delicious and blows my expectations (today I am having the Crab Cakes, an all time favourite, but the Mac and Cheese is my favourite splurge) They have a great drink list, and most importantly the staff are amazing!!! Always make me feel like the most special person in the place :) Thank you, The Hat for giving me a second home :)
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,5/21/2014,130,261,2,8,5>I love Ponytails and Horseshoes! Given that I spend most of my time in Edmonton these days, I reckoned it was time to find an awesome hairstylist here! I was pushed even further when my Calgary salon started using more Loreal products (the biggest animal tester in the beauty industry), and Aveda's stance on animal testing started to get sketchy!Enter Ponytails and Horseshoes. I did a lot of research on salons on Edmonton salons, and was pleased to see PoHo is a big enthusiast of Kevin Murphy products, who have the Cruelty Free bunny stamp of approval!Taking a blind leap of faith, I made my first appointment with Katharine and never looked back! She was able to look at my mass of hair thick hair and restore it back to health, adding texture and volume! I bounced around happily in my pin up waves the whole day afterwards beaming.Upon being greeted by a friendly PoHo staff member and sipping some delightful plum rooibos tea, I just had my second cut by Katharine this weekend. We got me out of my blunt-banged-Zooey-Deschenel-wannabe-misery my hair had grown out into, and worked with what I had for a new look while also keeping in mind we would both like to see it a little longer in the near future!Super happy with Katharine's work and would recommend her to anyone who asks! The only thing I would say about the salon itself is that while I'm happy to be able to use the online booking option, I think it could use a tiiiiiiiny update because I have some difficulties sometimes and end up having to sign up all over again! :)
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,5/19/2014,33,37,1,6,4>We stumbled upon Pure Kitchen a few Sundays ago as we were looking to kill an hour after visiting MEC. We actually thought we were walking into Cookie Love (they share a door) so we were surprised at the lack or cookies, lol. But we were happy for this wrong turn as we both grabbed a coffee and a scone. Great atmosphere, the scones were delicious, the lattes were pretty awesome (mine was a little sweet but I'm not complaining). I am in love with the colour orange on the walls. And the light fixtures over the window seats! Lots of light and a super comfortable space. We had a look at the menu and it looks like a great place for a light lunch. On Sunday afternoon there were only a few tables full (there's not a ton of seating but we didn't feel cramped). I just wish it was open on the evenings as it was a great place to chill with my Hubba Hubby!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,5/18/2014,24,223,3,7,5>The food here is always good. It can be a little generic, but it's tasty. If you're looking for something fancy, this is not the place for you. If you want something that hits the spot, tastes good and is easy on the wallet, this is the place to go. My husband originally introduced me to the food here, and we get take out about once a month (or stop in if I have an ultrasound appointment in the west end). The staff is friendly and are always willing to accommodate requests. The decor definitely needs to be updated, and with the amount of business they do, I don't see why a Reno hasn't been done.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,5/17/2014,21,31,2,8,7>MEAT.How could I *not* go during opening week to a restaurant with a name like that?MEAT is a BBQ restaurant owned by the same folks as the Next Act Pub (conveniently located right next door). As a fan of the Act and its menu, I was very interested in learning they were opening a new restaurant - and thankfully, I was not disappointed!One of the first things that jumped out at us was the price point. My experience with BBQ is that it can tend to be expensive, but MEAT actually had very reasonable prices - and when the food came it also came in moderate portions. Not small, just not enormous. The night we went there was a $40 sample platter that fed four. Most meat entrees were between $10-$20 depending on portion size ordered, most sides were $5 for a single serving - with larger $10 servings for sharing. Pickles are $1.The menu is laid out for you to order your cut of meat (brisket, pulled pork, sausage, ribs, smoked chicken and fried chicken were on the sample platter) and a small or large side dish. We tried a variety of sides; macaroni and cheese, a decent house salad, and some delicious creamed corn. Kind of wish there was cornbread - but that's a pretty minor quibble.The house BBQ sauces were all really good, as was the mustard, and we delighted in trying the different combinations of meats of sauces to see what went well with what. Overall, everything we tried was great! Admittedly maybe not the best BBQ I've ever had - but great!Deserts were all pretty light - from the ice cream to the pecan pie. Which is good coming off a high protein meal! The chocolate dipped bacon went over very well with our group. Yes. You read that correctly.Chocolate. Dipped. Bacon.Their bar is robust, with an emphasis on whiskey and bourbon to compliment the southern BBQ feel. And, of course, there are plenty of locally sourced beers on tap to enjoy.It bears mentioning that I felt the decor was a bit... nautical? The blues and whites, with brass chairs and wait staff in striped shirts... it was one fishing net away from looking more like a sea-food restaurant. But that's a pretty personal note, and it has no bearing whatsoever on the food. The place was clean, nice and relaxed - in spite of how busy it was - so it's cool.Overall, a very pleasant dining experience - and we'll definitely be back!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,5/16/2014,115,132,2,6,4>HAIRSPRAY!!!! I don't have enough hair myself to actually use hairspray but the musical is definitely a great product! I may even go again while its here in town. The sets, actors, singing, and story really drew me into their 60's world and a humorous view of the challenges they faced. The buffet dinner is another reason why I will be going back to the Mayfield Dinner Theater. A good selection of local Albertan cheeses, crackers, and a cold seafood bar was a great starter. I then moved on to the dinner of hand carved Prime Rib and mussels. A few of the many pasta sides they offered filled out my plate as well. By this time I was too full to eat any desserts but I made sure to grab them before the show started as the buffet is cleared once the show starts. There were some great options but my favorite was the bread pudding with stewed strawberries to drizzle over top. Finally the service was very good. The buffet plates were cleared in a reasonable time frame. The wine list was more extensive then expected and quite decently priced. Our table sat for a while after the show was over and I did feel like the staff wanted us to leave so they could clear the table and go home themselves. It was a great night! Also since I attended the media launch of Hairspray I got a free copy of the DVD and got to hobnob with the actors at the after party!
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,5/15/2014,54,92,2,5,4>I had the opportunity to attend a private event at Privada recently. They have a new fan!  They try to source all of their ingredients locally.  This shows immediately in the quality and taste of the food.  Fresh is always best. The patio is lovely with the chrome heaters and a nice view of downtown St. Albert.  They are located very near where the Farmer's Market sets up.  Inside is comfortable, cozy and clean.  Great for an intimate meal for two, or small groups. I highly recommend the Charcuterie Platter.  All of the meats are hung and cured in house.  The menu is always changing to keep up with the trends and the fresh, seasonal ingredients. A nice variety and some great pairings available. Plating and presentation is beautiful and imaginative. Privada would make a great date night.  The Chef and staff make it an experience rather than just another visit to a restaurant.  Try them, you just might like them!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,5/14/2014,85,580,2,7,4>I can definitely see how the Sugar Bowl is such a popular place with the campus crowd in the area. It's cozy and laid-back with late hours and a menu full of delicious comfort food. My friends and I stopped in for some late night dessert and drinks, as we heard the cinnamon buns here are some of the best in town. While we didn't see them on the menu (maybe only in the morning?), there was plenty else to order. Not very hungry, we ordered the smoked paprika popcorn and charcuterie platter to share. It's the perfect combination to share among a small group of friends for a late night snacking get-together. Simple and  totally share-able :)We were also able to order drinks not on the menu. It was a very cold night and all I wanted was a hot chocolate (with a shot of Bailey's, of course). Our waitress was cheerful and friendly. It was nice just to unwind and sit, chatting with friends and listen to the DJ play classics from our era in the background.Can't wait to come back for the rest of the menu!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,5/13/2014,220,814,,6,3>I never had the opportunity to dine at Mamenche's when the family-owned Salvadorean restaurant was on 97 Street, but I was here for lunch this week at the current location. The inside is plain, bright, and clean, and I was greeted by a very friendly woman. She helped explain items on the menu, particularly the beverages, which include some traditional drinks. I had an aranan, which was a thick, non-carbonated citrus drink that I was told was good for cleansing the system. For my lunch, I ordered the Tacos de Res o de Higado, which were to tacos on fresh corn tortillas with diced steak, onions, tomatoes, avocado, and cilantro. It was light, fresh, and delicious. I am looking forward to trying other items on the menu. Prices are very reasonable, even for the larger fish, chicken, and steak entrees. There are also desserts. If you like fresh, authentic Salvadorean food with friendly service, you have to try Mamenche's.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,5/12/2014,32,92,,6,3>Fred and Marisa have created a great spot for yummy Mediterranean food - we've not had a chance to try EACH of the appetizers or plates/wraps, but we'll keep going back until we do! (OK perhaps I'll skip the chicken livers... :)  We both remarked that it's possibly one of Edmonton's hidden gems - the place where the food and service are so good you just want to keep coming back, and yet not that busy (yet!) so it feels like it's YOUR favourite place!
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,5/11/2014,59,101,,10,4>Edmonton's newest Korean fare opened its doors this week: Mama Lee's Kitchen. The grand opening was so busy that I didn't get a chance to meet Mama Lee herself but according to their blurb on their website, she's been teaching home style Korean cooking in Edmonton and decided to open up her own place to share the eats!Located only a couple blocks north east of Southgate Mall on 51 Ave, the shop is located in a small strip mall with other small food shops and markets and is quite small. Intended for mostly take home ordering, there are small tables throughout, seating 8 - 10 people total. There are three huge coolers when you enter, supplying all your Korean cravings!Everything from sesame leaf, different marinades of bulgogi, pickled radishes, and of course, the beloved Korean kimchi! And I even don't know where you'd be able to find homemade broths and soup to take home. Definitely need to come back to get the soup. Full menu items of take home dishes are on their website. Here's a look at what you can order "to stay" if you manage to grab a table like we did.Joe and I went on a double date with Jessica and Jerry (our first!). I consider them Korean food experts so I let them order. The Bin-dae-tteok,  a Korean pancake filled with green beans and pork, was nice and hot!  The stir-fried Soondai was a mixture of vegetables and shrimp although the shrimp wasn't mentioned in the menu! Both had their own sauces for dipping. Delicious!Tteo-kbo-kki is a spicy rice cake dish mixed in with fish cake slices and vegetables. By far my favorite dish of the night, moreso because I don't think I've ever had this dish Korean style before. You can order the rice cake at hot pot restaurants and cook it yourself, but it's just not the same without their sweet and spicy sauce! More spicy than anything though. The kimchi fried rice was equally delicious, served with a fried egg.With the four of us, we managed to finish off with two combo plates: a beef bulgogi (stir-fried marinated beef with vegetables) and LA galbi (grilled marinated beef short rib). Combination dishes ($8.50 - $10.90) come with steamed rice, kimchi, beansprouts, jap chae (stir-fried glass noodles), and a vegetable tempura. Best deal ever if you want to try a little bit of everything. Their kimchi is spiiiiiiicy! You've been warned. I can't take my heat as well as most people would think though. Korean marinades usually have a sweeter side to them but Mama Lee's Kitchen has a nice balance of flavors.We were the last ones in the restaurant but nobody rushed us. The staff behind the counter were friendly and I thought the kitchens handled grand opening really well! Our order came out within half an hour as most patrons were ordering the hot food to go. Definitely need to come back and buy their soups to try. Parking is available for the small strip mall. They're open Monday - Saturday 11AM - 7PM and closed Sundays. Make sure you try Mama Lee's Kitchen if you're in the area!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,5/10/2014,13,51,,7,4>I tried this place on Monday, then went back Thursday of the same week. Both times, I got the bibim bap. It was my first time trying it, ever, and I loved it. The little sides are delicious, and I could eat just those and be happy. The chef must have noticed I was a newbi, because he sent out a few small dishes for me to try!! The spicy pepper chicken was my favorite, to die for. He also sent out fried pork with a sauce, and some dumplings. They were amazing as well. I will definitely be going back!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,5/9/2014,136,590,,8,6>Wow! 5 stars for sure, this place is rad! I wasn't sure about a little location like this that wasn't downtown, it almost seemed as though it wouldn't fit in. After locating this place (it's a little tricky to spot) I have to say I'd drive back in a heartbeat. We were seated right away and had the friendlies server ever! Seriously, she was so amazing and helpful! She helped me pick a delicious wine, some amazing scotches for the newbies and the scotch veterans. I couldn't believe how much she knew about everything on the menu and then she blew us away one last time when she picked out some awesome cheeses! Wow! This venue is adorable, I love how homey and cozy it is - I felt like I was in a old library or something! The ambience was just romantic but sophisticated. This is definitely one of those highly coveted places you see on TV that everyone wants to get into but only the elite get in. Except with The Bothy's friendly atmosphere anyone can sit down for a drink!
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,5/8/2014,32,60,4,7,6>I live in the south end of the city and there aren't much Vietnamese cuisine restaurants around, i've always wished one opened up, and it did! I've been her 3 times, and all 3 times food has been consistent and great. I've ordered 5 color vermicelli and their beef noodle soup. Both are good in servings and tastes great. Service is fast and very kind. Because this is the only style of Vietnamese cuisine in this area, it gets extremely busy during the lunch hour, so busy sometimes that you would have to wait for a table to finish, great for their business, sucks waiting, but owell. I like that when i have a craving for a nice hot soup or light dinner i can come here, only negative i have about this place is its hours, only open till 8 is kind of a bummer. This style of food for me is great for a 9-10 snack  , haha.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/17/2013,5/5/2014,68,383,2,5,3>Once upon a time when I first moved to Edmonton and started taking the train to work I made sure to pick up my Metro from the poor man or woman out in the elements getting paid poorly to try and hand these out to daily commuters. I think they had the right idea by making the format mainly small easy to digest articles as some transit users only need it as a brief distraction while going from one station to the next but the content of the articles is just atrocious. I think far too much space is wasted on celebrity gossip and there is not anywhere near enough content on current local stories. These things often get left behind on the train with various other pieces of transit user trash like drained coffee cups and I think sadly illustrates what most people think about the Metro. While I appreciate the distraction a major content overhaul would be needed for me to consider this to be an actual newspaper.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/11/2013,5/4/2014,45,119,2,4,4>I think it was called Stars when I first started going there for shows years ago (I'm not old enough to say I went there when it was Rebar). It has cleaned up its act in recent years. I remember getting hit with the awful stench of stale or rotting beer soaked into upholstery when I used to walk in the place. I don't get that anymore. I don't think I've ever been just to have a drink. It's always been because I've gone to see a band that was playing. It's a decent place to see bands in our city that seems to lack good venues. It's small and gets quite crowded so you get to know your neighbours quite well. I'll be back, but not until a band I want to see books a show there.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,5/3/2014,13,82,,7,3>Posh Nail & Spa recently opened in my neighbourhood, which is exciting- a nail salon within walking distance!  Perfect for those last minute mani pedis.When I arrived, I was greeted politely, but it was about a 15 minute wait before someone was available to help me, despite the fact that it wasn't busy.  This made me skeptical, but when it came down to it, they did an awesome job on my nails.  The girl spent about an hour on my shellac manicure, and seemed really detail oriented which was great.  Probably the most attentive service I've had in Edmonton yet, but perhaps it was because they weren't very busy.Another bonus was  a 20% discount when I paid, as an introductory offer.  Overall, I was really satisfied with the manicure which was $35 before the discount.  I will definitely return!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,5/2/2014,45,53,2,4,4>Stopped in here killing time, wasn't expecting much a and had a gift certificate so thought what the hell. The biggest thing that I noticed was the funky feel and staff made it feel very homey. They were really friendly right off the bat and  attentive. Sometimes in independant restos it's either really bad service or really good and these guys care. I had a fancy finger ale, and some beer. Didn't eat as I was waiting for a friend. The food nearby looked good tho and kind of an interesting concept. Build a burger for $13.5. I think I will come back and try the food out. Also the spiked milkshakes Bacon vodka in the Caesar sounds like fun too.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,5/1/2014,34,170,,4,4>This has become a new favourite restaurant.The food - incredible!  My wife and I were both very impressed with everything we ordered.The service - equally great!  There are a lot of restaurants that should pay The Grill to train their staff.  If they even learned one fraction of what The Grill's staff do, we'd be seeing marked improvements around town.This is truly a "diamond-in-the-rough" -- having driven past it a number of times, we finally had a chance to explore it... and while it looks like a delicatessen from the outside, the inside is far from that!If you're looking for a nice dinner out, this certainly tops our list.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2013,4/30/2014,3,22,2,6,3>My husband and I came for dinner here last night and were quite impressed. We both had drinks, appetizers, entrees, and I had a dessert. The service was quite good and our server was very attentive. The food itself was delicious, although my husband said his ribs could have been just a bit more tender. My chicken, on the other hand, was incredibly flavourful and well-prepared. I did regret ordering dessert, as the chocolate pate was not what I expected. I expected a small portion of something dense, smooth, and rich. What I got was something that was lighter and fluffier - almost like it had gelatin mixed in. I would definitely not order this again. Aside from that, though, the meal was very enjoyable. Our only other recommendation would be to have the lights dimmed during the dinner hours. They were turned right up, which gave the feeling less of an intimate atmosphere and more that of a cafeteria. This is fine for breakfast and lunch, but not so much for dinner. Oh well! We'll mention it on our next visit.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,4/29/2014,97,490,,5,4>Today was my wife, Sarah's, birthday. I had attempted making a reservation at Corso 32 (well over a month ago, I might add) and failed. So I just waited until this afternoon when Sarah decided that she was craving vegetarian lasagna. So I looked on Yelp to discover that a number of reviewers had spoken highly of the one served here. We had eaten here previously for my birthday a couple of years ago and enjoyed it, so I called to make a reservation.And thankfully, Sarah loved her lasagna. The butternut squash added a nice amount of creaminess without any actual cream. I only managed to snag a small bite, as Sarah savoured her birthday dinner.We also greatly enjoyed our salad, complete with apples and other sweet touches to differentiate it from every other mixed green salad out there.I also greatly enjoyed my pork pepper pot soup, which had a nice amount of spice and tender chunks of local pork. The initial appearance wouldn't impress your typical TV chef show judge, but the flavour delivered.I also ordered a pizza, which wasn't anything special crust-wise, but I was using it more as a conduit to try the boar bacon topping, which was thickly cut, leaner and a bit meatier than non-wild pig bacon. The pizzas are very reasonably priced at $12 for a base and $1.50 for gourmet, unique, high quality toppings. This may be the first pizza I've eaten topped with leeks.Sarah was craving mashed potatoes, and Cafe De Ville served her a portion on the side, even though this option is not listed on the menuCafe De Ville falls in the grey area between "Yay! I'm a fan" and "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" It isn't quite as good as it gets, but my fondness for Cafe de Ville exceeds a mere "Yay!" The croissant-like rolls served before the first course are a delicious touch. I wish more high end restaurants in town served bread before the meal. So this is a five star review with caveats, namely:1) The decor does not appear to have been updated since the 80s. This may also be part of its charm, as the carpeting lends itself to a quiet restaurant, which enables talking.2) Cocktails are pricy - much moreso than the food menu, but I guess that this is where they make their margin.3)  It's the farthest thing from hip - but this is also part of its charm. The restaurant definitely caters to an older clientele, but not at the expense of discerning younger diners. The restaurant cooks as much as it can from scratch and sources as much as it can locally.While Cafe De Ville's appearance may harken back 30 years, the menu items tend to be classics, and sometimes with updated ingredients.Service has been great both times that we've dined here, but that may be due to the date we dined on - weekends may be a bit busier. Food may take some time to arrive, but when everything is made to order, this can happen. If you want to dine here before attending a play at the Roxy, I would recommend asking your server what can be prepared quickly.I like how Cafe De Ville states on its website that it can cater to all sorts of dietary needs. As Sarah is a vegetarian with a goat cheese allergy, it is often challenging to find higher end restaurants with more than a few dishes that fit her dietary criteria. Goat cheese appears to be a crutch, if not a cliche for a number of high end places in this city.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,4/28/2014,30,58,5,8,6>I love my spicy food. As spicy as it can get, this place offers one of the best curries around. One of the items that I would keep ordering from this place is its chicken curry which have a similar taste and texture of a butter chicken. The items are pretty well priced with the kind of portion that comes with it compared to many other Indian restaurants. I have yet to dine in, my usual experience with them is through delivery. They can be pretty accommodating to any special request that one may have as long as it's not an utterly ridiculous special request. They deliver it well. On some days, they may not deliver your requests perfectly but the food quality is definitely top notch!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,4/27/2014,55,9,2,7,3>Wow.   This place is money.   Like eating in the Old Country or should I say "Auld" Country.   All kinds of schnitzel here and the goulash soup is an amazing start to the meal.   The salad is simple but a perfect note before hooking into my Parmesan breaded pork schnitzel.   Too stuffed to try their talked about strudel.  Not that I need a reason to go back
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/14/2014,4/26/2014,114,46,2,6,5>The most expensive snacks in this mall available here! But it is a theatre so thats not unexpected.What I can say possitve is that they always have a great selection of the newest movies. We are regular attenders and we utilize our scene points to the max because it is the only way to justify the overpriced popcorn. But the staff does quite well and tollerates me which is something I only thought my wife was capable of. With multiple theatres and a couple being 3D  they can generally set times to work for young and old alike to watch your favorite movies. The sound system seems a bit weak in comparison to other places but it is still more than adequate.I can give a small word of advice or two. If you have a chance to go to the first show of the day, do it...the theatre will be as clean as it gets for the day. Another point to remember, don't leave anything valuable on the floors (Purses Jackets ect.) we went last time and my wife lost her favorite purse to someones fruitopia....it wasn't pretty, they rarely mop floors between movies. Too bad, that was the most expensive movie I have seen yet.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,4/25/2014,51,111,5,8,6>Excellent quality, freshness and for the quantity, the price is right at $4 - $6 per dish. The Siu Mai dumplings were the biggest I've ever seen! Check out my picture of the dim sum menu - there is also a full menu available. For two people whose eyes are way bigger than their stomachs, $50 for 9 items, tea and tip is a decent price for a very satisfying experience. Heads and tails above The Greasy Rice Bowl!
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,4/24/2014,42,86,1,9,6>Melding a vibrant modern interior and consistently raucous diners with the classic tastes of Mexico, Tres Carnales offers up a bright, flavourful dining experience that'll simultaneously sucker-punch each of your senses. Exiting the restaurant into a sound-muffled, softly snow-covered Rice Howard Way is like leaving war-riddled England and stepping into the densely quiet Narnian winter. It's disconcerting.One of Tres Carnales' major downfalls, though, is the size. There's room for only a handful of tables in the restaurant; that, paired with the fortuitous Downtown location, makes it difficult to get seated during peak hours. Line-ups for a weekday lunch stretch outside of the door. Tres Carnales' tagline is "Real Mexican food." In the interests of full disclosure, I'll admit that I've never been to Mexico and my primary experience with tacos comes from working in a Tex Mex restaurant for over 5 years. As a result, I'm partial to flour tacos and Tres Carnales only serves corn tacos. Normally this would be cause for dismissal, but it's what Tres Carnales puts inside of those corn tortillas that makes the restaurant so well-worth visiting.The Tinga Poblana tacos were on special during our visit, so Funmi gave them a shot. These tacos were filled with pulled pork and chipotle peppers, stewed and slow-cooked to tender, flavourful perfection. They were served with a light salsa verde for dipping.I tried a Chorizo Quesadilla, filled with house-made mexican ground chorizo sausage and oodles of cheese. These were very tasty, although a little greasy. I'm a huge fan of Spanish chorizo, which isn't as oily, but the Mexican iteration of the sausage went very well in the corn tortillas. They were served with guacamole, which was a little blander than the guacamole I make for myself at home (hint: I use lots of garlic, onions, tiny diced tomatoes, lemon juice, and salt, along with plenty of mashed avocado...and sometimes some dried chili flakes to spice things up). Nevertheless, it was nice to be able to complement the decadent richness of the quesadilla with a cool, fresh guacamole dip.On a whim, Funmi and I ordered the Papas Fritas to share: a mound of Russet potatoes topped with guajillo chile mayo, queso fresco onions, and cilantro. This side is definitely a must-try; the chile mayo was rich and delicious without being too thick. A perfect addition to our corn tortilla entrées!One of the owners, Chris Sills (el Surfo), made the rounds of the restaurant during our visit to ensure that everyone was enjoying their dining experience. I've read some reviews that disapprove of the restaurant's minimal service policy (which means that diners usually order at the counter, just like at Famoso), but in the two times I've eaten here I've never found the customer service wanting.For one of the owners to concern themselves with the happiness of the dining room means that this restaurant generally cares about the public opinion. No, they won't be standing by with a white cloth on their arm, waiting to pour you a fresh glass of wine, but this isn't the restaurant you go to for a fine dining experience. If Tres Carnales is anything, it's fun, it's vibrant, and it's extremely low-key. And the food is pretty damn good, too.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,4/23/2014,158,543,4,8,8>What a treat!  I came to the Edmonton Opera for their 50th Anniversary and Opening night of Giacomo Puccini's Madama Butterfly last Saturday.  It was a package I had won through Yelp courtesy of Chateau LaCombe Hotel and Blue Sky Limos.This was my first time to the opera as an adult aside from field trips as a chitlin.You could certainly sense the excitement and magic in the air as we entered the Jubilee Auditorium all decked out to the nines!The opera itself was 2 hours and 20 minutes with a 20 minute intermission and the time just flew by!And in case you are nervous you won't understand the various languages, do not fret!  The Edmonton Opera has a small screen above the stage that runs the translation in English during the performance!  The Edmonton Symphony Orchestra and Edmonton Opera Chorus brought production alive with special help from many special cast members from abroad.  Cio-Cio-San (Madama Butterfly) was performed by Anne Sophie Duprels from Paris.  Lieutenant Benjamin Franklin Pinkerton was performed by Luciano Ganci.  As an extra special treat, the Edmonton Opera flew in the original Madama Butterfly and Pinkerton from their debut performance 50 years ago in Edmonton for the Anniversary!  Madama Butterfly also just celebrated it's 110th birthday of production this past February!My date and I were treated to cocktail hour before hand and during intermission in the Director's Circle downstairs.Post performance, we attended the cast party on the 1st floor where we got to meet some of the fantastic cast members and my husband even ran into an old music student of his that was in the Opera Chorus!  Duchess Bake Shop catered the Cast Party with an amazing array of treats.I truly could not have envisioned a more magical night!Next season (staring in October 2014 and ending in April 2015) the Edmonton Opera is offering subscriptions to all three of their performances called the Great Escape with pricing for the subscription starting at only $96!  I also checked out their website and noted they have student pricing available, too!The coming seasons will include Rossini's Barber of Seville (YAY!!!!), Mozart's Magic Flute, and Donizetti's Lucia Di Lammermoor!  I think I may have just found my Anniversary present for my husband but Shhh... Don't tell him ;-)
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,4/21/2014,509,247,3,10,6>We have been to the Von's on two separate occasions this month. Once to the Steak House for birthday meals and to their Oyster Bar Lounge (4:30 to 6:30, Buck-A-Shuck) for our wedding anniversary. We were greatly impressed at both venues.The supper was fantastic having the steaks, tuna and prime rib. Everything was cooked to perfection. We also indulged in some really fresh oysters from the Oyster Bar.A week later my wife and I went to the Oyster Bar. We tried 3 different type of oysters, there are many to choose from. We also ordered a tray of different condiments to try with the Buck-A-Shuck oysters. Ummmf we ate so many of the delicious critters and also ordered the halibut steaks for our main meal.The service is amazing at Vons. The servers are up to speed on all the menus, quick for service and very friendly. The atmosphere is Total Relaxation!! We will be back for sure and I highly recommend you try Von's. The excellent food and fresh oysters are awesome! A little pricey but worth the enjoyment value!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,4/20/2014,292,404,,6,3>I think every speciality hobby should have a speciality shop like Provisions. A great place to browse and argue with the owner over Ladurée vs Pierre Hermé macarons, it has raised the bar of Edmonton in ways only Duchess bakeshop had, in the past.  The ingredients available here are the best you can ask for. They are the best there is. While the store is clean and organized, don't be fooled by its size. There are lots of things available here, whether you like to bake cookies, cakes, make ice creams and gelatos, bake brioches, or are a recipe book hoarder.  Get your Anita's flour (super expensive, but excellent) here, or your bergamot extract - because we all need that, don't we? ;-) - or, a good quality baker's blade! The best thing about this store is that they carry the highest quality products in every department of baking. Instead of spending hours sifting through pointless books on baking, they just carry the best ones here. Of course, while they are the best in my opinion, they also tend to be some of the most traditional and painstaking ways of making things. I believe they are the only shop in Edmonton that sells patinas. I've looked for bread patinas for a while, so this was a great find for me. Browse through, shop carefully and make great creations at home!
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,4/19/2014,49,120,1,5,5>In our search for a romantic Valentines dinner, Allan G and I decided to try Violino this year, and had a decent experience. But not quite as perfect as we'd hoped. When we entered, we followed the hostess, and unfortunately, she began heading upstairs. My legs have gotten more and more sluggish with my MS this last year, so I asked could we please sit downstairs instead. She said sure. We all began to head back downstairs. Let me just mention I've recently gotten new progressive lenses so you know what to expect. Yeah....I  missed a step, and fell dramatically against the bannister, scaring the bejeezus out of the folks sitting below. This was my cue to look up, find every eye in the restaurant on me, and say "No applause please." No smiles, nothing. Tough crowd. The interior is gorgeous, and we settled in, ordering a bottle of Malbec as I rubbed my bashed-up wrist and we had a laugh over what an incredible klutz I am.Al ordered the boar-bacon wrapped filet, and I had the osso buco. I've never eaten veal in my life because of what I've read about the treatment of the calves, but I have always wanted to try osso buco, and I figured if I was going to try it anywhere (outside of Italy), this would be a good place for it. The wine was going down well, and we were having a great conversation, but we couldn't help but notice the long wait for the food. Now, for a well-done expensive meal, yes, it's understandable that it will take longer, but this was getting pretty excessive. The food arrived, and it was delicious. The meat fell right off the bone-- tender and amazing. It was served with a wine sauce and basil polenta, which were also good. Between courses, the wait was also frustrating. Our server seemed competent, but rushed. I can only assume that the holiday hit them hard, and perhaps they were understaffed. We DID order dessert, although we considered passing. I'm glad we did. The tiramisu was the best I've had since leaving Italy. Allan G had the Frangelico Chocolate Raspberry Torte and also pronounced it good. We were delighted to find that they had comped both desserts. Al remains convinced that this is because of our long wait, but I personally think they were worried about my fall, and didn't want a lawsuit. But that's the American in me talking-- we're sue-happy, and I'm used to everyone thinking that way. I'm relieved if they don't. If you're looking for a romantic Italian evening out, you definitely want to try Violino.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/7/2014,4/18/2014,49,256,2,6,3>This antique mall is a fun place to go if you want to kill time and look at some cool stuff! They have many, many items, such as kitchen items, music, clothing, furniture, toys, games, you name it! Some merchandise is new (or in package) and some is used, and there is a ton of stuff crammed into the space!Prices and item quality vary from vendor to vendor, but I have only purchased a couple of scarves here because I find that the majority of the merchandise is (in my opinion) too expensive. Many vendors are selling the same or similar items for different prices, so be sure to look through the entire market before purchasing. I saw the same pyrex mixing bowls and the same fermentation crocks in several different areas for different prices. I also saw some prices that I thought were outrageous, for example, clear/colorless pyrex bowls (set of 2) for $18, when that color and style are still available new (at Walmart) for $10 (3 pc). I understand the vintage colors running a bit pricier but I thought what one vendor was asking for the colorless ones was insane. I also saw many things I already have (mixing bowls and decorative glass items) and couldn't believe someone would pay what these vendors were asking. Maybe it was just the specific items I was interested in that were expensive though -- as Joanna states, costume jewelry, as well as some clothing (incl. those scarves I mentioned) is reasonably priced, and often quite unique.On my most recent trip I looked through a couple boxes full of licence plates after seeing an old Alberta amateur radio plate screwed on to the front of a box, but alas, the only amateur radio plate was that one! I guess that is an aside, but I gotta say I was disappointed.I've been here a few times and always find interesting things, but overall this is not a place I would look to do actual shopping unless I was looking for a specific "antique" item and had a fairly flexible budget.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,4/17/2014,16,119,3,16,15>I dropped off a pair of trouser jeans at John the Tailor last Saturday afternoon for hemming. I had a delightful, quick encounter with a staffer (whose name I have unfortunately forgotten), and I was glad my first trip ever to a tailor was not painful at all--in fact, quite enjoyable.I said there was no rush, so we agreed on April 16th. I received a call this morning to tell me they were already finished. I'll add another star after I pick them up and take a look, but I have a feeling they'll be great. They'll also getting a lot more of my business because of their convenient location in City Centre Mall (though it's hidden away near the pedway to the Sutton Place Hotel).A note: if you habitually put your clothes in the dryer, you'll want to put your items to be tailored through a wash and dry cycle before you drop them off. They have signs all over their shop to this effect, but I wasn't aware of it beforehand. I was exempted after I promised that I never put anything but towels and sheets in the dryer, but you may not be so lucky :).Update: they're perfect!
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,4/16/2014,21,28,,12,5>I hung out here for a few hours on a week night and it was a lot better than I was expecting from a bar on 118 Avenue.  It's very clean and friendly and good music was playing while I was in there.  I didn't order any food but I heard a few people around me talk about how good it was.  Drink prices are reasonable and so are the prices to see a live band.  This place is worth checking out for sure.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,4/15/2014,135,69,3,8,3>After several years of searching for a decent dog groomer that didn't nick my poor dog, I came across Keidun Groomers. I have been taking my dog there now for 6 years and have always been more than satisfied at the results. Debbie the owner and sole groomer does amazing, show quality work. She used to groom dogs for competitions  and it shows!Debbie grooms the dogs in a small studio on her acreage. There, dogs, cats and an old turtle enjoy each others company.You need to book way ahead of time as she is very popular! I always book my dogs next appointment on the day I take her. That's 3 months ahead! But I wouldn't think of going anywhere else.Take note that Debbie only takes personal cheques or cash. She also only grooms small dogs.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,4/14/2014,69,217,5,14,5>Great service. Good food. But why tip when its basically self serve????I came here for lunch bc of the rave reviews. I ordered the green curry with coconut rice. It was very good. It was watery for me at first bc I was accustomed to a thicker sauce but the flavour was perfect and it warmed me up like a hot bowl of pho on a cold winter day. I also ordered the pad thai. There was a good portion of chicken in my meal but I found the ratio of noodles to bean sprouts to be disappointing. There was so much bean sprouts it really looked like a vegtable dish not a noodle dish. Despite this downfall the flavours were good. My only disapointment was that there is an automatic tip when u pay with a card. Not mandatory just a prompt to tip. I find this annoying as I had to seat myself then go to a counter to order and refill my own water. Then I have to go to the counter for takeout boxes and pack it myself... Mmmm im not sure why I have to tip if they just ring in my order and put it on my table....just saying.Other than that. Friendly service and next time I know that I shouldnt tip 20% for serving myself.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,4/13/2014,24,122,,5,4>The Telus World of Science has gone through many name changes over the years (I still call it the Edmonton Space and Sciences Centre), but it still remains as one of the best places in Edmonton to have fun indoors year round.  I have always been a science nerd, and have many fond memories of visiting here as a child, and also now enjoy visiting as an adult who is a scientist by profession.  Bring comfortable shoes, and hand sanitizer; there is a lot to see, and a lot to touch and do.  The TWoS has a number of permanent exhibits, as well as a two sections for travelling exhibits and two theatres.  The IMAX theatre is the largest in Alberta (so the advertisements claim), and recently underwent a renovation to update the screen, sound and seats.  IMAX tickets are purchased separately from general admission, so if you want to see a movie, you'll pay extra, and on the flip side, you can go see a movie without paying for admission.  The second theatre is the Margaret Zielder star theatre, and is a completely domed screen.  Shows in this theatre are included in general admission, and are delightful - being surrounded by a screen is a neat experience. The permanent exhibits are starting to show their age a bit, but are still fun.  There is a weather and nature gallery, a space gallery, a human body gallery and (my favorite) mystery avenue, where you get a sheet and collect clues to solve a crime.  The crime changes every few years, but they are usually lighthearted and very kid friendly.  I went recently for the Harry Potter Exhibition and will add my thoughts here as well.  The exhibit was fun, but really just movie props and clothing.  There wasn't a large interactive component, and we were done in under an hour.  We tried out a couple of audio tours and found the sound bytes to be short, and in most cases, uninteresting.  I wouldn't recommend bothering, but if you do, bring your own headphones, or a headphone splitter if you want to share.  The Harry Potter gift shop was incredibly expensive.  I have been to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter in Orlando, and found the gift shop with this exhibit to have lower quality merchandise at 2-3 times the price.  Example: $6 for a box of approximately 15 every-flavor jellybeans, or $35 for a metal pen.  If you aren't able to go to Florida though, it's worth the visit.  The admission prices for the "special" exhibits are high, but there is plenty to do and see with general admission, and it's hard not to have fun checking everything out.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,4/12/2014,353,217,3,8,4>Pretty sure it's just common knowledge at this point that my favourite coffee in all of Edmonton comes from Transcend. This coffee sets the standard for every other coffee I try ever. I've been here a zillion times, and I'm surprised with myself that I have never written a review for this location. With that said, I've also noticed that the service has dwindled slightly over the past few years. What was once an extremely friendly and down-to-earth coffee shop has now officially become pretentious, and I'm not a fan of that. The baristas used to be fun and ask you how your day was and seem to genuinely care about each and every customer. Now, they pretty much just take your drink order and talk to each other behind the counter while you wait. Example of my last visit there:There was no one in line and I ordered a soy latte, my friend ordered just a clover coffee. There were two baristas behind the counter, and they were chatting it up with each other. Totally cool. Her coffee came, mine did not. A few more people came in and ordered americanos, lattes, whatever, and their drinks came up on the bar. Mine did not. So I piped up and asked, "Excuse me, is there a soy latte coming up?" "Yep it's the next one up."And then I watched him pull a new shot of espresso and take the soy out of the refrigerator. Clearly, they had forgotten my drink. And you know what, that's totally cool... I've worked in a cafe before, I know how it is. But dude, if you just admit that you forgot about me and that you're going to right this wrong, instead of making me feel bad for asking about the drink that I just bought from you... that would be muchly appreciated! The whole experience felt impersonal, and that was not the Transcend that I fell in love with years ago! Ah well, things change, people change, right? At least the coffee is still a cut above all else.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,4/11/2014,28,93,,7,4>Gluten Free Goodness available here! Be sure to visit the location on 104 Ave & 116 St.I crave their food once in a while...which is good, because it tastes so good I'd eat way to much of it, way too often.NEWS Bulletin! Now carrying Deep Fried Gluten Free Mars BARS! Be sure to share it - it's a lot to eat alone!The fish portion here is HUGE. Don't order too many pieces... or maybe DO. It reheats in the toaster oven the next day. The onion rings are fantastic - and reheat perfectly. Batter is CRISPY tasty almost tempura. If you want gooey battered fish, this isn't the place for you.No reservations here, order at the counter.  Licenced, and there is some beers on tap as well. Decor... uh, it's diner meets hotel chairs, meets food court-ish. I don't come here for the ambiance.The menu and choices are ginormous... you can stand there for a while. There's even a family meal. Take out is possible, but the fish is really at it's best eaten fresh right out of the fryer.Meal for two at supper -Two pieces of fish, chips & a serving of onion rings with one shared beverage and tip is around $37.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,4/10/2014,53,55,1,6,4>What a great neighbourhood restaurant! If it is a Friday or Saturday night, you'll probably want to make reservations. The food is great, the staff is friendly and is always quick to take your order and they are quick with the drinks and appies. The food is reasonably priced and you will always be happy with your food. I have eaten there many times and always come away full and happy!
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,4/9/2014,15,131,2,4,4>Happy Harbor Comics is a great place if you need ANYTHING related to comic books. I went in there needing a ton of boxes and sleeves and they had more than enough. Plus they offered to order special ones for me if I needed them.The service is also really top notch.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,4/8/2014,187,341,1,6,4>I always park in front of Nhon Hoa but I finally stopped in for a quick snack the other day. First of all, I was surprised at how huge the menu was! At least a dozen varieties of subs, if not more, on a huge board up on the wall. Plus a few different soups and many kinds of rolls. I noticed a few vegetarian options as well. Sandwiches were cheap! The most basic ones were $4 and I think the priciest was only $4.75. Fantastic. I got a combo deal with a non-basic sub, two spring rolls and a pop and it came out to less than $8. Sandwich came pretty quickly. I did see the spring rolls lounging under a hot light, but they still tasted good. The sandwich was fresh and tasted good. Cash only!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,4/7/2014,94,253,,12,6>Dang, that's some fine chicken. It will be hard to go back to the "other" fried stuff after trying the Korean version. The batter was awesomely crispy and the sticky-sweet sesame sauce that came with was positively addicting. At first, I tried to be dainty and eat it with chopsticks, but then I realized that there was a reason the waitress brought wet-naps to every table...Dumplings and deep-fried shrimp were ok, but I found them less flavourful and a little greasy. The chicken owns this place.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,4/6/2014,21,40,,6,5>This place was recommended to me by a friend. If not for that, I would likely have never noticed this tiny shop tucked away in a strip mall. I had the 'Italian Bride' sandwich, of Avenue Magazine's '25 Things to Eat' fame. Proscuitto, roasted red pepper, sundried tomato, bocconcini and basil on a pretzel bun. While the bocconcini was a little rubbery and the pretzel bun too salt-encrusted, this sandwich was quite good overall. I could definitely taste the freshness of the ingredients. Although there are a few tables, seating is lacking and this is definitely more of a "2 Go" place. Prices are a bit steep, but not too crazy.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,4/5/2014,40,145,3,6,3>As you age, your tastes in everything changes. After entering adulthood and the expected tour of duties of the bar scene, you may be fortunate to find some friends who also share the same fear of alcohol and partying as you do. Although I grew up with board games, my friends weren't board game frenzied yet and the ones we played weren't as engaging as the ones we have found with age. Thankfully, it seems like my group of friends have reached an age where sitting around a table with tea/coffee/wine/beer and a good board game is more enjoyable than dreading the morning headache and D.A.D.S after a night of clubbing.I still play the classics like Rummicub, Life, Cluedo but if you ask some avid board gamers in their mid to late 20's, they might mention games you may never heard of such as 7 Wonders, Suburbia, Love Letter, Dominion, and the ever favorite (but not mine!) Settlers of Catan.As board gamers, these new breeds of board games are sometimes much more expensive than the games you're used to. Some creep close to $100.00 based on popularity and awards.An alternative to buying the games is to head on to Table Top Cafe and "renting" games for the day. Instead of going to a coffee shop to read a nice book, why not go to a cafe with some friends and play some board games for a spectacular cost of $5.00? This is a great way to try new games before taking the plunge. They even have some tasty pastries, hot teas, coffees and beer too if you like to play and eat. Which is great because this way, you won't smear your grubby fingers on my board set!Their selection of board games  is quite impressive. I would even say they carry games that trump even River City Games in terms of selection. Like a game you just played? No problem. You can purchase a brand new copy in store! Unfortunately, like most physical retailers, their mark up is about average and the same as River City. But, if you're in a rush to just buy a game right away and don't plan on buying many games off online retailers to save on shipping, this is a great alternative.Oh, did I also mention I offensively played Cards Against Humanity for a few hours quite loudly and it was perfectly acceptable? That's an OK in my book.Pro Tip: Book a table in advanced to guarantee your spot!Pop Up Video Fact: Locally owned and run!
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,4/4/2014,41,524,,9,4>My family was raving about this restaurant so we were on the southside and decided to have a late lunch.  It was around 1:30 on a Saturday when we arrived to find it was more than half full.  The restaurant isn't large but it's clean and bright.  There are booths and some tables, but not many large tables.We were greeted warm by a familiar server and tea was brought in large cups instead of the small tea cups.  It's likely easier so they don't have to be refilled as frequent as they don't leave a tea pot on the table.  We ordered 2 dishes; shrimp wonton noodle soup and chow mein and I think the price was about $20 for both.The soup had about 6 large shrimp wontons and the broth was tasty.  Very tasty! The assorted chow mein had veggies, seafood, meat, and crispy noodles.  My mom and sister liked it.The bathroom was a little messy with papers on the floor but they did have soap which is a good sign so you know staff should be using it! Great food and service and will be back if in the area.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2014,4/3/2014,142,114,3,9,6>Went to the tilted kilt for a late lunch around 12:30 and there was a 20 minute wait for a table. The hostess was attentive and filled tables as soon as they opened, but they just weren't opening... I guess people liked the scenery enough to take extended lunches.We got a table about 20 minutes later after a quick drink at the bar. They have a good beer selection with lots on tap.Once seated our waitress was phenomenal. She gave us a fake name (chase) but in a community like Sherwood park I don't blame her. I ordered the Scottish cheese steak and garlic fries. The Scottish cheese steak is a rib eye minced and fried like a Philly cheese steak. The steak was a little over done, but the nicely grilled vegetables and cheese made up for it. The garlic fries were out of this world, better than safeco field in Seattle, I was impressed. We also got some onion rings that came with a unique spicy sauce, worth trying but nothing to write home or a yelp review about.Overall a good experience, I can't wait to go back!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,4/2/2014,50,288,2,9,5>I went to the Citadel the other night to see a Rapid Fire Theatre show with my friend. I hadn't seen a RFT show since they moved from The Varscona to The Citadel. I've been to The Citadel several times before, but RFT shows are at Zeidler Hall, and I'd never been there. First let's be honest. The Citadel is a nice venue, and the shows there (at least the ones I've seen) have been great, but the decor - the lovely orange facade on the outside is a bit dated. Their website says the current building was finished in 1976, and it probably wouldn't hurt anyone if The Citadel went through a makeover. Fun fact of trivia Grant MacEwan's Centre for the Arts Campus on the west end (also a "lovely" orange building) was modelled after The Citadel. That being said the inside of The Citadel is nice. It's very concrete looking, but I love the atrium  on the inside with all the plants, and the theatres themselves are nice. I know being in Edmonton in the winter often means not seeing greenery for several months (most years), so it's nice to walk into The Citadel and sit at one of the benches enjoying the greenery. Bonus it's free. There's a Second Cup at The Citadel, but I think it's only open during the day. There is a Normand's Bistro restaurant as well for pre and/or post-show dinner and drinks. Like I mentioned before I've been to The Citadel, but not to Zeidler Hall. This used to be where Metro Edmonton was, so it's a movie theatre, but there's also an elevated stage. Unlike some of the theatres in The Citadel (I'm looking at you Shoctor) the seats at Zeidler Hall are quite comfortable. The improv show was about 2 hours with a 15 minute intermission and at no point in time did my butt fall asleep, or did my back start to hurt. I'm 5ft 10inches tall, with fairly long legs, and I hate seats that are so close together I have no leg room. I found the leg room here was really good. There's enough space in between the rows you can walk past someone sitting in a seat to your seat without bumping into them. Another bonus about seeing a show at Zeidler Hall is that you can bring in food and drinks, although they don't have cup holders. Volunteers for RFT sell a few drinks outside the theatre, water, pop, Steam Whistle beer, etc, and they sell Twizzlers for 25 cents - nice way to use up some spare quarters. I thought there was another show at The Citadel going on when I was there, but the starting time must have been later, or maybe earlier than The RFT show. In any case the lobby wasn't crowded with people, and during intermission there wasn't a lineup for the bathrooms. Nothing worse than spending all intermission waiting in line for the bathroom. The show itself was entertaining, but I always enjoy seeing RFT.  They open up with the free improv players telling some jokes, and then goes into theatre sports with the regular RFT players. Of course it's hard to review an improv showing, seeing that every show will be different, but I've never gone to an RFT show and left bored or frowning. Tickets to regular Citadel shows usually start around $45, which isn't a bad price for live theatre. I always love going to The Citadel, their productions are professional and well done. RFT tickets are $13.29 and are sold through EventBrite, so they're even a better deal. Instead of going to a movie, for around same price you could see some great live improv. Plus there's no way you'll be able to get Twizzlers at the movies for 25 cents. The Citadel is close to the Churchill LRT station, and if the weather's bad you can just use the pedway and avoid being outside at all. If you decide to park at The Citadel parking is a $5 flat rate after 5pm - cash only.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,4/1/2014,15,54,2,7,5>I have lived only blocks away from the French Quarter my whole life and ironically have never learned French. I heard about this place, have driven by it and really wanted to try it out. I decided to invite my friend who grew up in Ottawa and has a much more solid grasp of the French language, to assist me with the menu.....and for company I guess ;)We walked in and walked up to the counter where all the menu items were displayed in French and were promptly greeted by the person by the counter in French. I must have externalized my terror because he immediately followed with "can I help you with the menu?" He was super nice about it, and made me feel way better and less like some kind of outsider. We declined his help (after all, that's what my friend was there for) and agreed to try the smoked salmon eggs benedict and their famous poutine. Holy man did we ever make a good decision. That was probably one of the best eggs benedict I had ever had. The hollandaise was rich without being too thick and had the perfect amount of fresh dill to compliment the salmon. My favourite part was the biscuit that it came on instead of the traditional English muffin. It was toasted and crispy, and had little bits of ham in it. Seriously, so freaking good - I hope its a regular brunch item and wasn't just a special. The poutine was also fantastic. Perfect fries, perfect gravy...and of course perfect cheese. We ordered a small to share and it was a fairly decent sized portion. I should also mention that the place really filled up while we were there (Sunday morning at around 11 AM). By the time we left there was really only bar stool space left by the windows. I am sure that come summer when the Farmers Market reopens there will be a line to get in, so get there early. I loved the service, I loved the food and I felt really comfortable. Totally deserving of all the rave reviews and you need to try it for yourself!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,3/31/2014,3,26,,5,3>used my first groupon to try these guys out and It was very decent.  unfortunately there are so many choices you must make to have your dinner that im sure you are doomed to a mistake or two on your first visitthe program is interesting... you get a bowl... you go to the food area where there are many choices of veggies/meats/sauces.  you load your bowl as you personally choose... then they weigh it and decide what to charge you by weight... then they cook it for you and let you eat it :)I found I took too much broccoli... it didn't really get soft for me when they cooked it.  I didn't take nearly enough baby corn or noodles as both were very yummymy wife and I didn't take remotely enough sauce either... the waitress did bring us extra sauce after and explained a lot of the sauce will get cooked off the food while its being prepared... so do take quite a lot of sauce.all-in-all this is a 'different' type of place that is good for an 'experience.'  the food is very decent but pretty expensive for what you get at normal prices.  Even with my groupon I ended up paying 25 dollars for the wife and I and I didn't have any drink {but I did leave a decent tip}  Im thinking for 25 dollars you deserve to feel well fed when you walk away from a restraint but both my wife and I felt less then stuffed.the complimentary soup was so blandish that neither of felt we could eat it either.the uniqueness of the experience... the groupon coupon participation... the vast selection of veggies/meats you can choose from... all earn these guys a 4 star from me but just barely.  I definitely will do things much different if I go here again and I wouldn't be returning unless I do take advantage of another groupon to do it with either
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,3/30/2014,65,170,,8,4>My mom and dad bought that rocking chair just before my sister was born in 1968.  All four of us kids were rocked in that chair.  My sister's son was rocked in that chair, and I was delighted at the thought of rocking my child in that same chair.  However, after 40+ years of rocking and several transcontinental moves, the rocking chair needed repair.  It was missing two spokes along the back when my baby arrived two years ago, and when he was a month old, a third spoke broke, making any more rocking of the child unsafe.I searched online for a local repair shop.  I was thrilled to find Chair Repair Guys, not to far from where I live and very reasonably priced.  They did a great job fixing the chair.  The new spokes are not an exact match, but close enough, and the upholstered padding covers them up anyway.  They completely rebuilt the chair, taking it apart and reassembling it, not just gluing for a quick fix.My only complaint is the lack of communication.  I was first told that my chair would be ready in about a month, so I called them in a month and they told me that they were backed up and the chair wasn't ready.  They told me they'd call when it was.  So I waited another six weeks before calling again.  That time they told me that it had been ready for a "long time" but that they would make sure it was dusted off for me before I came.   I just wish they would've called when they told me they would.Their work was lovely.  And my toddler loves climbing up and rocking in what he considers his new chair.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,3/29/2014,31,124,3,7,5>If you're looking for something a little more exotic than Apothic wine, then you have to step out of the Liquor Depot and head over to Vinomania.The selection is fantastic from all over the world and there is a wine for every taste. If you can't decide, the staff is friendly, very knowledgable and always willing to point you on the right direction. And if wine isn't your thing, they also have a good selection of other liquors as well as a back cooler full of beer. And while the wines can range from quite affordable to more special occasion prices, most prices are quite competitive with the more run-of-the-mill liquor stores
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,3/28/2014,17,30,,3,3>An awesome way to spend a saturday morning. Great food, the breakfast is awesome and there are tons of great vendors. An Edmonton fixture for sure!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,3/27/2014,17,66,2,6,4>Buffet is $16.99. It had dishes like Tandoori chicken, Butter Chicken, Chili Chicken, Veg Pakora, Naan bread, Lamb curry, Sarson Ka saag, Fish Amritsari, Hakka noodles, Baby Corn Manchurian,Rajma, Shahi Paneer, Aloo Gobi, Maki Roti.The dishes could have been hotter if they didnt leave the spoons in the dishes as it kept the lids open and let the heat escape. Maybe plates to put the spoons on might help this.For dessert they had rice pudding and squares. Jabalees, custard andRasmalia.The chai Masala tea is very good and refillable unlike many places that charge by the cup or pot.The coconut naan is delicious and compliments butter chicken nicely.The service was friendly but a little slow at first after getting seated. However they weren't overbearing and stopping by every other minute.  I would eat here again. One of the better buffets I came across flavor wise and in freshness.I was impressed with gentleman who rang in my bill.  had a few dollars left that I didnt spend on my Groupon and suggested I have a few Samosas to go.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,3/26/2014,31,151,4,11,7>This place is the best! It's small, so it can get really crowded (as it did when I picked up my Thanksgiving turkey last weekend), but they have just about everything you might ever need. Lots of fresh meats but lots of good frozen stuff too like game meat and sausages. They have great marrow bones (Safeway ones are gross in comparison) - perfect for roasting and eating with rye bread, parsley salad, and a sprinkle of Maldon sea salt (à la Fergus Henderson).Anything you need, just call them ahead of time - they are friendly, knowledgeable, and willing to take the time to talk to you about your needs. I had wanted a small turkey for Thanksgiving and when I called a week ago, the lady on the other end of the phone knew right away that she had a 12-lb turkey in her freezer that had been delivered the week before; did I want her to put that aside for me? Sure did!! When I went to pick it up on Saturday, the place was a zoo, but all staff members were on hand to help out and move things along. The turkey itself was great - smelled like a happy fresh bird out of the bag and tasted even better :) I will definitely be picking up another bird for my upcoming turducken project (along with the duck and chicken) - though I'm told that for a nominal fee, they will assemble it for you! They also sharpen knives for a nominal fee - I usually bring mine in twice per year. I think I would shop here a lot more often if I lived closer - otherwise, the only drawback for me is that they aren't open on Sundays, but I guess the butcher has to rest too :)
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,3/25/2014,187,427,3,6,7>The banana cream pie yields a taste sensation that send electricity from my mouth throughout my spine, to my very toes and out back through my head. Simply stellar! Bravo! Manifique! Effing Good!I ordered this pie a few days ahead. It tasted very fresh. At 18$ even it isn't cheap, but so worth it. Next time you have a house party with friends bring a pie for everyone. It was a huge hit! Barely survived 15 mins before being gobbled up!I never sat down inside, but it looks beautiful in the shop. Seems like they really take a bake shop to the next level. Lives up to the hype. Why haven't I come here sooner? The only thing is they are only open until 6 on Saturday. This is very sad. I would love to come here before a night on the town. Also, they tend to run out of goods towards the end of the day. So you might want to drop by way before an hour to closing.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,3/24/2014,34,76,,8,4>I recently got some t-shirts made up from Road Gear and I was very happy with the results. Russell helped get the shirt designed, gave me a whole bunch of options to choose from, and kept me in the loop throughout the whole process. Best of all, they came in right on budget and delivered faster than promised!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,3/23/2014,11,73,2,5,3>They must have done something at Tasty Tom's in 2013; turning over a new leaf? A guy friend and I went here for burgers and fries after watching a play at the Fringe. I had the fish burger while my friend had their schnitzel burger. It was delicious and the portions are generous. However, when it was time to pack up our leftovers, the server unceremoniously threw out my friend's leftovers while she packed mine. She felt pretty bad and gave us a plate of dessert to share -- on the house.Just a few weekends ago, my fiance and I came here for breakfast. Their spinach omelette, with brie and crabcakes, was on special -- it was so good. I've always liked the option of having rye toast with breakfast. The quality of food has really improved consistently since my last review. Tasty Tom's is Tasty again!!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,3/22/2014,14,108,2,5,4>Aligra Wine & Spirits is for the connoisseurs and adventure seekers. It's not the type of liquor store that the drunks crawl to to buy their $5 dollar box of wine, nor is it frequented by the neighbourhood teenagers as a place to pick up their pre-drinking supplies before heading off to some trendy club that will be out of business next week.Jennie M, in her review, already covered in great detail about Aligra's vast and diverse wine selection so I don't need to expand on that. They also have a fridge full of imported and domestic beers and ales with funny names like Skull Splitter and Vulcan Ale (Yes, it is named after Spock's home planet). The beers are sold in individual bottles so it's great for people that enjoy trying different brands of beer without having to purchase a whole case.On that note, you won't find the usual brands of beer that you see advertised on TV commercials featuring moose, snow, and every other unfortunate Canadian stereotype that you can think of. This is strictly for people that want to try something different.Their selections of all the other bar staples (whiskey, vodka, rum, etc) is excellent too. They have the exotic and the run-of-the-mill.Aligra sells a selection of pre-packed gift baskets featuring all sorts of goodies and they will also custom-build baskets on request. On my last visit there they were also selling "Grab 'n Go" bags filled with 6 different wines selected by the staff for around a hundred bucks a bag.They also have events once in a while such as wine tastings. Recently Erik Turner of the band Warrant ("Cherry Pie", "Heaven" . . . remember them?) was there for an in-store appearance to promote Warrant's new brand of wine. Apparently it's required by law now for all classic rock bands to have their own line of booze products.Aligra's staff are extremely knowledgeable on the product they're selling and are always happy to help you pick out what's right for you.I've made myself incredibly thirsty now. I'm gonna go have a drink.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,3/21/2014,33,66,2,5,3>We bring both of our furry family members (dogs) to Animal Medical Centre. We've been here for both annual checkups/vaccines as well as for two occasions of illness. When we moved to town and looked for a new veterinary centre, we had a few requirements:1. No weird smells / clean2. Friendly staff3. (Most importantly) Great care! We found that Animal Medical Centre meets all of these and is one of the few south--end veterinary clinics that  appears to have AAHA accreditation.While the prices are slightly higher (and teeth cleaning will be out-of-the-picture) we chose a place with extended hours for after-work visits, and one that is conveniently located. As mentioned, we have made more than one last-minute appointment!The staff is very friendly - the clinic is overall very clean (but a bit dated)- and our dogs are greeted with bones that have their names on them. While we had one vet we wouldn't recommend, we LOVE Doctor Peter Claffey and his heart for taking care of our pups - He leaned in for a cuddle with our very snotty-nosed sick dog during his exam! In the following days, we even received a follow-up phone call from him to see how our boy was improving! We very quickly ensured that a note was put on the file so that we only see Dr. Claffey in the future.That said, the one vet we wouldn't recommend suggested expensive procedures that we decided against and while it may have been a cross-cultural misunderstanding, we felt judged about our "parenting" skills through the interaction.Ultimately, choosing a vet is like choosing a doctor - it's necessary to find one who listens to you and meets your needs! This is even more important when paying for care of your loved ones who don't have a voice. While Animal Medical Centre, or even an individual vet working there, may not be perfect for your family, we've found great care and concern and will continue to visit as the need arises.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,3/20/2014,25,260,1,4,2>I've never heard of Istanbul Restaurant until this weekend when we went there on an early Saturday evening. We called last minute to book a reservation and they only had one spot for 6:15pm and it was only available for an hour! No problem. If your not like us, you should probably make a reservation, especially if you want a prime time. Guess we missed out on the belly dancer but we just wanted to eat!The place has an interesting décor to it. I found the chairs (red) were pretty odd and not the comfiest but that didn't really matter to us. Servers were great and even though we were on a time crunch, we did not feel rushed at all. I like how they told us that we could have the table as long as we left by x time. This is how it should be (unlike some restaurants, one in particular, that did not do this even though we had booked a reservation way in advance and for a large group). Just saying I'm happy they have good service and run their business well.Anyways, for the food, we ordered a couple of items to share family style:- Red lentil puree soup ($5) - came with a couple of pita bread slices. Very nice way to start our dinner. Soup was light, tasty and nice smooth texture to it.- Barbecued lamb chop ($30) - you get 6 of the most tender, perfectly cooked lamb chops. These were so good. Definitely the best thing we ordered. Comes with side of bulgur, humus, pita bread and salad.- Seafood casserole ($25) - you get small shrimps, calamari and mussels in a herb-garlic butter sauce. Also comes with all the sides I mentioned above. The casserole was topped with cheese. It was good but I wouldn't order it again. Definitely would stick to the Turkish traditional dishes.- Adana chicken kebob ($18) - you get one long piece of "spicy" ground chicken that is barbequed and comes with the same sides. I wouldn't say it was spicy at all. But it was still tasty.Only thing we found odd was that the bulgur was lukewarm. Oh and that none of us had napkins on our table. I guess they just forgot about that.I love finding new places to eat at and I was pleasantly surprised with Istanbul.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,3/19/2014,67,269,4,7,5>The name of this place was a bit misleading... I was expecting meat-lovers paradise, maybe a BBQ joint. Instead, the menu contains a surprising number of vegetarian and vegan friendly options. Don't worry though, there's still plenty of meat to be had, including maple bacon ice cream for dessert. I had the porchetta sandwich because porchetta is the best. The server recommended it as well, but I had pretty much already made up my mind. It came out quickly, no side, just the sandwich. It was filling enough though, I probably could have shared it along with a side and been satisfied. The service was great and the decor is cute. My sandwich was $11... Not cheap, but not unreasonable. I'm looking forward to coming back for the ice cream!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,3/18/2014,20,116,3,6,3>**Sorry about this, really....I wrote this review and ANOTHER Dental Clinic popped in there and I couldn't figure out how to fix it, so here it is again, with the CORRECT DENTAL CLINIC.  Thank you to those who thought it was useful, I hope you read this and get the correct address :-)I know....HOW on Earth could someone be a fan of a dental office?  Yet, I am :-)Since moving to Edmonton and the area in which we live, our goal has been to find things closer to home, easy to get to on foot or by car (if absolutely necessary).  Truth be told, my companion went to Westmount Denture Clinic first since I have always tried to avoid the dentist.However, a teeth cleaning is necessary for good periodontal health and so, over the years I have been going.More recently, I have been noticing how really pleasant, professional and consistent this office is :-)  They have hours that accommodate the most fastidious of schedules (take appointments as early as 7am and as late as 7pm), online confirmation emails are sent out (two days before your appointment), and if you don't confirm, the office calls you IN CASE you missed the email note :-)I have noticed more so since in the last little while since I needed to go to take care of a dental issue (receding gum section--TMI? ;-0 ) and have had to have them work with me to figure out a day/time because of my work schedule (which is abhorrent, at best). The office was very good at helping me get a good time and day, as well, the Dentist also informed me how I would feel or not feel so I could best figure out if I could go to work in the morning afterwards or prefer not if I wasn't feeling up to it.  In fact, during the procedure, the dentist could tell that I was feeling anxious and asked me if I wanted to stop....he kindly obliged and let me "take a 10 minute break" so I could bring down my stress level a bit and the Hygienist assisting him sat with me a bit to talk with me and through my bit of anxiety. Rarely do you wait more than 5-10 minutes after your scheduled appointment and once in you are greeted and the people actually spend time with you for 5-7 minutes to have a chat about other things besides your teeth health.  Don't be fooled though, they are quite serious about their work and are quite thorough in talking you through what they are doing and what may need to be done if that is the case.  Also, they consider your work schedule and work with you to make things work.So, yes, I am a "fan" :-)  Though I CAN wait to go back, I won't avoid going when I need to either :-)
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,3/15/2014,32,106,3,7,3>A well-kept secret on 104th Street! I'm surprised that I'm the first to review Weekly since they opened in summer 2013.On the recommendation of a friend, I dropped by for a Men's Haircut with Craig, the owner. All of the staff was friendly and accommodating, and the cut was excellent. Craig took his time to make sure the cut suited my challenging (fine) hair and was well executed. Well worth the $40 rate.The space itself is neat. Located in the basement of the Mercer building, the vibe is laid-back and hip. Nice tunes are spun and beverages that are a little, um, stronger than coffee and tea are served. Be sure to call ahead to book your appointments, as Weekly's schedule is too densely packed to accommodate most walk-ins.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,3/14/2014,10,68,3,9,5>What can I say other than don't judge me because I like to indulge every now and them lol.  In all  seriousness I have used the driving services of these fine people many many times and am so thankful they are available.Do the math and what may seem a tad pricey at first is really no different than taking a cab both ways AND you get the security of knowing your car is safely at home.  No waiting for a taxi the next day and being at the whim of their arrival.The service is great and friendly people and I think pretty reasonable pricing.  Always on time in my experiences with them and will call kindly when at your place of pick up.Please do not drink and drive and please consider one of the better assets in our city to help keep our roads safe!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,3/13/2014,115,132,2,8,5>I'm Korean so I'm quite tough on Korean restaurants. Giving a 4 star review is very very good for my standards. Being raised by generations of excellent cooks/chefs I've honed my palate and believe I know what to expect from any Korean dish. I've been 3 times in the past 2 months and that alone is a great vote of confidence for this place.First of all their chee-gae's are well balanced and very authentic. No matter how many of you are going make sure you order one to share or even have as a meal. The soon dobu (soft tofu) is a favorite for koreans and non koreans alike. I would go with the beef or veggie option instead of the seafood but that's my personal preference.Another major area to consider when judging a korean restaurant is their bahn-chan's which are all the different side dishes. Not only is the quantity important but the quality. Technically the bahn-chan does not include the kimchi's but for the purpose of this review I'll include it. You get approximately 4-5 dishes and each dish will be doubled if you have 4 diners or more. They can be refilled free of charge which provides great value. I would rate this area a 4/5 stars as well. Each time I had a slightly different bahn-chan and this is important because Korean food is all about variety. Every single bite can be a unique combination of flavors. Finally I'd suggest the following dishes: kimchi dumplings, you may want a 2nd plate, Beef Kalbi/Galbi (marinated BBQ'd short ribs), and one of the amazing soups i mentioned above. Say Gahm-sa-haam-nee-da to thank the staff for the good food!
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,3/12/2014,54,92,1,8,7>This little noodle joint was recommended to me by a friend.  She almost lives right across the street from the restaurant.  We arrived at about 6pm on a Monday.  We were the only people in the restaurant with two other tables joining us while we leisurely ate our meal.  The restaurant is newly renovated.  Dark wooden tables, a coconut tree (fake) and a large digital fish tank decorate the interior.  You wait to be seated. Very obviously a family run restaurant.  A family that takes great pride in their space.  The restaurant is bright and meticulously clean, the bathrooms are immaculate.  We were seated by a very lovely lady and given our menus.  She took our drink order.  The menu had a great selection of different Vietnamese dishes. I have a special place in my heart for Beef Sate Pho and was excited to see that they had it on the menu.  Everything is still reasonably priced but a dollar or two more expensive than most noodle joints I have tried.  They have the website, but unfortunately don't have the menu online just yet.  A few minutes later a gentleman came out with an Ipad to take our food order.  You win points with me automatically with me there because I am a HUGE geek!  When the food came out the server wasn't sure which was which, thankfully I have a great nose and could easily identify the aroma of Lemongrass that my husband had ordered.  The server had indicated that the Lemongrass Pho was her favourite and also recommended another dish for our next visit.  Of course the Pho is served with the normal accompaniment of sprouts, peppers and herbs.The other table's food smelled wonderful as well.  There was also a fellow that came in to order take out.The Pho was good.  The Beef Sate had just the right amount of spice for my liking.  It was a good sized bowl, but a little skimpy on the meat.  That wasn't the case with the Lemongrass though - my husband thoroughly enjoyed his meal.  The management is working on getting licensed to be able to have liquor on the menu.  They are hoping to have this any day now. I will be back again for sure, and will update the rating accordingly.  I am also happy to report this restaurant is also fully handicapped accessible!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,3/8/2014,24,223,4,8,5>When we used to live on the south side, this shop was always on my radar. However, it being our pre-wedding, pre-baby era, I never went in. I was always too tempted to buy adorable baby stuff and just horde it away. Not good. However, now that we are expecting the Little Man, and we just happened to be in the area, we decided to stop in. This is my kind of boutique. It's small and quite specialized, and a little on the pricier side, but they have some great stuff. I was particularly impressed with the selection of diaper bags. I've been finding it really hard to find a great looking, functional diaper bag at all, let alone something that's going to work for both me and my husband. They had several in our allotted diaper bag budget that fit the bill. They also had the cuts selection of wooden soother clips. The girl working was very helpful and willing to answer questions while still giving us space to browse on our own, which I appreciate. Some places find it hard to strike that balance. And, if I find they had something I can't get anywhere else, I will definitely kae the trip back to Summerside to pay them a visit. Well done.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,3/7/2014,85,580,3,9,5>I've dined at the Marc a few times now and it just seems to get better with each visit. We had our office holiday party here last year and the service was amazing. The chef and staff were very accommodating and the family-style dinner hit the perfect note.Most recently, I came back for a friend's birthday and again, the Marc did not disappoint. We were on a tight schedule as we needed to catch a show at the Jubilee, and our waitress did her best to accommodate us even while the restaurant became packed with the evening dinner rush. My veal with pumpkin seed and cranberry stuffing was delicious, and my friend seemed to agree as she stole bites from my plate. We would have loved to order dessert but ran out of time.The best part was after we had left the restaurant and were crossing the street to our car, the waitress had run after us in the cold night without a coat, to give us the show tickets we had left behind. Five stars indeed for the Marc! Thank you for the continued exceptional service and dining experience :)
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,3/6/2014,32,92,3,6,4>Because we had meetings right after lunch, we didn't have a beer - but we had a great lunch of Bratwurst though! We both had the special (elk) and enjoyed their soup and especially their potato salad - just needed some blue sky overhead to be the perfect picnic! (Ok and a beer too!)
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,3/5/2014,59,101,4,6,5>hopefully-you-made-out-to-edmontons-second-hawkers-market-last-night-but-if-not-you-can-read-up-on-what-you-missed-herefounder-and-marketing-director-chris-jerome-was-there-making-sure-everybody-had-a-smooth-entrance-the-vancouver-native-hawkers-markets-intention-to-create-a-space-where-vibrant-and-exciting-local-food-can-be-discovered-hawkers-gives-local-food-entrepreneurs-a-place-to-conduct-commerce-rapidly-test-ideas-and-meet-their-customers-face-to-facehosted-at-the-mercer-warehouse-this-was-just-too-convenient-for-joe-and-myself-having-missed-out-on-last-year-i-wasnt-quite-sure-what-id-be-in-for-probably-should-have-read-up-on-last-years-event-and-do-my-research-we-ended-up-going-nearly-half-full-after-a-late-snack-but-i-was-scared-the-food-would-run-outour-first-eats-for-the-night-after-grabbing-edmontons-local-alley-kat-main-squeeze-grapefruit-ale-yum-was-slow-food-edmontons-local-marshmallow-trifecta-from-the-top-clockwise-toothless-dragon-luscious-garden-beet-marshmallow-topped-with-lemon-beet-syrup-honey-badger-fresh-honey-marshmallow-with-toasted-oats-and-a-honey-toffee-crumb-and-wild-thang-a-wild-blueberry-marshmallow-topped-with-a-bruleed-blueberry-delicious-my-favorite-was-the-wild-thang-although-all-the-marshmallows-had-a-pretty-mild-flavor-toppings-were-dressed-to-order-which-was-cute-loved-itnext-we-ate-a-mini-2-pie-from-south-island-pie-co-is-it-bad-that-ive-never-even-heard-of-them-until-this-event-a-traditional-new-zealand-pie-the-chook-had-a-couple-bites-of-chicken-cranberry-and-camembert-cheese-maybe-just-ours-but-i-didnt-taste-the-cranberry-the-dough-was-nice-and-flaky-though-and-held-its-shape-really-nicely-absolutely-loved-this-will-definitely-be-on-the-lookout-for-them-at-the-city-market-this-summer-and-with-seven-different-kinds-of-pie-ive-got-a-lot-of-tasting-to-dolast-eats-for-the-night-was-the-sopes-from-casa-doce-a-food-truck-based-in-sherwood-park-meat-choices-for-the-night-were-the-barbacoa-shredded-beef-steamed-in-what-looked-like-a-type-of-leaf-and-chorizo-the-order-came-with-two-sopes-so-we-did-one-of-each-the-toppings-were-great-my-favorite-being-the-chorizo-rich-in-flavor-and-a-bit-of-the-expected-heat-it-came-loaded-with-lettuce-tomatoes-onions-sour-cream-guacamole-and-cheese-ive-never-had-a-sopes-before-but-from-what-i-understand-the-corn-masa-is-suppose-to-be-thick-enough-to-hold-the-toppings-but-soft-and-pliable-unlike-a-tostada-which-is-fried-into-a-thin-crispy-chip-wasnt-the-biggest-fan-of-the-sopes-base-perhaps-it-wasnt-fried-on-the-exterior-enough-but-we-scooped-up-all-the-toppings-totally-forgot-to-add-more-condiments-that-were-on-the-side-of-the-booth-could-have-made-it-spicierother-booths-at-hawkers-market-but-left-untasted-damn-the-small-stomach-low-and-slow-bbq-who-had-a-nice-display-of-their-menu-items-and-vegan-food-truck-sailin-on-who-i-did-have-a-chance-to-try-when-they-first-popped-up-in-2012-not-photographed-bully-food-truck-who-i-heard-had-the-best-dish-of-the-night-a-gigantic-perogy-and-large-portion-of-ham-drift-food-truck-their-signature-spicy-ketchup-and-fries-making-waves-paper-bag-donuts-mojo-jojo-pickles-and-parts-and-service-food-truck-creole-envie-dropped-out-of-the-event-due-to-unforeseen-circumstances-which-i-was-looking-forward-toit-was-an-awesome-night-with-great-atmosphere-and-local-djs-mixing-in-the-background-it-was-a-pleasure-meeting-diane-and-her-friends-bumped-unexpectedly-into-a-couple-of-my-own-sharing-a-seat-with-mack-and-sharon-and-finally-meeting-jennie-from-yelp
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,3/4/2014,220,814,1,6,4>Lots of drinks, lots of beers on tap, and lots of food - that's what the Canadian Brewhouse is made of. It has one of the most varied menus I have ever seen in a pub, with pizzas, burgers, poutines, mains, and much more, all described with tongue-in-cheek humour. I had the Guinness beef stew pie. It was served in a deep dish with a crust over it, the word Guinness emblazoned onto it. And, a Canadian flag on a toothpick. It's little touches like these that make the Brewhouse stand out. Service was good, and the place is a bit loud - and it was only early on a Friday. I can imagine the place filling up and getting even noisier. So, when I do return, I will come early.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,3/3/2014,32,60,4,6,6>Just found one of the best looking and tasting sushi place in Edmonton. I've been eating sushi in California where is is way more popular than in Edmonton, and i miss the creativity and uniqueness of eating sushi with my eyes first, then with my mouth. The sushi here looks beautiful and delicious. Came here for lunch with my girlfriend, we ordered the Sabu bento box, the california crunch roll, and the rose roll. All of them were great! All the food was beautifully presented and tasteful, fish was very flavorful and rice was nice and soft, some places have hard rice and i just hate that. The service was spot on. Seated immediately, served quickly and with cultural respect of their background. This restaurant is legitimate. Congrats for the owners for doing such a great job.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2013,3/2/2014,19,49,4,5,7>I always find it a little weird going to a breakfast spot and waiting in a ridiculous line at Cora's or Hap's before I can get some food. I've never had to wait at Artisan which is great for when I'm tired and grumpy. The decor is very breakfast restaurant neutral - taupe is in.The wait staff is always nice, the place is clean, and the coffee is drinkable when black. My first stop yielded Pacific Eggs Benedict with smoked salmon and gruyere on croissant, the smoked salmon was alright and an english muffin would've been better than the croissant but it was a good dish. Hashbrowns were crispy and oniony which is a plus since more often than not hashbrowns are just ways to get ketchup into our systems.I'm going to end the review/story with the Mixed Berry Belgian Waffles. They're ridiculously sweet, buttery, and delicious - I'd get them if I were me. The homemade whipped cream is a dream.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,3/1/2014,136,590,2,7,6>I really do like Lazia, I think a lot of people are too harsh when it comes to this place. It's in a great locations, easily accessible by the train and the ambiance is quite refreshing. It's pretty dark, but I think that adds to the mood. I love their happy hour specials - $5 for wine, beer and martinis! I don't think you can go wrong! I think they also have appetizers on special during happy hour as well. The food here is great, I've had it a few times and I've never been disappointed! I will definitely be back!
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,2/28/2014,68,383,2,7,5>No matter the time of year the sight of the Alberta Legislature always makes me stop and take a moment to appreciate it's majestic beauty. You can get free tours through the building from one of the many friendly and informative guides. There is also lots to see and do on the outside of the building including a walk along one of the many paths or a dip in one of the wading pools. If your out walking in winter they do a spectacular job of decorating the grounds making it a festive and romantic place to walk with your special someone.The pools can get a little crowded on the hottest days of summer with hundreds of sweaty Edmontonians and you will encounter the occasional panhandler. They are mostly harmless however and diligent security guards make frequent rounds to maintain peace and order. Minus the few small occasional irritations this is a solid place to spend a fun and relaxing day so grab an iced cream and enjoy!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,2/27/2014,28,18,7,7,6>If you want a burger, you need to stop in!  The Western is my all time favorite with swiss and jalapeno cream cheese!  OMGoodnessGracious!  Prices are great, service is good, but truly are there for the food.  I love the seasoned fries (screw my high blood pressure) and those dips well they are just a nice change up!  Go damn it, go now!
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/6/2014,2/26/2014,36,173,4,6,5>Recently had an interesting experience at this location.  It was the dead of the lunch rush and my BF and I were trying to get into the Highlevel Dinner, but as is the case with any decent restaurant in Edmonton, it was PACKED.  Since we are both not the biggest fans of waiting in cramped lines, it became a game of where can we find parking and/or where can we get in with no wait.  So when we drove past OJs and I said "no line!!" we were sold!It was surprisingly empty, so we chose a spot where we could see the TV - assuming that a pub in Edmonton would play the Oilers hockey game.  Not the case - someone had already requested to watch curling....my dinning partner was quite disappointed!  Our waitress took our drink orders, and the came back shortly thereafter with my BF's drinks and to take our orders.  Since I ordered a coffee and a water I was thinking that maybe the coffee was still brewing?  When the manager (I am assuming) came by with the carafe, she must have noticed the look of bewilderment on my face and she asked me if I needed anything.  She came back quite quickly with my coffee, but I still had to ask our waitress for a water a bit later.  I was actually pretty impressed with my meal, although it was WAY to much food for me.  I had the Salmon Burger, and was pleasantly surprised to find that they used an actual salmon filet and not a processed patty (would you believe the Sawmill serves a processed patty?!?!).  Overall, the experience was fine, despite the grumbles from my partner over his disappointment over not getting to watch the hockey game.  Not a place I would come to wait in line, but certainly a place I would come to again for an OK experience.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,2/25/2014,45,119,,12,7>I drove to the place I've been getting my haircut for the past few years on a Monday afternoon as I was starting to get nasty hockey hair, and it ended up being closed. Disappointed that I would have to have these unsightly locks for another day, I started to drive home when I saw a little sandwich board sign with a barbershop pole and an arrow, which led me to Metro Babershop. I walked in and was immediately hit by the smell of mens cologne. A bit different, since I used to just go to a unisex generic chain. There were posters for Scarface and other mob movies on the wall and a huge selection of car magazines and other manly reading material. The haircut was great and was finished off by the barber cleaning me up with a straight razor - not a full shave just tidying up my sideburns and neck. A nice touch though. He does do full straight razor shaves too, so I'll have to go back for one of those. They strictly do men's hair only.Haircut was only $12.50, which is about $6 less than what I pay elsewhere, so I was happy. I think I'll be a regular!
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,2/24/2014,45,53,4,5,6>Really cool new spot. You can tell they took a lot of time to come up with the menu, decor and cocktail list. The bar side is quite lively and lots of action behind the bar.  Loved the burrata mozzarella from the Mozzerella Bar!  Really interesting take in bringing back some classic appetizers to compliment drinks. Huge beer list..and the custom cocktails are great. Slings, Negronis, old fashioned....done with lots if care. Menu has a bit of everything. Very Alberta style home cooking done in a classy way.  But not to inaccessible. Loved the ribs!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,2/23/2014,164,49,3,8,7>Our primary concern was the safety of our cats, so when we looked into an eco friendly home cleaning service, we found that the list of ingredients in their cleaning supplies met our satisfaction.Two cleaners spent 3 hours in our house, spending their time in two rooms we specifically wanted extra attention to.They delivered.I still find myself saying how clean it is in the house.One unscheduled, last minute, between travels house cleaning and we've decided to keep them on permanently.Wife liked the cookie too.  What a nice touch.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,2/22/2014,13,82,4,9,4>The Spay Clinic is a diamond in the rough when it comes to finding affordable essential care for beloved pets.  The Spay Clinic provides a low cost, high quality solution for having cats and dogs spayed and neutered, as well as several other routine procedures.We recently took our little mini-dachshund to The Spay Clinic for her spay.  Setting up the appointment was easy and well organized.  The clinic called with a reminder the day before to fast the puppy before her surgery which was great.On the morning of the surgery, we dropped our puppy off at 7am, which was a fairly quick process.  She was checked over quickly to ensure she was in good health while we filled out her forms.  We became aware of a few other procedures that could be done while she was under for the spay, including teeth scaling, tooth extractions, ID tattooing or microchipping.  This is great, because you can take advantage of the fact that the dog is already under anesthetic and avoid additional costs for these procedures in the future. We chose to have her spayed, have her 4 baby canines extracted (a common problem with small dogs is that their adult teeth don't push out the baby teeth, leading to the need to extract the baby teeth), and a tattoo.When we returned to pick up the puppy at 4:30, she was happy to see us and although a bit dopey, she seemed in good spirits.  The clinic personnel were very thorough with the discharge instructions which was greatly helpful.Before we left we were also informed of other services available at the clinic, also at low-cost.  These included annual checkups/vaccinations, and teeth scaling.  We will definitely return if possible.  The Spay Clinic provides superb value for the services that they offer.  In total we spent $300 for the spay, extractions, tattoo and pain meds.  Our vet quoted the spay and meds alone at $650.  After some research the choice became so simple.  I'm glad we decided to give the Spay Clinic a try!
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,2/21/2014,51,111,3,7,3>I love this place, the whole concept, and the fact that my little friend can come in the store and safely socialize with friendly pooches of all sizes. And he LOVES the food, absolutely goes nuts for the little chicken cubes. Getting him to eat regular dog food was often a fuss, with a lot of begging and bribing by the humans. And it's true that his GI tract and it's various outputs are much more tolerable, and I noticed he drinks a lot less, which is great for a male dog who likes to mark things. The staff are an odd bunch sometimes, which truly should be no surprise given the concept, but universally they have been friendly and helpful. Only one time I got a bit annoyed when a female staff insisted repeatedly that one large cube makes 12 little ones, which anyone can see is impossible. I knew what she was recommending was too much food for my dog. And she kept saying there was a week's worth of food in one bag, which at 12 cubes a day is also impossible. But whatever, my dog loves the food, it's fun to stop by and it's all in all a neat, unique little Edmonton business. At the risk of sounding like a nutty pet owner, I'm really tempted to book a dog party here, it'd be great silly fun! Maybe I will after I get that pic of the storefront sign with appropriately posed models; the catchy business name is what got my attention in the first place! Smart marketing!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,2/20/2014,21,105,2,5,4>When you have a love for poutine and want your cheese curds fresh and squeaky, this is the best place we have found to buy them in EDM. Fresh every Friday. Is it wrong that between two of us, we polished off two packages in under two days?? We also tried their Beer Cheese, which luckily does not actually contain any beer, it is just salty for goes well as a snack if your having a few beers. I'm not a beer drinker, but I am a stringy cheese lover! The smoked flavoring is a bit strong. I'm going to give the regular a try next round. We may give the restaurant a try some day. They are also often at the Old Strathcona Market on Saturdays.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/5/2013,2/19/2014,42,86,2,9,5>All Happy is best known as the place to go after a wild, drunken night at the bar. They're open till 4am, allowing you to fill your junk food cravings after spending the night dancing and drinking your face off at Knoxville's or Central Social Hall. It's cheap, the food is served within minutes, and it's a delicious alternative to a packed McDonald's drive-thru.However, unlike many of my friends, I also like to eat in Chinatown during the day whilst still moderately sober. I visited All Happy for a dinner with my friend Amanda--my usual date for a Garden Bakery romp--and we were sold. The noodles were as good as the Garden Bakery's used to be and had all of the flavour that its next-door neighbour appears to have lost.Amanda and I are purists when it comes to our Chinatown dinners: we order the same two things each time (but don't worry--as a halfer, I've tried a variety of Cantonese cuisine and a smorgasbord of Mandarin delicacies throughout my life).The Seafood Chow Mein was beautiful. Crispy, fresh noodles served as a bed for a mound of crunchy gai lan, tender scallops, shrimp, carrots, and squid. The sauce, which can turn to jelly if old, left sitting on a counter, or microwaved, had a perfectly thick consistency and was full of savoury seafood flavour.The Beef Chow Fun with Gai Lan--my personal favourite--was so fresh and hot that I burnt my mouth slightly in my haste to devour it. This version of Beef Chow Fun is the 'wet version' (something you should mention if you order it in a restaurant), which differs from the usual 'dry version' that is stir fried in spices. I prefer the sauce on my noodles, which is why I order this version. It's tasty and a nice change from the usual if you're feeling only slightly adventurous. Gai lan is my favourite of all Chinese vegetables; known as 'Chinese broccoli,' it's crunchy and has a distinct flavour similar to kale.I also ordered a Litchi (lychee) Cooler, a refreshingly sweet drink full of litchis, which are great as an impromptu after-dinner dessert.Dinner for two at All Happy came to under $25--a bargain and perfect for those who love a cheap and cheerful Chinatown snack. If you haven't managed to stumble into this restaurant in the wee hours of the morning yet, give it a shot. Maybe even try it during the day. You might just like it.P.S. They deliver! Just make sure to order an hour in advance.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,2/18/2014,34,45,,7,3>I've been here several times, generally for someones birthday as it's a fun night out for a small group. The duelling pianos are on a stage in the center of the room, you can't necessarily see from everywhere as the space is quite long and more narrow. The pianists play for tips, so they try and get the crowd included by taking requests and asking the crowd which song out of the requests that they want next. The interaction keeps a nice energy going around the room.  There is a $10 cover charge, and the drink prices are above average compared to a lot of other clubs, so one of the downfalls is that it's not a cheap night out. The other thing is that there isn't really a dance floor unfortunately, people just gather around the pianos so it can get quite congested and hard to move around.  Other than that though, it's a fun location that can appease a wide variety of people.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,2/17/2014,114,46,,7,2>I have always known Crystal Glass to be very active in the community and I noticed they displayed Habitat For Humanity and Raise The Roof products prominently. I love when a business takes to supporting a charity and the reason I chose Crystal Glass was for the Crystal Kids charity the Edmonton branches invest so much in. This is a pretty old building and is mighty cold inside when you have to wait for a repair in the dead of winter. That being said they do stock a lot of various glass repair parts and accessories that I rarely see in a facility like this. If you are looking for a custom mirror they have a couple to chose from but can make anything you would like if you have a cool idea. But on the plus side the work they did at fixing a chip in our 2 month old vehicle windshield was second to none. The technician was very courteous and went out of his way to make sure it was done in a timely manor. My disappointment was with some of the staff as the one day I showed I was told I would need to wait for an hour or come back the next day at the same time. I chose instead to go back the next day earlier in the morning and was sent right in. I wish he had not said the same time as that was what I thought I had to work around.I have had plenty of opportunity to work with other Crystal Glass locations throughout the years and have become a big supporter of Crystal Kids due to the involvement in car shows. Might I suggest you support when you can? crystalkids.org/about.ht…
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,2/16/2014,158,543,4,8,7>Came to Three Amigos for the first time FINALLY last weekend for a quick date lunch with the hubs.We arrived early for our reservation to find the restaurant empty - no problem.  But I here on evenings you can be turned away.The staff was friendly and the atmosphere was cute and quaint with lots of love and effort put into making you feel like you actually in Mexico.The food was pretty darn good.  You gotta remember that I'm originally from the US so I'm used to darn good Mexican food but this is right up there with the best I've found in Edmonton.They have daily specials for $10 so be sure to ask your server.Lunch came with one complementary basket of homemade tortilla chips and salsa - Mmm... fresh is always good.I had a lime margarita and it, too, was among the best I've had in Edmonton.  The burritos and fajitas were good but could've used more meat.  Everything was fresh tasting.  I would have enjoyed some more salsa options - especially some spicier options!  It's located in a strip mall a bit out of the way - not somewhere you would pass just running around town.  So if you like authentic Mexican, be sure to bookmark this place so you won't lose the address :-)I would definitely make the trip here again!  And I think it would be a fun place to bring friends for a birthday meal out.Check out my pics :-)
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,2/14/2014,292,404,2,12,8>Beer Revolution is the best place in town for craft beer.  What I am most stoked about is that they don't really care to keep boring macrobrews like Stella Artois, Guinness etc. on their menu.  Let's start of with the beer list.  I've been here about 5 times now and I quite like the list.  For the most part though, the breweries they carry seem to be awesome. They rarely have the best beer of each of those breweries, but that's okay. They mix and match it well. Also, the way they display their beer menu, like a flight arrivals/departure screen at an airport, is great.The food is pretty decent but also quite pricey, in my opinion. I don't mind spending that money occasionally, because some of it is really good. The Bavarian pretzels are crazy good and an awesome side order to get. The blistered shishito peppers are divine, especially with the generously shaved dose of parmesan.  These sides are exactly what i'm looking for when I drink beer here. The pizzas are definitely above average. Many people love them a lot, but I still crave a chewier crust with more holes (basically higher temperature baking). Since they are not an exclusive pizza place, I must say that I am happy to order a pizza if I'm busy drinking (note, however, the calories do add up REALLY fast :D). All in all, it's a solid 4 star. Perhaps the best place in town for craft beer, but with expensive food, it's not a chill place to come once or twice a week because you'd be emptying your pockets faster than you'd notice.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2013,2/13/2014,49,120,,7,3>Being an avid gardener, I'd been wanting to visit The Enjoy Centre for the longest time, but I don't get to St. Albert very often, so it took a concerted effort to make my first visit. I recently won passes for the Sturgeon Valley Food and Wine Festival, so Allan G. and I visited for the first time. What a great place! I fully intend on coming back when I have more time to browse, and am husband-less. It's more of an Electric Laini-land kind of place. The festival was in the large open event space, but we also browsed in the kitchenwares store and took a quick run through the grocery market downstairs. Imagine a sort of Planet Organic, with all sorts of exotic products. I'd love to go stock up on interesting cheeses, chocolates, and goodies when I have more time. But I fully expect the prices to be astronomical, simply because of the products themselves and the environment in which they're being bought. Didn't make it to any of the eateries this time, simply because of our destination, but they could definitely use a few more vendors. I was still hungry afterward! Should have gone earlier and stopped in for a snack. :)And I definitely need to come back during the summer when the greenhouses are bursting at the seams. With us hoping to buy a house next year, I'll need plenty of plants to pretty up the garden!
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,2/12/2014,10,53,,4,2>I so wish Edmonton had more places like this. Small, niched, clearly filled with love and pride. Doing something special and making my life here more pleasant. Delicious cookies taste homemade-- soft, chewy, melt-in-your-mouth. They look beautiful, making for adorable ice-cream sandwiches and impressive gifts.  You can purchase cookies in packages, or individually. My favorites are the ginger and double chocolate. Coffee sourced from Spirit Bear. Incredible chai lattees. And a cute space to boot!Not open late enough and closed on Sundays! Probably good for my waist line, but still.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,2/11/2014,49,256,,10,4>Arbitrarily I decided that silversmithing would be my new hobby, so I joined a class at the City Arts Centre this semester. I needed to purchase tools and materials and was told by the instructor that Bedrock was the place to go. The store is well organized, tidy, and quiet, and there are many helpful staff members available. The sales associate who helped me during my visit was extremely nice, as well as patient (I have no idea what I'm doing, and didn't know the answers to several of his questions about the materials I wanted). He spent a lot of time helping me and I ended up purchasing everything I needed for the class (as well as a few extra items that have already come in handy). My one complaint. Silver was pricey. Not any pricier than I expected, but at just under $2/gram it was around 70 cents/gram more expensive than another location in the city (I was informed by classmates who visited the other shop). Anyway, my visit to Bedrock was fruitful, albeit a bit expensive, and I'll definitely be back when I need more tools/materials!
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,2/10/2014,56,221,3,3,2>It really takes alot for me to throw out a 5 star rating, but here is a rare one. This is no lie, that they have the WORLDS BEST beef jerkey. Its that damn good, sure you here that everywhere but here it actually stands. You can purchase whatever amount you want, just give them the total, say$20 worth and they fill the bag on the spot and you walk away happy your addiction will be fed. This beef jerkey is so good Ive heard of stories hiding this jerkey and sneaking to across the border to family members because they've once had the sweet sweet taste. Its so good that one time, I bought $40 worth, which was the last on display but they had more in the back, and a senior had blocked the exit door and told me I had to sell a share of my stock cause he was unaware of the stock in the back.Its that good. I respect them even more because on Saturdays they are only open to 12, cause they have a life too and completely closed Sunday, respecting the notion of family.I highly reccomend this place, its that good, and oh yeah there pepperoni sticks are just as damn good.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,2/9/2014,85,49,1,4,3>I brought my pug who was ill here are 2am on a Tuesday and they immediately took him in and looked at him. They kept him overnight and he was completely normal and back to his old self again the next day.The Vet came out and talked to me and explained everything to me (amazing woman), staff was friendly and very helpful.Only reason it's not a 5/5 is I do think $150 to see the vet at 2am is a tad pricy. But other than that, I was very impressed.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,2/8/2014,8,16,2,5,4>This restaurant is the defining standard of customer service. Others really need to learn from this place!We walked in and they squeezed us in before a reso. Not only were we greeted with a handshake but also a welcoming non-judgmental smile (we weren't dressed in the nicest clothes either). They gave us 1.5 hrs and that was more than enough time to have pasta and tiramisu. But if you are looking for more time and intimacy, book a reso. It was filling up fast after 6 pm.I couldn't believe the prices! Their daily feature pasta is only $10. I had Vongole with Baby Calms in a buttery tomato sauce (linguine instead of penne). My fiance had the salmon/shrimp in white wine cream sauce with linguine. Talk about hitting the nail on the head....the pastas were perfect and completely satisfying. We both polished off the pasta in no time. It was hard to let it just sit there with all those clams and salmon pieces. It was not watered down, little meat BS pasta you get from chain restaurants! The portion was hearty and delicious.Our server was awesome, too. It didn't even matter that she forgot my artichoke hearts. I think it was a ploy to let me try the sauce on it's own anyway. She was super sweet and made sure we were well taken care of during our meal. Poor girl must have felt terrible she forgot my artichokes but she made up for it in checking in on us, having great conversation and making sure our waters were always topped off. Most of their staff said hi to us whenever they walked by or they were always smiling. I got the sense that this place experiences quite a few regulars,too. Servers were hugging customers and greeting so many other people as if they have known them for a while. That is a winning sign for me! Next time I go, I guess I'll be vying for a hug!
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,2/7/2014,135,69,2,8,4>Edmonton's Sunday Farmers Market. The French Quarter Farmers Market is on Rue Marianne Gaboury in La Cité Francophone, across from the Campus Saint Jean (87 st/87ave).Such a beautiful location! We were there on a sunny day and enjoyed nibbling on our purchases, sitting under patio umbrellas while listening to great local bands.This market is both outdoors and indoors (some vendors inside La Cité Francophone). A nice variety of fresh produce (some organic), freshly baked goods (love love love Passion Sucré), locally raised meats, artisan cheeses, handmade handicrafts, etc. and there are some food trucks too.It is a nice little market that offers a lot!I will definitely return over and over, if only to buy Passion Sucré's pastries!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,2/6/2014,69,90,5,8,7>A true Edmonton hidden gem, my ongoing quest of finding good shawarma led me to here. This establishment is half ethnic grocery store half restaurant. As soon as you enter you will notice the oven and fresh baked pita bread. It is mesmerizing just watching the chef baking the bread. When the dough hits the oven, it will expand to a pillow shape and then just by poking the bread, it will transform in to familiar pita bread shape. The taste of fresh bread is amazing, highly recommended (And it is much cheaper compared to grocery store pita bread). Also make sure to try the zaatar crackers, perfect companion for soft cheeses. The shawarma is the real deal (i.e. thin layers of beef stacked on top of each other). I have tried the platter, wrap and the falafel. All of them amazing. I also tried the salad which had a very tasty dressing with sumac. The portion size is big and everything is relatively cheap. Also if you like Ayran (Middle eastern yogurt drink) you can buy it here. Do not miss the various types of dipps, all of them are very good with the fresh pita. If you are on the south side and are looking for a decent good quality meal, I highly recommend it. Nothing fancy, casual family run restaurant.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/13/2014,2/4/2014,353,217,8,4,3>Ahhh, The Pint. I once met a (ridiculously good looking) guy here who was 11 years my senior, and we had a 9-month relationship that never went anywhere. But that's another story.I come to The Pint when I want to feel young. Because all of the truly young people go to Whyte, or legitimate night clubs. I come to The Pint where the median age is probably around 30 on most weekend nights. They play the same songs every time (be prepared for some awful 90's music videos), the people are fun and not sketchy, and the staff here is really nice. There's a dance floor that is mostly filled with middle-aged women, and if you're really lucky, you might find me there too with the rest of my 20-something friends that I dragged out. There's tons of seating, and if you're there for eats, the food isn't half-bad (for pub-food, that is). Pro tip: there are hooks under the bar where you can hang your jacket if you feel trusty.Great place to go out and mingle with a great crowd of great people who are mostly good-looking.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,2/3/2014,24,122,,4,3>Like a number of Edmontonians, I saw Louisiana Purchase on the Food Network and put it on my "must eat" list.  Fast forward seven months, and I was finally able to go eat some fine southern cookin'.  Louisiana Purchase definitely lived up to my expecations, in both food and atmosphere.The restaurant itself is small and cozy, with soft jazz music playing in the background.  We went to eat on a Saturday night at dinner time, and despite not having a reservation, we were seated in under 10 minutes.  The table we were at was small (and a little cramped), but it made sharing food from across our dishes easier.  Our service was quick and our waitress was friendly, helping us pick from the dishes we were wavering over, and suggesting beers to go with the food.  My meal was delicious.  I got the Swampstick as an appetizer, and Louisiana Jambalaya as a main.  The Swampstick was supposed to be a skewer of alligator, but due to a gator shortage (?) they served crocodile.  No complaints here!  The meat was tender and the sauce was a blend of spicy and sweet, it went excellently with the meat.  My jambalaya was just right, tangy without being too spicy.  I got it with the tequila salsa - it had a very strong tequila taste and wasn't too my liking.  I loved our food, and the whole dining experience.  I can't wait to return!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/4/2013,2/2/2014,74,399,1,10,4>I ended up at Bistro India recently because we didn't want to walk an extra four blocks to another restaurant in the blowing, wet snow. I have been here a few times before, but I rarely consider coming here. This place isn't bad at all, but there are a few things that make it only okay.The food here is pretty good. Because this is a South-Indian restaurant, the flavours are a bit different than your typical Indian restaurant, which is refreshing. I've had a variety of the chicken and vegetarian dishes, and while some are very nice, others can be a bit bland and need an extra punch of flavour. The restaurant itself is in a house. (I call it the "cursed" house because so many different businesses have been here over the years.) The layout is kind of awkward, and I have always ended up sitting in a narrow area, so it can feel slightly claustrophobic, although it also has a quirky "grandma's house" charm to it, which is kind of cool. The waitresses I've had are super nice, but not always as attentive as I'd expect. They are, however, very knowledgeable about accommodating for gluten and dairy allergies, which has worked out really well. So while the food is pretty good and the service is not bad, my biggest complaint is the prices and the food portions. The dishes are pretty small, and the prices are pretty high. If they just made the portions bigger or lowered the prices, I'd probably come here pretty regularly. They do have lunch specials, however, and dosa brunch specials. The dosas are fairly delicious and worth a try at least once.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,2/1/2014,16,119,6,8,4>Sometimes a woman has business in a men's underwear shop. Based on past experiences, men seem to not like women in their spaces, but I felt welcome here. I've been searching for a double-edged safety razor for months now. Ladies, they're the best thing to shave your legs with--a close shave with one leaves your legs soft, and it will last longer than anything else you could shave with. Seriously, once you've used one, you'll feel like using a disposable razor of any kind is tantamount to using a dull axe. And once you buy the handle part, the blades themselves are much cheaper than even the cheapest disposable razor, and far more environmentally friendly. And if you're a guy, I've been told that nothing beats the ease and quality of a shave with a safety razor.The man (the owner?) who assisted me didn't bat an eyelash when I said I needed a safety razor for myself. He kindly showed me what he had to offer, with prices ranging from $25 to $75 (with prices based on the metal used--heavier handles have a better drag, resulting in a better shave). He also included some samples of a shaving cream that he said women were coming in to buy for themselves--so I'm not the only one! If you and/or your man is all set on the razor side of things, they also carry every imaginable sort of shaving accessory.So all of you women should chuck your crappy old razors, then run to The Briefing Room and buy a good one. And I gotta say, all the colourful socks and underwear made me wish I were a guy for just a minute.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/9/2013,1/31/2014,187,341,5,6,3>The Black Dog just is what it is. None of the staff are trying to be anything they're not. Sometimes they're nice, sometimes they're average, but if you're acting like a dick they will grab you by the neck and toss you into the street. The beer is cheap and the music is almost always good. There are three levels and they're always all cramped. Different music on each level, so if you're tired of one thing, you don't even have to leave the bar to get a lil taste of something else. The basement is tiny but they have some good nights. I don't necessarily love the Wooftop patio as much as everyone else. It's pretty nice, but it's pretty small and, of course, EVERYBODY wants to be up there in the summer, so there's hardly ever anywhere to sit. Downside - no real dance floor on any of the levels so hard to bust a move if you feel so inclined. Very chill bar where pretty much anyone is welcome. They do what they want and do it well. Great place to go to avoid the rest of the ridiculous bars on Whyte.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,1/30/2014,15,131,2,4,3>I live right by Doan's so it is a regular of ours. They have the best fried rice I have ever had. It is fluffy, sweet, salty, and just delicious. While they don't have the greatest service, they do put a lot of effort into their food.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,1/29/2014,46,142,,6,6>Popped in on a Wednesday right after North 53 opened its doors.  Without reservations,  we found room at the bar.  The decor is a mix of silver, black and wood (teak tables?), very polished and chic.  The chairs at the bar added reflective light, but weren't particularly comfortable.The food is small, very well executed inventive combinations.  I tried the lamb tartar, purple potatoes and apple donut.  These descriptions do not do any justice to what I enjoyed. The highlight for me was dessert, which included a small apple fritter, lemon curd roll dotted with small crisped chips of something I can't recall and a lemon sorbet nested on crisped tapioca.  Every dish was an adventure of taste and texture combinations.  I can't wait to go back.Get reservations, it was shockingly busy for a Wednesday night.  I hope that the very young owner and chef (both are 21) enjoy great success with this remarkable endeavour which celebrates Canadian cuisine.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,1/28/2014,509,247,3,5,5>Loved the service and atmosphere at Jungle Jims. We stopped here for lunch with my 2 grand kids visiting us. Our waitress was Fantastic making sure the kids were served 1st and she looked after every need a kid would have!! Our Grand kids were thrilled.The food was so-so normal pub grub but I did see a lot of interesting cocktails that I would like to try another time.Overall an excellent place to take your kids or just to enjoy a fun time atmosphere. The waitresses here are great and should be applauded for the work they do. Even though the food was average or better, they definitely improved every ones attitude when you leave Jungle Jims. We will return one day! Cheers!!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,1/27/2014,97,490,4,6,5>The Italian Bride Sandwich lives up to the hype - the combination of "Italian prosciutto, roasted red pepper, sun dried tomatoes, sliced Bocconcini, fresh basil drizzled with extra virgin olive oil & balsamic vinaigrette on pretzel baguette" is a classic with the slight twist of the pretzel bun.The sandwich was a bit salty, but that's my only issue - it's still the best sandwich on the West End as far as I know.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,1/26/2014,34,170,1,4,2>Absolutely incredible food!While I prefer other restaurants for the cook-at-your-table Korean BBQ experience, this one has some incredible Korean food.We enjoy the Bulgogi and the fried chicken -- though make sure you order the fried chicken with the sauce on it... it's SO much better!
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,1/25/2014,50,288,1,6,3>Heaven thy name is Cally's Teas. I'm not sure why I've never been in here before. I love tea. Cally's Teas has tea (to buy or to enjoy inside). I love local. Cally's is local. I love tea sets and gifts and adorable knick knacks and yup Cally's has that too. They also have baked goods, a free sample of their weekly tea (which this week was a pineapple coconut tea that was delicious, and a really cozy and inviting atmosphere.Oh I know why I have been to Cally's before, because if I went here on any regular basis I would be poor(er) than I am right now. I would literally buy everything in the store. All the teas, all the furniture, all the tea sets, all of it. So it is probably a good thing that I have to drive half an hour from where I live to go to Cally's Teas.Metered parking, if you can find it, is available on the street (Cally's is on Whyte, but in the quieter east end). It wasn't at all busy when I was there so I had my pick of the tables and chairs (window spot..oh yeah). The girl working was nice. Oh and they had this tea that I love, but could never remember the name of (lapsang souchong - it's a delicious smoky flavoured black tea).I'm already looking forward to my next visit.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,1/24/2014,40,145,,7,3>Like another reviewer mentioned, this place was quite difficult to find due to lack of sign-age. Situated in the same establishment as Bi Bim Baap, it's quite easy to miss Kenko but if you're finally looking for a change of scenery from the same old same old Edmonton Japanese offerings, look no further.Unlike the Korean accented décor of their immediate neighbor, Kenko has a particular charm that you would find warm and inviting. Different paper lanterns adorn the ceiling with a variety of different heights displaying the creativity and thought behind designing the open space. I liked the fact that the walls had moulding mounted halfway along the walls. Initially, you would question why would they would mix the Japanese theme with a touch of Victorian influence but it actually adds to the uniqueness of the establishment.To my surprise, there was one waitress running the floor for the ten plus tables which is insane. Since both restaurants most likely share one kitchen, the food came out at a more disjointed pace. Disappointed but understandable given the lack of staff.The miso soup was servied first and then the tuna and beef tataki. To my dismay, the miso soup was a too salty compared to most served in the city.The tuna tataki was delectable with a ponzu sauce that is ever so subtle. It's a good balance of savory and a hint of spice that is paired well with the shredded vegetable (I should really ask what vegetable this is, anyone know?).The beef tataki was impressively sliced with incredible consistency. My friend pointed out a meat slicer probably was the guilty party but full marks for presentation: each slice was uniformly placed on the plate in a beautiful blossom of flavor.The rest of our dishes were a flury of rolls: master, spicy salmon, catepillar, love love, and individual sushi pieces.The taste of the rolls were well thought of with the occaision of flavor confusion. I wasn't sure what some of the rolls were going for as too much was happening in my mouth. One thing to note though is the presentation. Absolutely beautiful plating skills with colorful drizzling of the sauce.Besides the exotic ice cream and tempura banana dessert, I ended off the main course with tamago sushi which is a sweet egg omelette on rice. The egg was a little too cold and tasted uninspiring. However, this was my first experience with tamago and I will most definitely compare it to other places to see how it stacks up.Price-wise, a little on the expensive side but considering how much we ordered split five ways, I could have scaled back on how much to order. Each person ended up paying about sixty dollars for meals and two bottles of sake.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/1/2013,1/23/2014,142,114,3,4,3>My family loves going out for Dim Sum... It's a great sunday morning breakfast.  Lately we have been going to Beijing Beijing because it is less expensive than other dim sum restaurants in the same part of town.  We have started to notice a trend though... the foods comes around very slowly.  I like to get a variety of items at dim sum, but at Beijing Beijing the spring rolls and friend rice will pass you 4-6 times before you see any different items.  We learned to order off the menu by flagging down one of the waiters.  the frustrating thing then if that we finally figured out how to order off the menu, we ordered 4 items to tide us over until the next round of carts come by and then can you guess what was on the next round of carts?  It was the 4 items we ordered!  I swear they cook one thing at a time and won't cook anymore until its sold out.  Don't get me wrong, the food is great, but in my experience dim sum is all about variety, and this place lacks it.  the highlights are the deep fried squid and the price (cheapest dim sum I've had in Edmonton: $14 per person)
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,1/22/2014,4,44,4,5,3>Normally I eat in but this time I tried take out. Ordered online, I got a time to arrive for pick up, and it took a full half hour to find my order when I arrived. Can only assume they just started making it when I got there.The fact that the butter chicken is so incredibly amazing makes up for this.I dream of that butter chicken. I wake up at night in a panic because I don't have that butter chicken! Well not quite, but almost. It's really to die for.And the take out containers are super convenient for travel, unlike the messy disaster you usually end up taking home from other places. I'll be picking up more soon, no doubt.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2013,1/20/2014,31,124,1,4,4>I love Lux! The space seems a touch on the small side, but that's probably because it's crammed full of wonderful stuff!It's a great local option to the beauty superstores and they have most things I love. Butter London, Farmhouse Fresh and Stila are all staples that I pick up at Lux.And the staff are all amazing! Always there to help with any questions and concerns (and are more than happy to point my husband In the right direction when he's gift buying).
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,1/19/2014,27,31,4,6,5>In the days of Da Capo, I thought I was a fan, but then Rosso opened up in its place, and I changed my mind. 5 Stars, my friends!My first visit was for a lunch with my grandpa and uncle, and upon walking in the door, you could already tell this would be different. Marble countertops on the bar, reclaimed wooden tabletops, and this big, beautiful REAL pizza oven in the back. We all ordered different beer on tap, and trying each of them was great, though the Edelweiss stole my heart right away. I split an arugula salad and the special "lobster" pizza (with corn, greens and freshly made fior-de-latte mozzarella and a light lemon butter sauce), and it was everything a pizza should be - light, crispy crust, just enough sauce for flavour but not soaking the damn thing, and fresh, delicious toppings. We should have ordered two pizzas, it was phenomenal.I recently had the chance to come back for Yelp's Red Hot Rosso Nights Elite Event, and was even more blown away by the food than I already had been. Huge charcuterie platters, locally-made organic hot Italian sausage with rapini, and pizza after pizza after pizza, alongside Prosecco and my beloved Edelweiss. And the GELATO. Heaven.I was especially impressed with the owner - as we sat there (politely) stuffing our faces, he came around to ensure that we were all satisfied with the food, giving us some background on all of the ingredients, and as I raved about the sausage (which he told us also came on one of their pizzas that wasn't served), I jokingly gave him a hard time about teasing us with the delicious sausage pizza and he offered to go back and make me one for my own! A wonderfully engaging man, and I promised him we would be back to try it another night (because I'd foolishly filled up on charcuterie. For shame!).Move over Famoso, Rosso's the place for pizza.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,1/18/2014,31,151,2,4,2>As someone who loves to eat and cook and likes to eat just about everything, I am surprisingly unfamiliar with Korean cuisine. I definitely like it though and was pleased to recently discover Lee House. Three of us split 4 dishes (thanks Kris B. for posting pics of the menu!): a half order of Korean fried chicken, Yuk Gae Jang (shredded beef brisket with rice vermicelli and red chili broth), Jjam Bbong (spicy red chili noodle soup with shrimp, mussels, squid and veggies), and Jae Yuk Bokkeum (wok-tossed pork belly with vegetables and spicy chili dry sauce). Little dishes of bean sprouts, daikon, and kimchi were set out shortly after we placed our order - yum! It took longer than I thought it would for our food to come out, but when you taste it you can tell that it's because everything is made from scratch. The Korean fried chicken was pretty good, cooked perfectly and bone-in (the best!). Just enough sweet-tangy sauce with the chicken still staying crunchy. The Yuk Gae Jang is a small bowl, perfect for a single serving, and it came with swirls of egg (like in hot & sour soup), nice chunks of green onion that added freshness to the dish, and a few slices of fresh shiitakes. Not too spicy but please note that I can handle quite a bit of spice. The Jjam Bbong comes in a massive bowl with lots of what I assume are white-flour noodles (not unlike udon noodles), squid rings, decent-sized shrimp, mussels on the shell, and loads of fresh shredded cabbage that has been slightly cooked by the hot broth. I do wish there had been more broth though - there were so many noodles! If you had only ordered this one dish, I would say it would serve 2-4 people. I found it to be about as spicy as the Yuk Gae Jang. I really liked the Jae Yuk Bokkeum. Of all the dishes I found this one to be the spiciest, but not so overwhelming that you can't taste anything else. This came out on an oval plate and is basically slices of pork belly that have been stir fried with shredded cabbage. The "dry" sauce just means that it's not a liquidy sauce - the meat and veggies had a light glaze of oil and spices on them. Especially delicious with a bowl of steamed rice (we had two bowls - I can't remember if these came with some of the dishes or if we ordered them separately). Kind of an expensive meal but there were plenty of leftovers. It's definitely good to come as a group so you can share and try lots of different things. I will definitely be back.Note: try not to wear white as slurping noodles and eating the saucy chicken gets quite messy...
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2013,1/17/2014,187,427,4,6,5>Went here on a Friday night to catch their hip hop DJs mix it up. I believe this is a theme every second Friday. Loved the atmosphere! It was dark, candle-lit and felt like I was at some wealthy individual's house. The DJ was awesome! I am a fan of hip hop and was pleased to hear stuff being played that I never though would ever be played in a club in Edmonton. For example, Kendrick Lemar! Great tunes were played all night, all hip hop, old school, new school,  double tempo, bump and grind, you name it!There seem to be a disproportionate amount of (...hmmm what's the word ...douchebags? ... no that's not nice ... go more politically correct) colorful and excitable gentlemen the night we attended. But then again what club/bar doesn't have it's share.Had a great time and would definitely go back again!
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,1/16/2014,34,76,5,7,8>One of my favourite things to do is browse the meat aisle at the local grocery store and snicker at the pale looking offerings that I used to buy. Then I go over to Acme, and the meats in their display case all have a much more vivid and fresh looking colour. You know without tasting it which one is going to be better. Since I started going to Acme a couple years ago, I've really come to appreciate what getting to know your butcher can do for you. Corey and the rest of the staff are always ready to help answer any questions about what cuts are best for what type of preparation, and can custom cut to your own specs. Want 1" steaks? No problem. Like them thicker? That's easy peasy too. I like that you can pick up a few other essentials while you're there, like Prairie Mill bread, Brazillian Ice soapstone grilling stones, and an array of seasoned salts and spices. So does it cost more than your big box store meat department? Yes, it does, but you're also getting a better product, far superior service, and the knowledge that you're supporting a top quality young family that is an asset to the community. If that costs a few bucks more I'm ok with that.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,1/15/2014,14,108,5,3,2>I am excited to tell you about how the Fantasyland Hotel helped me solve a problem that I have been struggling with.I was looking for a hotel where I could act out my favourite scene of my favourite episode of the TV show 'Rome' with a certain level of authenticity. It's not easy to find an establishment with a bigass jacuzzi, statues, a round king-sized canopy bed, Roman column pillars, and free wifi. The Fantasyland came through for me with their Roman Theme room on the 11th floor.I've only seen the first episode of 'Rome' so by default, it's my favourite. And yes, I'm referring to the bath scene.They provide a small bottle of bubble bath for the jacuzzi. Don't do what we did, which was to pour the whole bottle in. The jets in the tub keep cranking out more and more bubbles which overflow onto the carpet making their way to the door. Me and my jacuzzi partner (who is also my wife) had to keep grabbing armloads of suds and blowing them towards the back of the tub so our neighbours wouldn't think we were running a laundromat. It looked like we were building an igloo.The theme rooms are fun but expensive. We took advantage of a limited time promotion called "Fall Into Fantasy" which consists of a theme room with a bottle of wine and an in-room movie for $198. We weren't the only festive couple that took advantage of this deal. We were awakened at 2:30 in the morning by our upstairs neighbours who were very . . . enthusiastic about their time together. At least the woman was; the guy wasn't making any noise at all.So yeah, the walls are kind of hollow there.The security is a bit lacking in the hotel too. Since it is attached to the mall anyone can gain access to the hallways from the first and second floors of WEM until 9 PM. After this time the hotel elevators require you to swipe a room card to gain access to the upper floors.I would only rent the theme rooms when they are running a special deal. They are normally pricey and not worth the extra cash.If the lady that stayed in the room above us is reading this - I'm glad you had a good time too.Now if I can only find a hotel to let me re-enact my favourite 'Battlestar Galactica' episode . . .
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,1/14/2014,11,73,2,4,2>I had first stumbled upon La Shish Taouk from ordering the Vegetarian Platter from Wedodelivery.ca. I got hooked on how yummy the eggplant and garlic potatoes are! My fiance always gets their chicken platter, which comes with rice. Yesterday was my first time eating at this little express restaurant. I brought my future mother-in-law here; she's vegetarian while I'm not a strict vegetarian. We both ordered their pita wraps; I had Zaatar while she had Labneh. Everything is very well-seasoned with olive oil, very healthy as well as being very delicious. The platter portions are very generous too. You HAVE TO try their tabbouleh salad.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,1/13/2014,25,260,3,4,2>Numchok Wilai, where have you been all my life? This is an awesome place to go if your craving Thai food. Went here on a late Thursday evening and both of us were starving. Place has a nice Thai-style décor to it but man, when we first walked in, the place was hot! Also, there were only a couple of tables occupied...which I thought was pretty surprising. Anyways, for the food, like I said, we were starved so we ordered a couple of dishes to share:- 2x coconut rice ($2 each) - nice and fragrant. Coconut rice was da bomb.- Pad thai ($14) - noodle with shrimp, chicken, egg, bean sprout, green onion and crushed peanuts in a separate tiny side bowl with a lime on the side. Super tasty, slightly on the sweeter side for what I've had pad thai-wise.- Stir fried eggplant ($11) - awesome delicious. Make sure you order this dish! I'm a big fan of eggplant and these were perfectly coked.  Came with garlic, carrot, red pepper and basil leaves.- Green curry chicken ($14) - came with bamboo shoots, green and red peppers and basil leaves. Green curry is my fav and this one was excellent. Nice bit of heat to it (maybe it was slightly more spicy than I thought - that's what my friend said) and perfect compliment to go with the rice.I can't stress how good Numchok Wilai is! The front of the restaurant is very deceiving (meaning you'll pass it without even noticing if your not on the lookout for it). And did I mention how fast our food came out? Not even 10 minutes and everything came out piping hot and all at once.  Wish I worked nearby so I could get their super cheap lunch deals! GO GO GO. Good talk.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/27/2013,1/12/2014,36,27,2,4,4>When here to grab a quick lunch. It was very quick so if you are in a hurry great place. I thought I was getting a pretty healthy lunch until I read the nutritional guide. I ordered the Buffalo Chicken Pita with veggies. When you think Buffalo chicken you think it might be battered but it wasn't thats why I went with it. Just the hot sauce to make it buffalloy... This simple pita packed as much calories as a Big Mac, didn't expect that.. but at least I ate veggies which is more healthier. I would probably come back for a quick lunch again someday.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,1/11/2014,33,66,3,3,4>Teriyaki Corner is one of my absolute favourite restaurants in Edmonton and led to the discovery that I actually do enjoy sushi! If you choose to eat in, you can sit at one of the tables with a swinging bench, but if you take-out, the boxes are sturdy and the food is just as good...so good in fact, that we had take-out from here for my birthday!We can't get enough of the crazy roll and I love the variety of the bento boxes.Their menu has a large selection and also boasts bubble tea! It's a popular place (even with two other locations) so call ahead for take-out to avoid a long wait! Otherwise, have a seat and enjoy the swing.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/27/2013,1/10/2014,32,106,,7,2>When I heard that Mamenche's served Salvadorean food in the same vein as El Rancho, my curiosity was piqued. When I learned that its new location was even closer to downtown than El Rancho, I was (nearly) sold. "Hold your horses," I said to myself. "You can't just give yourself over to every pupusa shop you meet. You should probably try it before deciding this is your new home."I've visited twice in the last week, and have been pleasantly surprised both times. Both times I ordered pupusas and chicken tacos.The service is great. Both waitresses were attentive, and the food came out fast. It was cool to be able to see/hear the pupusas being slapped around in the kitchen! Another aspect of the service that I liked is that they accept plastic, not just cash.The ambiance is very cafeteria-like. Ceiling tiles and fluorescent lights don't make for an intimate or romantic atmosphere, but that really doesn't matter to me when I'm in the mood for delicious Latin food. The pupusas are delicious at Mamenche's. They are well-stuffed if a little bit under seasoned, to my taste. However, the salsa, pickled cabbage and the upon-request homemade hot sauce spice them up very nicely. I preferred the pork and cheese variation to the bean and cheese, or spinach and cheese version. The pork variation simply had more flavour, but a bit more spice would go a long way to improving these.Their chicken tacos (which were one of the specials during both visits) are also delicious. The filling was flavourful, and they were topped with a massive, creamy avocado slice, tomatoes, onions and cilantro. I added hot sauce and some of the leftover pickled cabbage from the appetizer - and this made them even better. Although there are only 2 tacos, the tortilla is thicker than the ones used at El Rancho or Tres Carnales. I'm actually not sure how I feel about the thicker tortillas - I may prefer the thinner ones. However, the dish was very tasty and fresh, and the only thing more stuffed than the tacos themselves was my belly upon leaving Mamenches. Prices here were reasonable. Pupusas were between $3.00-3.75 each, depending on the filling you chose, and the tacos were $7.50 an order. This place won't break your budget!I look forward to exploring more of Mamenche's Salvadorean delights (empanadas, moles, etc.) and have absolutely added them to my regular rotation, although I do prefer Acajutla's and El Rancho's offerings.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,1/9/2014,34,85,,9,4>This review is a year in the making. I first came to Novelle back in August 2012 to start my search for a wedding dress for my September 2013 wedding. I was relatively new to Edmonton so I had to do some research on reputable bridal stores. I visited a couple of bridal stores and was either not impressed with their service or their selection of dresses didn't suit my taste. I didn't find my dress at Novelle until my second or third visit but after I couldn't stop thinking about it I realized it was the one. I worked primarily with Diana throughout my experience at Novelle and she was nothing but lovely. She was warm, kind and patient, and did a wonderful job with narrowing down dresses and offering helpful opinions on flattering styles. Novelle may not have the biggest dress inventory compared to other stores in Edmonton, but the quality and selection of styles are absolutely beautiful and you can tell careful thought was put into each one that was purchased for the store. They carry brands including Watters Wtoo (my dress designer), San Patrick, Theia, Allure, Paloma Blanca, Nicole Miller, and Tara Keely. I was also initially drawn to visiting Novelle during my initial search for a dress because they were the only bridal retailer (that I was aware of at the time) that carried Ivy and Aster.  I ordered my dress in January and it arrived before the end of May, a few weeks before the estimated arrival. Bonus! I also ended up doing my alterations with them with their in-house seamstress Melody. Doing your dress alterations with Novelle is completely optional, but as I didn't have to get too much done to my dress it was more convenient for me to stick with them. Their prices were comparable to other seamstresses I received quotes from, but I would still recommend getting quotes from outside sources to compare prices. My dress was primarily lace and I was anxious about alterations, but Melody did a fantastic job. Between picking up my dress and getting my first round of alterations done, Novelle moved up the street to a bigger location. The store is beautiful! I almost wish I had my dress shopping experience there. Their new space is a definite upgrade in terms of room for more inventory, fitting rooms, and natural lighting. They also have a beautiful veil and jewellery collection, as well as many chic bridesmaid dresses to choose from. My entire experience with Novelle was wonderful and I couldn't be more happy with them.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,1/8/2014,35,101,2,6,5>I don't drink wine, but I do cook with it.  Normally, a trip to my local booze factory is enough to suffice, but every now and then, I discover the need to branch out a little.Such was the case that led me to Vines.  I needed a specific type of wine for a culinary experiment, and since Vines came highly recommended, I decided to check it out.  The staff were extremely helpful, and assisted me in locating the wine-I-had-never-heard-of.  The dish I was cooking turned out great, too.;)
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,1/7/2014,38,17,3,7,4>One of the best Asian restaurants in Edmonton for sure.Individual small hot pot for everyone and over a dozen of soup base options for every craving and taste buds.  It's really the experience when you go to Asian Express.Given that it's "Asian hot pot" - expect to cook your own food.  I always like to joke that it's like "fondue - Asian style" to my friends trying it for the first time.Fortunately, the ingredients are always fresh.  Some of their signature 'dishes' and our favorites are the seafood and meat mashes.  Other than that, your usual sliced meat selections, veggies, fish balls, etc. are all on the menu.Note: the "Fat Lamb" soup base does NOT have lamb in it.  It's just a direct (word for word) translation of a famous broth from China.Reservations are highly recommended!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,1/6/2014,115,132,,6,3>I have only had the chance to visit the observatory but that was enough for me to fall in love with this place. The outdoor location with 3-4 large telescopes really makes the world of astronomy personal. Bringing planets, stars and moons so close that you can really appreciate the beauty of their existence. Although the observatory officially closes at 10pm the staff really seem to enjoy their jobs and will stay long afterwards if there are curious amateur astronomers there to listen to their every word. It was a clear night and we were lucky enough to have a crystal clear view of saturn and it's rings. But the real star was the full Harvest moon. Appearing low over the horizon it filled the lens of the telescope. So close you could see every crater and almost watch it move through the view of the scope. You can even get some shots of it through the lens on your smart phone. I don't recall ever seeing the moon this up close and personal. All this was provided for free so you really can't get much better!
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,1/5/2014,53,55,,6,4>As far as "Proper Burger Joints" this is it. The atmosphere and friendly, the staff are courteous and timely. It get's pretty busy around lunch and is a great place to go for an evening meal as well. All of there food is made on site , even the pickles! Today for lunch 3 of us started with the Mac 'n Cheese Balls, and they were most yummy! crispy on the outside and soft and cheesy on the inside. Then my one friend had the Dante Burger... Very hot, but tasty enough he had to keep eating! My other buddy had The Turkey burger, which smelled fantastic and actually looked like a proper burger... He said was one of the best ever. And lastly, I had a The Burg... Mouthwatering! I enjoyed ever bite. It is a masterful blend of flavours that I could eat every day! I can't wait to go back!
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,1/4/2014,82,54,2,5,3>Great donair! Toasting the pita with the Greek spice is a unique spin. Only complaint was no cucumber for the chicken souvlaki but that's a pretty minor quibble. Closes at 7pm and location is somewhat awkward. Would clean up if was near Whyte or Jasper. Will be back to sample the Gyros and maybe bring a vegetarian friend along to sample the very well regarded falafel.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,1/3/2014,65,170,2,4,3>Mmmm...hummus.  Or as my toddler says, "Yummus!"  I am convinced that my son's appreciation for this delightful Mediterranean dip is because he's used to the good stuff from Happy Camel.  We go through at least a tub of hummus a week, sometimes more.  But only if it's Happy Camel hummus.  If we go for a variety from the grocery store, it will take much longer to finish it off since it's just not as tasty.  Even at 20 months, he knows the good stuff, the quality "yummus".  And the good stuff is what Happy Camel provides.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2013,1/2/2014,38,68,,5,3>Went back to the salon again today for my second cut with another stylist and again had another great experience. Vicky took the time to ask me what I like and dislike about my hair, what I like about my cut and what I want. I showed her the picture of my last cut and she cut it exactly like I wanted it. She showed me how to style it and what products to use for dry, dehydrated hair, as apparently mine is. Two times satisfied means I'll be back!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,1/1/2014,24,223,,3,2>Perfection. That's the only word I can use to describe the floral arrangements for our wedding. When we went for our preview evening on May 30, and I couldn't believe how amazing everything looked. They were able to incorporate the Adventure Time figures I made for the boutonnières perfectly, and even my toss bouquet was almost too gorgeous to throw away. Janine and her entire team went beyond our expectations, and they will be at the top of my list for any floral needs in the future.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,12/31/2013,20,40,,3,2>Community theatre is a great way to spend your evening. Get together go out for a light dinner (not to heavy and you don't want to end up napping during the show). Then sitting in a small and cozy atmosphere, watching a group of local actors and actresses who are there because they want to be, they like to entertain and are having fun with what they are doing.Don't expect the acting to be Broadway quality, have fun with what happens on the stage, enjoy the story and don't criticize the performance. Enjoy your self, give your brain a relaxing entertaining evening.The Varscona is one of a couple locations in the same neighbourhood that gives you an opportunity to be entertained. They will keep me coming back for the affordable entertainment and for a little bit of culture change. The big screen never has personal touches that can be enjoyed at a theatre like the Varscona.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2013,12/30/2013,40,61,3,5,3>There comes a moment of great distress for any gamer, yea, a time of deepest sorrow.  This would be of course, when ones console decides to fail in most spectacular fashion.  After mid-terms, I came home, and lo, my most beloved ps3 had just such a fate in store for me.  Being a student, I didn't have the $300 I'd need for a replacement.But then I heard of Video Game Repairs, and they were a god-send.  I was initially hesitant - it's not in the greatest area of town, and I hadn't heard of them before.  But they were really friendly, and told me not only could they fix my console, but they could do it same day - in an hour flat, for $80.  It's clear these guys love what they do, and their knowledge was impressive to the point of formidable.  They were true to their word, and apparently they cover pretty much all consoles.  Now it's running perfectly again.  If your Super Nintendo craps out on you - there is hope! And it doesn't involve a replacement system.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,12/29/2013,21,40,,3,3>This is a great spot to hit up when you're in the mall and hunger strikes and you need something quick. The subs are tasty, flavourful and fresher than most of the food court offerings. As Vietnamese subs go, TC Sandwiches makes some of the best I have had. The price point is reasonable  at approximately $5.50 for a sub, and there are various filling options to choose from.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,12/28/2013,41,34,,3,2>Oh, Heritage Dream Tea House - how long have you been here and how did I only just find you? I always visit your WEM location and here you are, practically in my backyard! This location trumps WEM hands down, it has ample seating and a beautiful wrap around wall mural that makes you feel as though you are drinking you bubble tea in the middle of some exotic beach island locale. Most importantly, the bubble tea! My Dream tea made with skim milk came out as good, if not better than at the West Ed location. It was definitely faster and the combination of fruit flavours was perfectly mixed. The tapioca pearls were perfectly chewy and the lychee jelly was soo good, perfection in a cup!I only regret that I am moving to Summerside in a few weeks, making this location, albeit still close, not right in my stomping grounds. Heritage Dream Tea House, I wish we had become aquatinted sooner!
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,12/27/2013,32,92,,2,3>Gave T, our super sexy server, the power to choose what I'd have for lunch - and she put The Karate Kid in front of me - pulled pork, Asian style...  glad she took control so perfectly! She also suggested the Alley Kat grapefruit seasonal, which was perfect for a summer day on a patio! Emily had the halibut wrap - also super yummy and again, perfect for summer - light yet tasty!
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,12/26/2013,35,96,,3,3>Another successful Record Store Day (April 20th).  It's obvious to see why this store attracts such a huge line on this day (which is like my xmas and birthday roll into one).  They have all the best limited release items and with the full staff on tap to help out, everyone can get through the store in a timely fashion.  Also, they do the little extras to make this special day so special - coffee and snacks on hand, draws and give-aways.  It is impossible for me to walk past Blackbyrd without stopping in whenever I'm on Whyte (which is often) on a normal day - even if just to see if anything new has arrived - but on the biggest day for small record stores, these guys go all out and and that effort is what makes them no. 1 in Edmonton.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,12/25/2013,19,49,,3,3>Dan Shing Restaurant hasn't changed the look of its dining room in at least 15 years, the retro wood framing looks the some as it did when I was a kid and that's probably a good thing since it means they clean it, right?I went on a strangely busy night in the middle of the week, there was one waitress there running the whole restaurant and what looked like 50 customers or 12 tables. I couldn't blame her for not being a frequent visitor to the table or being quick with bringing things to the table.As a kid, I didn't remember the food being very good but this trip around, it was nice. The soup dumplings and noodles were fantastic - the shrimp inside were cooked perfectly so they popped instead of smushed. The beef pho and curry shrimp were good as well despite not being "Chinese" cuisine.The prices were on good side of Chinese food. There's nothing special about any of the restaurants that line up on Stony Plain Rd but Dan Shing is the best of the bunch. I could be fooled though, maybe the table-side hot chilli oil that I went a little overboard with blinded my tastebuds.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2013,12/24/2013,32,60,4,8,5>What a lovely little sushi restaurant. Was a great place to grab lunch on a cold day, the miso soup was very comforting. It was fairly busy around the noon lunch hour but I was seated within 2 minutes. I just wanted something simple so I ordered the sushi bento box with beef, the serving for their beef stir fry was large, also given a bowl of rice, the nigiri was tasteful, they kept it at a room temperature. Service was fast , would like to come back and try the rolls .
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/8/2013,12/23/2013,41,217,,4,3>Ordered a cheese pizza with five toppings, all meat. Fair, no complaints, except it arrived past 4 PM whereas we were settled in by 3 PM. The server could not explain clearly what The Bucket was, specifically if the five rums were blended or separate. Avoid, it's just a bucket of ice and juice from a box. The beer sampler was terrible as well.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,12/22/2013,136,590,,3,2>Definitely one of the better Venues to hold an event in Edmonton. The shaw is one of my personal favourites when it comes to banquets. It's elegant and classy and the staff are very professional. Easy access via the LRT makes it attractive although the price tag can be a little steep. Overall though I'd say its worth it. When it comes to planning an event if you are hosting a dinner they waive the rental fee. I've been very impressed with the shaw in the past and will continue to attend and host events there.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,12/20/2013,68,383,2,2,5>I just came home from my 2013 trip to Candy Cane Lane and feel compelled to share my thoughts. Yes not everybody decorates but I think people need to take into account the tremendous pressure those who live in this neighborhood are under when it comes to paying for the electricity bill as well as the decorations. Yes it used to be more elaborate years ago but economic times have changed as well as the city no longer subsidizes the electricity cost for participants like they did in the past. The creativity was still out in full force with giant stockings filled with presents on one persons lawn as well as Yoda and Darth Vader dressed in Santa suits out on the lawn of a different home. There was also a man dressed up as Santa walking up and down the route handing out candy canes to children which I think takes alot of heart considering the cold snap we are currently dealing with.Whether its a huge lit up winter scene or just a few lights put up on someones home these people deserve our respect for their dedication to the festive season as well as helping out the good folks over at the food bank.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,12/19/2013,27,21,3,5,4>Veggie Garden is my favorite place to eat in Edmonton.  There, I said it.  I love this place so much that I learned how to say "37,38, 39" in Vietnamese as a novelty to Ky and Luong when I order (for the record, those are great order suggestions).  The food is hot and delicious, the atmosphere is relaxed, and the people are great.  Another plus is that the food is RIDICULOUSLY inexpensive, and that makes for a promised full belly upon leaving.  I've tried a lot of the menu, and the only thing I haven't loved was the lemon chicken- but that's just because I don't like sweets much.  Get the hot and crispy salty tofu, it's unreal.  Now I want Veggie Garden for dinner.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,12/18/2013,12,59,2,8,4>I'm hesitant to add to all the good reviews in case I can't get an appointment in the future in light of it!Long story short: great atmosphere, happy with the cut, happy with the service, happy with the puppy kisses from a staffers dog!Short story long:The salon is in kind of a run down part of Whyte Ave, which had me concerned. However, when you go up the stairs and into the salon, it's like a whole new world...really!My first and only experience going was very positive. My stylist listened  to exactly what I said my problem areas were (dryness, cowlick, volume), what I wanted done (bangs and layers with picture provided for reference), and what kind of product I was looking for. I walked out of there with my hair looking as close to the picture I provided as possible and very pleased with how it was styled (usually I leave salons looking like a soccer mom - nothing against soccer moms....but I mean like in MY mom's day ;-).Conversation was both personal and professional and I felt very comfortable telling the stylist what I wanted and what I did and did not like. Overall, I'll be back. I'm definitely a fan and I RARELY have ever said that about any salon in Edmonton.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,12/17/2013,36,173,5,8,4>Get your wallets ready folks because this amazingly delicious seafood is going to cost you.  For 2 crabs legs (as long as my arms), 2 king crabs halves (I guess that's what they would be), and a package of 7 giant scallops, we paid about $110 - actually a little less than we expected but still!  Since the bf footed the bill on this one, it was TOTALLY worth it to me!!  The food was delicious and there was more than we could even handle!!  You will not be disappointed with the quality here!  Cooking supper for your SO for the first time and you really want to impress???  Pick up some seafood at Fin's and (assuming you have the skills to prepare it properly; thank goodness for me my bf is such a great cook!!) I am positive you won't be disappointed!!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,12/16/2013,94,253,,4,3>I had one heck of a time finding this place - not helped by my unfamiliarity with St Albert in general and Jack's absence of an outside sign. (Though I am told that the latter will be up soon)As far as burgers are concerned, these are quite good. Nice amount of charring on the outside but juicy on the inside. I tried the Cobb, which had blue cheese sauce, bacon, and tomato relish, and my friend tried the BBQ Crunch. We both agreed that the BBQ Crunch was better. It actually had barbecue chips on top and orange soda barbecue sauce, which itself was quite mild and not overly sweet. I would have replaced the cheese slice with a piece of real cheddar, but the slice worked in this guise. The Cobb, though the patty itself was properly cooked, was a bit bland. I expected a real hit of blue cheese, but it was mild to the point of being nearly undetectable. The tomato relish needed to be more than just tomato cut in cubes (large cubes at that). I found the bun was a bit too big for its contents as well.We also tried a creamsicle milkshake and an order of fries. I loved the milkshake; it tasted just like orange creamsicles, which were a favourite childhood treat of mine. The fries were tasty as well - crisp on the outside, mealy on the inside - and came with an agreeable garlic mayo dip.Jack's is off to a good start and I wouldn't think twice about trying it again next time I'm in St Albert.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,12/15/2013,45,119,2,5,4>Saturdays just aren't the same when I don't start them off with tasty maple bacon from Victoria Sausage. It's the reason I keep coming back time and time again. I've also bought their frozen burgers a number of times and will again in the future. They are great if I feel like just throwing something on the barbecue. So much better than the frozen burgers you find in the chain grocery stores. I've also had their pre-made chicken souvlaki which was seasoned to perfection.On Thursdays and Fridays, they have pulled pork sandwiches for $5. You won't be disappointed! The staff are all very friendly and helpful, which is an added bonus. It's fairly common to overhear people coming in and asking for 'the regular'
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,12/14/2013,13,82,1,6,2>When I called "Little Bobby Pin" as they now lovingly refer to Bobby Pin Hair Salon and found out that Renee wasn't there, I nearly lost my mind.  Luckily, the person on the other end of the line quickly informed me that Renee had moved on to open up Bobby Pin Hair Lounge.  Phew.  No need to panic!I quickly made an appointment at the new Bobby Pin Hair Lounge, and when I arrived  I was pleasantly surprised to find out how much bigger, brighter and trendier the Lounge is!  The space is large and open, with huge glass windows looking out onto the street.  Despite these changes, the service at Bobby Pin Hair Lounge remains on par with that of the Salon.  The only thing missing is Coco the dog!I'm happy to see that Bobby Pin is expanding, including offering more services.  I was informed that they'll be offering mani/pedis (including shellac polish), eyelash extensions, and more.  I really hope that the Bobby Pin Hair Lounge is a success.  Everyone is hard working, fun and really know their trades.  Congratulations on your new location, Bobby Pin!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,12/12/2013,42,86,2,7,5>I adore D'Arcy's Meat Market. Their cuts are absolutely amazing and, to make things better, they source everything from local farmers! I've had excellent sirloin, sausages, and skirt steak from D'Arcy's and can't wait to go again. The skirt steak was unbelievable - tender, flavourful, and oh-so-good!!The owner, Kyle, is a really nice guy and is extremely passionate about his business and about local produce. I've had the chance to interview him for my blog and he's definitely got the right idea in terms of eating right and supporting local!If all you ever eat is Save On/Costco/Safeway/Superstore meat, branch out and give this place a try. Chances are you'll never want mass market meat again.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,12/11/2013,34,45,3,4,2>It's got a large waiting area current magazines a free coffee/latte machine & video games.. Apparently we pay them well! The space is really fresh and modern with loads of seating, so even when it's busy there's a place to sit without feeling like your on top of another patient. They have a fingerprint check in system which I could see how some kids would find really cool, plus they have a draw done a few times a year with great prizes, as well as a points system for keeping up with your check in card.  They tend to be really good at staying on time, there isn't generally too long of a wait which is good for timing appointments. The last time we were there because it was summer, they had ice cream treats !  The progress in my son's orthodontic treatment is going well, they know their stuff, so although it's incredibly expensive, it'll be worth it for the health and appearance of his teeth for years to come.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,12/10/2013,17,26,,4,2>I used to work on Whyte Avenue just around the corner from Off Whyte Floral and our business used their services for every occasion. Kristi the owner truly has a gift for taking your concept (no matter how poorly described) and transforming it into just the arrangement you want within your price point. Since then I have changed jobs a few times but I have never changed my florist.As an Administrative Assistant I am constantly responsible for sending flowers to clients as well as executives and Kristi is the only one that I will trust with my, and my companies image. I have had to order flowers for some of the toughest critics and Kristi's shop has always blow them away. Imagine having to order flowers for someone who does not like the smell of flowers but still wants something that looks beautiful and is a Vice President. I have ordered everything from a $50.00 arrangement to a $500.00 arrangement and each time it arrives perfect in every way. I especially appreciate her delivery service as I have found it the most reliable in the city thus far. I have called in on a Friday a half hour before the same day delivery deadline and she has been able to accommodate my order with out any qualms.She not only excels at the arrangements but she also is great for adding the personal touches that make receiving flowers truly special. I always get irked when I receive flowers that don't have a personally written message card and instead is printed on a tear out generic slip of paper that looks like it was printed off at Staples. She never forgets my receipt and it always arrives in a tastefully written card that is discreetly packed with the order if it is in office or she will mail me my original or scan me a copy. This takes a lot of the headache out of claiming expenses since it goes onto a corporate card.I hope she continues to serve the Edmonton area until I retire as I don't know what I would do without her and her shop.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/12/2013,12/9/2013,21,65,4,8,3>"G-ime?  What's a g-ime?... Oh a G-IME"-  Homer SimpsonThe Terwillegar Rec Center is only a few blocks from my house so it is my de facto gym.  I have been going there for a few years, largely for convenience, but have mixed feelings about the facility.Pros:1. The range of facilities is extensive and impressive. It has swimming pools, hockey rinks, gymnasium, multi purpose rooms, cardio area, machines, and free weights.2. Some of the staff seem pretty friendly. 3.  New equipment.4.  Fitness area is kept pretty clean.  Staff do a good job tidying up after some of the members, who don't seem to know how to read numbers based on the placements of the dumbbells.5.  The hot tub and steam room offer a great opportunity to do some poolside creeping.6.  The cardio area is very good.Cons:1. The change room is shiite as has been noted by others.  It's like a 1980s change room. There is an inadequate number of free (bring your own lock) lockers.  The shower facilities are inadequate for the user volume and tend to get dirty quickly, especially in the winter.  I can't recall waiting to use a shower at any other gym.  Some of the clientele seem to take their time under the tap.  This isn't prison; hurry up and get out.Also, the hallway leading to the men's, women's, and family change rooms is not large enough.  It becomes seriously bunged up during the winter months with children putting on their hats and boots while their parents watch (although I'm not sure why they don't just do this in the family change room?).  I nearly step on a child everytime I go; maybe I am stepping on children and I'm not even aware of it.2. The gym is too busy during weekday evenings.3. Way too many machines and not enough free weights.  Also the free weight area is too small relative to the area devoted to machines.  Have a look next time you're at this facility and you will notice that the machines are almost all open, but the free weights are too busy and with good reason- machines are useless.4.  Using admission wristbands is not an environmentally sound practice.  Just put in a turnstile system or watch and make sure that everyone scans.  Another note on the wristbands:  I wore the paper ones for awhile but on a few occasions developed a pretty serious skin reaction when I began sweating.  I suspect that the adhesive used has some potential allergens.  I now request a plastic wristband everytime I go, which has become a hassle.6.  The parking lot design is bizarre, and people must walk a long distance to the facility on occasion.  There seems to be an absurd number of handicap spaces (I know it's a code issue and that I'm going to get flamed for saying this).7. Some advertising has started to creep into the fitness area.  Isn't this a public facility? Is advertising unhealthy foods inside of a gym a productive idea?
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,12/7/2013,158,543,2,3,4>I came to Alley Kat Brewery for the first time this week to attend their Fall Launch Party and boy oh boy was it a treat!I saw many familiar faces from previous events Alley Kat had served at including the fabulous Kristin :-)  What's not to love about my beer name doppleganger who also loves kats and wears kat prints?  MeOwSeRs!!!I digress...Alley Kat was warm and inviting from the moment we arrived at 5PM.  They had freshly made soft pretzels on hand along with cheese and meat nibbles to compliment the launch.Now, let's get to the good stuff... The BEER!Hubby and I were on cloud 9 that our favourite Alley Kat Beer - Freshly Squeezed (with real grapefruit) was still on tap and EVEN BETTER they had 4 packs of it for sale!  Our local liquor store only had it in a combo pack but this was like finding a giant bag of your favourite one of a kind Jelly Belly Flavours - Yes, kids... Freshly Squeezed is that good!  ( And Yay!  It keeps getting better!  Just checked out their webiste:  AlleyKatBeer.com and noted: The Summer Squeeze Grapefriut Ale has taken Alberta beer drinkers by storm. You've been enjoying it so much that it is here to stay. Our Summer Squeeze has become our Main Squeeze. With the inclusion of Grapefruit into our core line up we will be discontinuing the seasonal six pack. )The launch party was held to feature their fall releases:Alley Kat's Dragon SeriesAlley Kat brews their Double IPA Dragon Series for hop fans. A new single hopped Double IPA will be released every two months using a different hop variety and sold under a different color of dragon.Current Dragon: Maroon Dragon                                                                                Release date: October 1st                                                                                                          Hop Variety: CentennialAlley Kat is back on the Dragon train with Maroon Dragon DIPA. This Centennial hopped double IPA has floral and citrus aroma with notes of light malt and loads of citrus hop. Brewed in limited quantities so get yours before its all gone!I will admit that I'm usually a wine and girly girly drinker so the Maroon Dragon was completely out of my league.  But my fellow drinkers assured me that it was an excellent man's beer  - SUPER HOPPY!  Do you think they will release an Easter Bunny Hop?  Bahahaha!  Okay, I'll stop ;-)And my favourite of their Fall Releases:Alley Kat's Big Bottle SeriesAs a way of celebrating great tasting beer, Alley Kat's own Big Bottle series is a toast to all brewmasters and lovers of ale, alike. Cheers, and drink up!Current Big Bottle: Pumpkin Pie Spiced AleRelease Date: Sept 2, 2013September marks the return of Alley Kat's Pumpkin Pie Ale.  This delicious full-bodied beer is infused with pumpkin, ginger and cinnamon.  Pumpkin Pie Spiced Ale is like the Fall season personified!And the big bottle packaging is cute and the perfect accompaniment to bring to your Thanksgiving dinner next week!  So go snag a few bottles and treat the Beer Lovers in your life to a fabulous limited edition treat!While at the Launch Party we got to partake in a fabulous Brewery tour where I learned that Alley Kat is the oldest microbrewery in Alberta at the tender age of 19 and the 4th oldest Brewery in Alberta.  They use recycled bottles boys and girls... That's right, feel good and green when you support your local Kat!  Alley Kat also recycles it's spent grains into cattle feed and does their best to use all local and West Coast ingredients! Yay Alley Kat!  You've got a friend in me :-)  I can't wait to see what will be re-released for Christmas or what new creation you will come up with?  Perhaps a Holly Hops?  PS - Bring Back CRINGER (Cranberry Ginger)!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,12/6/2013,292,404,,5,7>My first experience at RGE RD, two weeks after they had opened, was exceptional. Everything they make do is intertwined with a steadfast goal of sticking with local themes. The devil is in the details. When they serve freshly picked Nanking cherries to adorn your cheese and meat plate comprising of Albertan as well as other famous Canadian cheeses, and local Albertan meat based rillettes and cures, you know that they're totally nerding out on this local stuff. Now, apart from adhering to local ingredients and being obsessed with all things Albertan, the food is prepared masterfully and the flavours are subtle and balanced. Nothing over the top. I loved my seared Alberta whitefish. It was obviously very flaky, but more importantly, the freshly picked greens and the subtle green salsa-like sauce made for a delicious execution. Further, hot sauce sitting in a pipette like contraption was served on the side, to allow the guest to temper the spice the way they liked. The ambience is beautiful. Rustic meets minimalism. Artistry meets functionality. Excellently imagined and executed. The cocktails menu looked decent but we stuck to champagne (which I didn't pay for :D). I can't wait to return to RGE RD, especially after they've been churning out dinners for a few more months. Want it to all settle down in there. Finally, a special mention of how cool the cob oven is. They use wood, 100%, to heat the oven. Finish most of their dishes in the oven and sometimes prepare entrees completely in it. Again, rustic meets elegant. Farm meets table.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,12/4/2013,135,69,,4,2>Normand's restaurant has been part of the Jasper Avenue restaurant scene since before there was even such a thing. It was the only restaurant on the west end of Jasper ave. Fabulous cuisine!  My husband and I were strolling along down 99 street after visiting the AGA and were delighted to stumble upon Normand's Bistro. After years of owning one popular location, Normand decided to add a second more casual one. Hubs and I both ordered the Maple Vanilla Bean Crème Brûlée off their new dessert menu.It was a palate pleaser! A beautifully brûlée sugar crust topped a rich vanilla bean cream with a light soupçon of maple. Perfectly balanced so as to not be over powering.I highly recommend Normand's Bistro in the Citadel Theatre.What a perfect ending to a perfect evening!
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,12/3/2013,69,90,4,6,5>From time to time Edmonton manages to surprise me with a hidden gem. For sure Sofra is one of those restaurants. We were a group of 8 and we had our own dining table in a private room which was a fantastic arrangement for a large group. The restaurant has a warm ambiance and it almost feels like dining at home. Everything on the menu from desert to bread is cooked by the chef. We started the meal by stuffed apricots and a trio of dips and fresh baked pita bread. All of them were perfect and taste of spicy date dip and stuffed apricot was truly unique. The bread was also excellent. As the main dish my wife and I shared the rack of lamb and lamb loin dishes. Both cooked to perfection. The lamb was excellent and the spices and herbs that was used to cook the lamb made it taste authentic. We finished the meal with Turkish coffee and house made Baklava. For sure a grand finale. Do not miss the Baklava. The restaurant is on the pricey side but it totally worth it. I will defiantly go back there.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,12/2/2013,56,221,,3,2>This is my number one stop for unique gifts. They can cost a little more, as does everything on Whyte, but its totally worth it when someone opens their gift and is like " " Wow where did you get that "? The gifts range from just born to the elder, they really have alot. its also a great store to just browse around and look at all the unique things. There is such a large inventory here you are sure to find what you are looking for. Every time I go for a walk on Whyte Im sure to stop in the Tin Box and will in the future.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,12/1/2013,9,9,2,3,1>Laurel's is a great flower shop on Whyte Ave. Last time I went in to pick up some flowers for the opening night of my girlfriend's play, and the girl working there--Cindy--was very helpful.The prices at Laurel's are quite reasonable, especially when you consider that they're paying rent in one of the most expensive buildings on Whyte Ave. I was actually surprised at how low the prices were compared to some other local flower shops that I've been too.My only suggestion for improvement is the selection: perhaps it was because it was their slow season, but the selection was a bit more limited than what I'm used to. I'm sure during busy periods like Mother's Day and Valentines though they have lots of flowers to choose from, but when I went in the selection was more limited.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,11/30/2013,2,11,,2,2>Colour Blind carries a fairly eclectic selection of clothes.  It's dominated by pricey brands such as Ben Sherman, Scotch and Soda, G-Star, and Gsus, but it nonetheless manages to maintain a very personal vibe.  The selections from these brands are impeccable.  Most pieces are understated, with an emphasis on textures, unique colours, and vintage-inspired pieces.  That itself is quite impressive for a store which carries so much G-Star.  It's hard to regret a purchase because there aren't that many poor quality or kitschy items to pick from in the first place.The atmosphere of the store is also pleasing.  It's rare for a store to have a relaxing atmosphere, but Colour Blind does.  Store music is played at a fairly low volume, and it is mostly mellow music.  The salespeople are usually unintrusive and polite enough to make an attempt at genuine conversation before asking to help you with clothes.  They look genuinely relaxed and content on the job, which always helps.The clothes themselves are quite expensive, but for a small store, they compare evenly or even favourably to large online retailers which sell the same items.  This includes the official G-Star, Scotch, Ben Sherman web stores.  There isn't any of the 'local markup' that one finds on Whyte Avenue fashion retailers.  Markdowns are not stingy, and they sometimes have special mailing-list-only sales or student discounts if you ask around. It's hard to feel ripped off because although the price points are not low, it's often cheaper to buy here than from a brand's official store or website.It's often the small details which really create the shopping experience, and Colour Blind gets the little things right.  No loud music, harsh lighting, or obnoxious employees.  The clothing is a matter of taste, but it's hard to be disappointed in the wearability or quality of anything you buy there.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/24/2013,11/29/2013,41,524,,2,2>Looking for a Vietnamese food to be served fast and hot? This is your place.  We arrived at 1PM for lunch and found the restaurant had about 6 tables occupied.  We were pointed to an available table along the wall and close to the washroom.  They brought a pot of tea to our table and I asked for a couple glasses of water which we got quick too.It took a few minutes of going through the menu before we decided on what we wanted.  In that time, 2 different servers came to ask if we were ready to order.  I informed them we needed more time and I didn't really feel rushed.  We both ordered the regular sized pho for $9 (the large was $11).  Before our soup arrived, they brought our bean sprouts and 2 lemon wedges.  I was hoping for basil and lime but not here.  Our meals came out about 5 minutes later.  The broth was flavourful and hot.  There was a decent amount of noodles and beef which left me feeling full. We asked for the bill and it was brought promptly to the table.  I brought it up with the cash and received no acknowledgement.  But when we were leaving, the staff said bye.Ok food and service.  Would likely be back to have a vermicelli bowl for $11.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,11/28/2013,5,6,2,4,3>Every time I step into Avenue Clothing, I find something in there that I like.  Last month I walked in, just to take a look around, and ended up buying a cocktail dress I totally didn't need; but there's always a wedding or a party to wear a cute dress to, right?  I find the majority of their clothes to have a bit more of a business look to them, which isn't really my style, but they are nice, good quality clothes. For me, it's everything else in there that keeps me coming back.  They have sunglasses, scarves, clutches, and a pleasant selection of jewelry and accessories.  Back in March I went to a friend's wedding in Bali (see, I told you, there's always a wedding!) and found a bandeau for only $10 and a bracelet for $7.   I really like the layout of the store, the wooden floors, the open concept, the ease of walking around, the mirrors in the change rooms, and the kind staff that have greeted me when I walk in.If you're on Whyte Avenue anyway, and you happen to walk by it, it's a store worth checking out.  I mean, I bet you have a wedding to go to soon, don't you?
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,11/27/2013,10,54,,2,2>I really enjoyed coming here. My boyfriend and I wanted supper and an Oilers game, and we ended up here. It was my first time (but not his) so I had no idea what to expect. If you come in here realizing that this is a pool hall, you will not leave disappointed. No, the food is not gourmet, no the decor is not trendy. It's a pool hall people. And I love it for that! Big screens all around to watch the game, a ridiculous amount of pool tables and two snooker tables.the food was tasty.After our meal we played pool (duh) and it was a lot of fun. The tables aren't coin operated- you pay based on the amount of time you play. The bathrooms have been recently renovated and are really nice!Overall I had a good night here!
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,11/26/2013,114,46,,3,3>Thai Together has been a great place for my Bride and I to dine at. I have noticed over the 2 years of attending this restaurant the prices have risen substantially. It does not reflect any better service or extra menu items, not even extra portion sizes. I understand there is a cost of doing business, but I tend to think they are banking on more new people coming because it is great food. I hope it works out for them but it has managed to tone our frequent visits back a few notches.The upside is, you will be well taken care of and the food is quite enjoyable. Try the Curry Grouper....it is spectacular!
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,11/25/2013,74,399,,3,2>In one of my favourite sketchy, yet charming parts of town is the second Syphay location. Compared to the original location, this one is newly renovated, roomier, and a very nice contemporary place to dine. The food tastes equally as amazing. My favourites? The tofu yellow curry and the pad thai. The prices are like most Thai restaurants, but some dishes, especially noodles dishes like the pad thai, are significantly larger. The staff is super friendly, and they are very good with working around food allergies. Definitely recommended!
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,11/24/2013,15,131,,4,3>This tiny place is really great for breakfast. I like the fact that they put a lot of effort into providing rich comfortable vegetarian food. I always get the huevos rancheros. It is filling, full of flavour, and perfect for a hangover. Don't forget to get a cup of coffee! It is really amazing.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,11/23/2013,97,490,,4,3>The Manor is the more upscale offering from the folks who own/run Urban Diner. And it's actually their original establishment, but  the most up-to-date. Like Violino next door, it is located in an old house.The restaurant brought on a new chef, Alex Sneazwell,  last year who appears to have gained enough confidence to take risks and make the menu his own while still including some favourites from the old menu, such as the Nasi Goreng. The highlights of the new menu do not appear on the restaurant's website, which needs to be updated.I've admittedly never dined here in a traditional style. I've only come here for drinks from their fantastic cocktail list, but the menu and specials have seduced me. The cocktails are expertly crafted and the bartender will concoct you a custom cocktail if you provide your server with your desired flavour profile.One time, Aditya R. and I shared an order of Squab, complete with a number of fantastic accompaniments (I remember Morels and Chanterelles, but not much else). The squab was perfectly cooked - very juicy and full of flavor, but not too gamy. This was the special of the night.I was less impressed with the Panna Cotta for dessert - it wasn't smooth enough, and too gelatinous texturally. And the flavours of the balsamic-coated Strawberries were too understated. But they were trying, and that's what counts.The Manor has a new, well-executed, and adventurous menu. The cocktails are divine, and they always play great music later on in the night.One turn off may be that this purports to be a casual bistro, but the food and the prices are more on the order of special occasion. Perhaps the "casual bistro" moniker intends to make the restaurant appear to be warm and inviting, rather than stuffy.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,11/22/2013,509,247,,3,3>I recently purchased a boat trailer from Europa Canopy & Marine. I selected the trailer I wanted through a phone call with Europa during the week and came on Saturday to purchase the unit. They had everything ready to go, had a map for me for the nearest Motor Vehicle Branch to get my trailer licence plate and modified changes on I requested for the trailer. Every thing was so organized which made for a quick and simplified transaction.These guys are on the ball at their shop and the price was very reasonable for the trailer. I will keep these guys in mind for any future purchases or repairs I may need.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,11/21/2013,187,341,5,5,5>Normally I wouldn't get overly excited about a Pita Pit, but this one is above Red Star, where I go often, and I just found out it's open until 4am!!! I always get hungry late at night and always guiltily end up going to the late night places in Chinatown, but now I don't have to. This is definitely a healthier option that I don't feel guilty about the next day. Or immediately. Shared a six inch with a friend and it was about $6.50. The weird thing was that we ordered a chicken souvlaki and the person making it put the chicken on, and then asked me which veggies and sauce I wanted on it.... Doesn't that sort of negate the point of having specific types of wraps? I just thought that was sort of funny. Like, I specifically had to ask for tzatziki. Staff were pretty nice and didn't look like they hated their lives, which is a bonus at a late night fast food joint.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,11/20/2013,50,288,,3,3>I came here one day before going to the fringe to try the milk cap tea I had heard about. This is the only authentic Taiwanese tea shop in Edmonton (and the first in Canada as the sign outside claims). The milk cap tea is a cold drink of green tea topped with a salty cheese foam and sprinkled with matcha powder. It comes in two sizes a regular for $5 or a huge one for $7. I got the regular.Survey says the drink wasn't at all what I expected. The salty cheese foam is much saltier than even I expected, and quite different from the milk foam you might be used to on your lattes. To be honest I didn't really care for that part of the drink, but I loved the rest of cold green tea, which was light and not bitter. I think sometimes it can be easy to try something and then give it up if you don't like it, but then I started reading about how to drink the milk cap tea, and apparently I did it wrong. Your supposed to take a big enough gulp so the cheese foam on top mixes with green tea underneath (alternatively you can stir them both together). So the next day I went back and ordered another milk cap tea, and this time I made sure to mix the foam with the green tea. That made a huge different, and once I got the salty foam with the flavour of the lighter green tea I began to really enjoy the drink. On my second visit I also ordered two of the Taiwanese pancakes (custard flavour), which were amazingly warm and sweet and delicious. The pancakes took several minutes, but they were well worth the wait. The Gama Store has a small bit of seating near the back (the front part is like an actual store  and the cafe is at the back). It took a bit for me to get used to the milk cap tea flavor, but if you're like me and tried it wrong the first time go back and give it another go. If the milk cap tea still isn't your thing then the pancakes are well worth the trip (there are both sweet and savoury flavors). I'm really glad I gave the Gama Store a second change, because now I have another tea drink I can enjoy. I don't go to Whyte Ave very often, but I think the Gama store will definitely be worthy of future visits.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2013,11/19/2013,6,10,2,8,7>I have tired Indian food in Edmonton, and yes there are a few good ones too. But Spice grill. Now this is what Indian street food is all about. No you don't want to expect comfy chairs and fancy interiors. Don't expect variety and don't expect westernized Indian dishes. But if you want cheap, tasty, spicy mouth watering yummylicious Indian North Indian food, you got to try this one. If I had to describe this place, I would say it remids me of my college canteens, roadside dhabas and cheap dates. Now how long has it been since you NRIs have had a taste of something like that. As for my Canadian friends if you have 10 bucks in your pocket, dressed in shorts and on an empty stomach, this would be your place to go. I had their chole bhature and the guy nailed the taste in chole. I am talking about that authentic taste I had been missing for years. You have a new fan spice grill. Yes you do.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,11/18/2013,4,44,3,5,3>I can't think of a better place to go on a date, I can't BELIEVE I waited so long to eat here!Last night they seated us in our own little room with a little corner booth and right on the table there's a heating element to cook your food. The fabulous waitress Michelle mixed our Green Goddess Cheddar fondue to start in a little pot. I assumed the flaw with this method would be that the pot would always be either too cold or gradually become too hot over the night, but it was always the perfect temperature for what we were cooking. There was enough bread and grannysmith apples with the first of four courses to fill you up alone. Then out comes the salad, we both had the house salad which was divine. Try the Peach Street Tea for alcohol.Then you pick a broth to cook your main course in. Maybe this is why I haven't visited previously. I can't cook. I don't want to cook. I don't want to be any good at cooking. Let someone else cook my meal if I'm going out. But she made it so simple even I could do it. She instructed us on how long to put each one of our many meats in the broth, and which one of the dipping sauces was good for what. Probably be the first and last time I ever make steak and lobster in my life, and it was DELICIOUS.Finally, chocolate with all kinds of fruit. I would come back here just for the chocolate. The next time I'm here I'll be ordering every chocolate fondue on the menu.There was a TON of food. Make sure you're hungry when you arrive. Expect to be here a long time, it take at least two hours to go through four courses. Service was flawless, food was fabulous, decor was fanastic, it was romantic as hell.  Loved it.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,11/17/2013,6,37,1,5,2>A friend of mine suggested we go to Upper Crust for a late dinner and a couple of drinks on a Thursday night. Our group of 6 met up around 7. I was kinda worried as it wasn't very busy and their was only a couple other tables with customers but my concerns quickly disappeared.   I asked my friends what they recommend and they said, "anything,' so I went for the Rainbow trout. My expectations were low as it was priced at only $12. Wow, was I surprised! It was fantastic. The portion size was moderate, but it tasted great. Everyone at the table enjoyed their meal without a complaint. The interior was also quit nice and the service was prompt and polite. Our group never made it out for drinks, but it didn't matter. We all enjoyed an excellent meal for under $15 an entree. Upper Crust is one of Edmonton's best Cafe's. The food is great, there is a great ambiance and its independent. If you are looking for a place to meet friends, go on a first date or just relax, try the Upper Crust. Hopefully you will be pleasantly surprised like I was.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,11/16/2013,4,79,,3,2>As a child I had a very bad head injured, years went by keep adding on the problems and become over dose of pain :)!Years back, I had an extensive bad experience at one of the Chiropractic clinic, therefore when my friend refereed me to see Dr. Marc, I was much hesitated at first but now I am glad I had made the decision to go ahead for his care.After 6 months of treatment my whole body is better, (I still have pain and the  Dr. is not god :) at the meantime he is treating my TMJ, (after the Orthodontist results was not very pleasant outcome).My fist visited , I made myself a 2 years commitment for him to treat me ,  under this case  I may be free of pain less than the time I was planning to see him .I can't wait until the day I am pain free !:)
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,11/15/2013,7,22,4,10,2>I had taken my cat to The Spay Clinic and now took my great dane puppy. Both times they have been, professional, kind, and seem to really understand the funny relationship between people and their pets (My pup refused to go in so I had to carry the 70 lb gangly baby through the double doors and it wasn't graceful but it was funny). I would highly recommend The Spay Clinic. I wish I knew about it with my older dane but will be using their services for future cats and dogs.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,11/14/2013,234,110,4,4,6>My brother insisted we drive across the city for the 'Best Sandwich Ever'. A bold statement, no? 30 minutes later, we're outside a shop that I would have never noticed.Calling it understated is an understatement. Swiss 2 GO is by far the most delectable sandwich shop in Edmonton. Period. Here's what makes it the cats pj's:*Traditional Swiss food like you've never had it before...unless you're lucky enough to have spent time in Switzerland. *These gourmet sandwiches are made on pretzel baguettes. 'Nuff said. *Fresh, fresh, fresh. Everything is made in house. The bread, the pastries... for the love of Gad, even the BUTTER is made in house! *The owner is there, always working her buns off (no pun intended)! She's incredibly friendly, appreciative of all who walk in, and genuinely passionate about what she does. *Oh sweet baby Jesus... the SOUP!!!! It doesn't matter what the soup of the day is on any particular day, just do yourself a favour and buy some. *Make sure you finish off your Swiss culinary adventure with some pant-busting dessert. Again, all made in house and deliciously creamy and decadent. Ditch the diet for a day and indulge in Swiss 2 GO. This place is a M-U-S-T. ~ Eat In, Take Out & Catering ~**Located directly across from West Edmonton Mall near the entrance to the roller coaster. The shop is right next to a liquor store.**
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,11/13/2013,17,66,2,3,2>Everything in this store is gluten free. The white bread is the best tasting gluten free bread I've ever had. Often  Gluten-free products are lacking taste or have an off taste. They are 5.00 a loaf but worth it if looking for taste. They also have many goodies like jelly rolls, cakes and cinnamon twists. Their products are better than any of the gluten free products found in the regular supermarket.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2013,11/12/2013,3,22,2,3,2>A wonderful little gem of a restaurant with wonderful decor and excellent food. My husband and I arrived and started with drinks - gin and tonic for me, a single malt scotch for him - and given plenty of time to settle into our seats and enjoy our drinks before ordering. We both ordered appetizers (Thai salad and charcuterie) and main courses (stuffed chicken and duck). They were paced perfectly. We had lots of time to enjoy our appetizers before our mains and wine arrived. The pace was unhurried and we had time to thoroughly enjoy our food, drink, and conversation. Dessert was wonderful, with a selection of about seven or eight desserts to choose from. I couldn't finish mine, but they kindly packed it up for me to take home. This is definitely one our new favourite places in the trendy 124 St. Area!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,11/11/2013,27,31,4,6,5>If the time comes where I should be eating my last meal on earth, bring me a pork belly sandwich from Drift (hold the mayo... oh hell, if I'm about to die anyway, leave it on so I can taste it before the anaphylaxis hits).This has certainly been a spectacular summer for food trucks in Edmonton, and when Avenue Magazine voted Drift as the 2013 Best Food Truck, that was some high praise. And then when they called the Pork Belly Sandwich one of the Top 25 Things to Eat in Edmonton, that was just the cherry on top of the overwhelming amount of love that Drift has received from Edmontonians since they rolled into downtown.EVERY WORD OF IT IS TRUE. All of it. I've never walked by this truck without trying something, and loving every tasty, flavour-filled bite of whatever I ordered. The fries have exactly the right amount of spice and crispy-ness. The sandwiches are never over-dressed with the toppings. No sauce or marinade on the meat has ever tasted like something was missing or like I should add salt or pepper or sriracha (and I like a healthy dose of that on everything), and all of it is served with a smile and the best service from some of the nicest people you'll meet in the food industry.They're usually on 107 Street just south of Jasper Ave at lunch times, but with the construction going on downtown, we've lately been finding them one block over at 108 Street, affectionately known and Food Truck Alley.I love food trucks, and Drift is DEFINITELY one of the best.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,11/10/2013,187,427,9,8,6>I'll tell you what I like about Simons ... variety. This is not a boring retail establishment. Inside you can pay 60$ for an ugly sweater with a roaring tiger on the front that looks like it was drawn by a junior high student or you can pick up an impressive $1,500 suit. At times you can overpay for styles you'd find cheaper elsewhere, but inside you'll find occasional sales and well priced items that you thought were more expensive. It's zig and zag, it's salt and pepper and that's why I keep coming back!It's weird to say this but I absolutely love the men's underwear, ties and socks options. The selection is immense and really appeals to me. In fact, that's all I think I've ever purchased here save a blazer.At worst coming here is an hour of retail entertainment!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,11/9/2013,34,76,,2,2>Last night I attended a Yelp event at Rosso, so I got my first opportunity to check the place out. The interior is has had a bit of a facelift recently from what I understand, and it looks good! The vibe is casual and you don't need to dress up here, although if you did you wouldn't feel out of place. We started with a bunch of charcuterie which included various meats, cheeses, olives, fig jam and bread. You can't go wrong with any of that for me, but I especially enjoyed the fig jam. I'd spread that stuff on most anything. We tried a lot of the various pizzzas, and while everyone will have their own preferences with regards to favourite toppings, all the ones we had were quite good. It's pretty obvious when quality toppings are used, and it makes all the difference. But lets face it, a great pizza comes down to the dough. The crust at Rosso may be my new favourite in town, edging out Famoso. It's light and crunchy, but doesn't have that prolonged chew that Famoso's has. I loved it. At about $15 a pizza, the price is not out of line. I'll surely come back for another pie and some gelato. Maybe even a beer or 3.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,11/8/2013,220,814,,5,3>If you are into all things Wicca/Pagan, this store is a must-visit. Loads of books, ritual objects, jewelry, and other items are packed into the space. The staff are very friendly and able to answer questions about anything they carry. Prices seem high but these are specialty items. I bought a book, crystal, pendulum, and a button, and my bill was around $50 - I didn't think that was bad. I am sort of dabbling in this area so I plan to be back!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,11/7/2013,14,139,,4,2>This place is great. While it wouldn't be my first choice out of the restaurants on Whyte Ave, I definitely wouldn't complain if I ended up back here. I had whatever the chicken special of the day was called, which was a mix of things, but included pineapple, prawns, pasta, some sort of awesome lemon sauce, and two huge chicken breasts. Everything I had was super fresh and well put together. The service was good but I felt dumb not being able to pronounce anything on the menu, especially being that it was a business meeting with two guys I'd never met before. Overall, it's one of the more authentic Italian restaurants I've been to in Edmonton and definitely not a bad decision for lunch or dinner..... other than the fact that parking sucks on Whyte Ave.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,11/6/2013,11,73,4,3,3>Oh, I have never imagined how lucky we are to have this bakery right in our neighbourhood! The aroma of freshly baked goods when we walked in! We were in line and noticed a customer in front of us picking up a box of freshly baked doughnuts. We've tried her cinnamon buns -- delicious and gooey! (We warm them up in the microwave and it stays well for up to 3 days; just make sure you have a mug of water in the microwave when doing so to maintain moisture)So, we had to try the baker's doughnuts. We got the cinnamon one as well as the apple fritter. YUM! It's far better than Krispy Kreme. I'm never going to Tim Horton's for doughnuts ever again.Cheese bread is delicious!! It makes awesome sandwiches and is great by itself. There are delectable cupcakes on her display.This business is cash only.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,11/5/2013,31,99,1,4,6>Foodies, you need to be here. Non-foodies, you can come too. You'll still love it.It is just neat to walk in and see bottle after bottle of olive oil on the counter, the little silver nozzles to dish out samples shining row after row. Kind of reminded me of Willy Wonka's chocolate factory, only classier and less...chocolatey, haha.The sales associates are really great about walking any newbies through the process of the store, explaining differences in types of olive oil or vinegars. You can buy them in various sized bottles - the tiny ones are perfect to try out different flavors (and get hooked). They also offer cute gift boxes, a spice section, some pastas/sauces and other little oil-related accessories.Pricing is a little expensive (maybe I just feel like this because I always "have" to spend $50+ whenever I visit.... it's just an addiction, it calls to me, I have to try EVERYTHING!!) but the quality of the product is heavenly and has not disappointed me yet.Overall it's just a really fun and different retail experience. If you're in search for a new kitchen experience or a gift for a fellow foodie - or even if you are just curious - definitely drop by!!
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,11/4/2013,85,49,1,3,2>I've stayed at this hotel twice. Once in the "Roman" themed room and once in the Polynesian" themed room. At first I was shocked at the prices. $400+ for one night?! You've got to be kidding me right?!Well I caved the first time and boy am I happy I did. My boyfriend and I had the most romantic and memorable night that we've had in the longest time. The jacuzzi in the room, the huge bed, the tv, the lighting, everything was just beautiful! Romantic and so great we even booked it again for our anniversary and it still lived up to our standards. I would recommend this place for a couple looking for a nice intimate time together, because this place just brought us closer. We left the next day never feeling happier, more in love and relaxed. Only downside is the cost. It's really expensive for just one night. But if it's a special occasion, take my word on it and go. You won't regret it!!
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,11/3/2013,155,209,3,6,4>I don't bake.  I never have.  So I never thought I would step foot in this shop.  However, I do make Icecream and only the best home made Icecream was going to do for a going away party for one of my favorite people.  This is where Provisions comes in with heavenly Salted Caramel, perfectly fine sugar, vanilla bean, chocolate and enough inspiration to have me attempt Macarons on a later date.  Salted Caramel Vanilla Icecream with chocolate shavings is now the new standard for homemade Icecream in my house.  Thanks to their amazing ingredients it turned out perfectly and I should have made twice as much! This store is a beautiful extension of Duchess.  They have many recipe books and baking kits and quality ingredients as well as cooking cutters, sheets, and really beautiful cake stands.  I want to learn to make cake now just so I have an excuse to buy a stand!  I will be back here the next time I need a jar of Salted Caramel to go or if I ever decide a whole cookie sheet of macarons for one girl is a good idea!
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,11/2/2013,115,132,2,4,2>The new head chef of Niche is going big with a fresh new menu every day!I went for a Monday lunch with 2 friends from out of town and we all left satisfied but with a lighter wallet. We shared the mussels in a paprika sauce. It was an interesting and unusual flavor combination but I would still say it worked. They provided flaky biscuits with it but I would have preferred some hearty bread to dip into the sauce (the best part of having mussels). I then had the Japanese Pork Chops on blanched baby carrots and baby zucchini. When I asked the server what they meant by Japanese Pork he said that in North America all the pork is fed corn whereas in Japan it's fed grains which makes for a more tender product. I felt that he was feeding me a load of horse crap! But I bit my tongue and bit into the pork. (A little education: Kurobota Pork is actually Berkshire Pigs brought over from Great Britain as a gift to the Japanese. Kurobota was then crossbred in Japan and brought over to North America where it is fed grains in most farms. The majority of pork in Canada does NOT get fed corn.) I was given 4 small chops but that adds up to a large portion of protein. The pork was quite tender however I noticed that I got the equivalent of the Ribeye which is rated the 3rd most tender cut so I would expect it to be tender. Now the price for this dish alone was $23 which isn't too bad until you realize it's a pork chop.My friend had the 3 mushroom Ravioli. I had a bite and enjoyed the sauce and the tender house made noodles but there was no way anyone could distinguish the 3 different mushrooms used for the filling. My other friend also ordered the pork chop and he had 2 thicker chops but they were clearly not as tender. He did still use his butter knife to cut it however.We each had a glass of white wine with our lunches which made it that much better. $11 for a 6oz glass of Quails Gate Guvertz and $10 for Voga Pinot Grigio which was the special.I will definitely be back because I enjoy trying different things from the same restaurant however the one concern with this method is if they do really knock a dish out of the park people will want to come back just for that and may end up disappointed if it's been retired.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2013,10/31/2013,35,101,4,7,6>Any place that offers a "Build Your Own Burger" option will automatically earn itself a place in the bottomless black hole that passes for my heart.With 7 choices of patty, such as beef, chicken tenders, beer battered fish, etc., more than 60 options for toppings, and 8 different side dishes, simply ordering a meal presents a unique challenge.  But, it's worth it in the end.  Probably one of the best burgers I've ever had.The "fixed" menu appears to be rather impressive as well, with a variety of appetizers, ready made burgers, and entrees.For those who like to get their booze on with their burgers, this joint offers 32 varieties of vodka, which can be added to any one of their 27 flavors of milkshake, or 44 varieties of soda.  They also offer a number of "big kid" floats and milkshakes.  I recommend the Blue Cotton Candy milkshake.The only issue I had with this place was that the last time I was there, our server was a little *too* attentive.  As I mentioned, choosing the options for the BYOB is pretty involved, and she hardly gave us any time to think about it.  Other than that, service was fantastic.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,10/30/2013,25,260,2,3,3>Went to check out Thai Flavours on a nice Sunday evening. They definitely need to change their sign - we were in the right area but didn't even see it. As lots of people have said, the restaurant is quite small but has a very homely, down to earth type of feel. The family that works here is very kind and gracious. There were 5 of us (with one picky order so we let her order her own thing) so we shared a bunch of dishes:- Pork spring rolls (6 pieces - $8.95) - typical spring rolls but my friend was craving them so we ordered that.- Veggie spring rolls (4 pieces - $5.95) - the picky one ordered this.- Pad thai ($10.95) - Woo Sunday special!! Yeeeeeeeeeees.  I was pretty impressed with the pad thai, perfectly cooked noodles and sauce was just right. Not to sweet which is key. We gobbled it right up.- Pad cha ($14.49) - stir fried red curry with coconut milk, bell peppers, veggies and sweet basil. Oh, and it came with a nice vine of peppercorns so don't eat that unless you want some heat! We asked for mild (friends that can't eat spicy - boo) but it would have been even better if it was medium. The curry was great!- Pad sapparod ($14.49) - fried with veggies, pineapple, and cashews. Pineapple added a bit of sweetness to it. Nothing popped for me in this dish though.-  Kow pad pu ($14.49) -  fried rice with crab (fake), vegetables, egg, cilantro, and and with a couple of cucumbers and cherry tomatoes on the side. This one was also pretty simple but was good when you added the curry sauce to it.- 4x beers ($4-5 each) - they have some Asian beers you can try like Laos and Tiger beer if you have never had it before. In bottle or you can pour it in a glass.All in all, pretty decent spot for Thai in the west end. Definitely worth a try. Cheap reasonable, prices. Fast and friendly service. Can't go wrong with their daily specials!!
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/5/2013,10/29/2013,33,66,3,4,2>This Bone and Biscuit is one location among the dozens of franchised stores that have opened up across Canada in recent years. While striving to offer high-quality (which often translates to high-priced)  toys and treats (as well as food and accessories), they are not quite the "Mom and Pop" store I was expecting when I very first went in. Most noticeable about this is that none of the dog cookies are baked on site - or even in the city.That said, our pups have enjoyed more than one of these beautifully decorated treats and they both wear tags which were special ordered through this store.While we buy Kirkland (Costco) brand dog food, and normally shop the larger selection at  PetSmart for toys and accessories, The Bone and Biscuit continues to see our business for special occasion treats for our furry friends.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,10/28/2013,36,27,5,6,4>I enjoyed Sloppy Hoggs. The service was nice, the food was good, price was right... would probably visit again. My friend and I ordered a side of onion rings to start. For $4 we got a about 3 servings of what you usually get for a side of rings.  They also came with what i believe was a chipotle mayo drizzled over the top. I think they were the best Rings I ever had. (non-home made)For our meals my friend ordered the pulled pork sandwich and I ordered the 1/2 rack of ribs and we shared the Sloppy Hog cause the pictures on here made me order it. My Friend liked her pulled pork sandwich her only complaint was that they could have pulled her pork a little more.. lol.. I like how that sounds.. My ribs were huge at only a 1/2 rack. If you want a full rack you best be hungry!! I took home half of mine! I enjoyed the ribs they were falling of the bone perfectly and the rub was nice and went well with the smokey flavors of the meat. As for the fries not a huge fan, as I have seen mentioned in other reviews I wish that they were home made. I am pretty sure they were just frozen fries. That was disappointing. The Sloopy Hogg would have been much better with fresh home made fries. But over all it was a hoggerific meal! Caution: you may feel like you need to roll to the car after this feast.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,10/27/2013,82,54,,6,4>Had a good time here! First time trying shishito peppers and having them drenched in cheese is as good a way as any to make an introduction.The airport themed, ever changing beer menu is a draw as well, and made a nice pairing with the peppers. Nice to have a couple different "beer geek" options in Edmonton now!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,10/26/2013,24,122,3,10,4>A close friend saw this studio featured in the news and suggested we try out their two week newbie pass to see what the classes were like.  I thought "sure, why not?" and packed my stretchy clothes in a gym bag and headed out to Sherwood Park.  After one class, I was addicted.  Barre combines movement and stretching from ballet training with weights, balls and the barre to give one heck of a one-hour workout. Sculpt Barre would be what I describe as high-end fitness.  The studio is nearly brand new, with dark wood floors, large lockers (with keys on wrist bands), a water fountain station, two changing rooms and two spacious bathrooms.  The classes can be purchased on a drop in basis, as a bundle (5, 10 or 20 classes) or in monthly or yearly unlimited passes.  They're expensive, ranging from $15-20/class depending on what bundle you pick, but I feel that it's worth it to get the break in my regular workout routine to do something fun and different.  Each section of the one hour sculpt class targets a different area of your body (arms, legs, back, abs), with the basics class covering the same material at a slower pace.  I took ballet for a few years as a kid, so I didn't have much trouble keeping up with the scuplt class, but I could see how it would be confusing to start out if you weren't familiar with some common dance moves and positions.  There are quite a few instructors, and I have found that each one is different enough to keep the classes from getting repetitive.  The classes are all women, and generally span many ages and athletic abilities.  Even though it kicks my butt, I love barre, and I'm really glad we decided to check it out.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,10/25/2013,65,170,4,5,5>Waking up at the crack of dawn is not easy for me. But I was wide awake for my early morning balloon launch that morning. Our flight was originally purchased to be an anniversary celebration, but high winds forced the company to cancel. We had to rebook twice (once they cancelled because of weather, and once we canceled due to lack of a babysitter), and each rebooking was handled by a friendly staff member who worked hard to accommodate our schedules and to rebook us as soon as possible.  So, our anniversary celebration was two months late, but what a fun celebration it was!We met at a local business where a van picked us up, taking us to the launch site (near the zoo). Once there, passengers got to help the crew set up the balloon, learning a bit about the history of ballooning in the process. Then we launched! And we got to enjoy a smooth, peaceful, hour-long flight over our fair city  - from the glorious river valley, alongside downtown, over the city centre airport (we actually has a plane take-off below us -surreal!), over houses, highways, shopping centres, football fields, industrial parks, and farmlands. We finally landed in an open field in far northeast Edmonton. Once on the ground, the crew met us with the van. We helped put the balloon back on the trailer, and then toasted out flight with a glass of champagne, an aeronaut tradition.  Finally, we were driven back to our cars, where we were given our flight certificates.This was my second hot air balloon flight, and I found this company to be respectful and professional. I look forward to the time when my son is older and we can take him. When that day comes, we are likely to call Windship again.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,10/24/2013,24,223,3,3,3>This store, while not huge, is amazing! We made a special trip to the south side to give it a look. Ad neither my husband nor I were disappointed. I love the fact that they have so many of the models built and on display so you can actually see them in action. There are multiple lay areas, a section for building your own mini figure, and a huge pick-a-brick wall along the back. I though the bricks would be priced individually, but you can fill one of two sizes of cups for a flat rate each. That's pretty awesome.  There are also a few sets here that I've only seen online. My husband is already planning to go back for the mini figure chess sett hat we both fell in love with. This is going to be a regular stop on our toy shopping forays in the future.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,10/23/2013,41,93,,6,2>I have had nothing but positive experiences at this pharmacy. It is a small store that only has a few side items for sale and is attached to a medical centre. I believe the pharmacist - Darren - is the owner and he treats his customers like gold. I have rarely had to wait more than about five minutes and he always explains my medications clearly and gives me options if they are available.The only thing stopping me from giving this pharmacy a five star is its hours aren't always convenient for me, but then again, that is the price you pay for personalized, good quality service.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,10/22/2013,49,256,,3,2>Interesting to see how this da Capo compares to their old location. Dinner items are no longer on the menu -- they just have gelato, coffee and other drinks. The gelato is amazing as always. Nice that it's in the same building as Blush Lane so I can stop by while I'm grocery shopping!
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,10/21/2013,32,60,3,3,3>I actually come here more than how many times it has showed i have checked in. It's because i get distracted on how good the food is here. I have a hobby of trying new donair places around the city, and this place is on the top. The guys here are always keeping themselves busy, 1 person is always cleaning, which is a huge plus, cause i love to know that im eating at a clean place. I also like how i get called boss my the owner every time i walk in! The food is great, its no rushed, but they make it fairly fast. The meat is tasty and not super oily or greasy like other donair places which i like. They guys are also not to shy when you ask for little extra on your food. I usually never tip fast food places, but i do here simply because i want to give back to the many times they let me get away with being a couple cents short.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,10/20/2013,41,217,3,3,3>Friendly, warm, comfortable, familiar, informal and laid back. I am at ease. A happy place for other than eating and drinking. I am satisfied, need to look no further.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,10/19/2013,136,590,,4,4>Right across from where I live in Edmonton. The staff are always friendly and the lunches are always delicious! I love this little cafe and should really come here more often the servings are generous and the gelato is divine! Sometimes the staff seem a little confused but the food really does make up for it!
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,10/18/2013,49,120,,3,2>I wasn't sure if it could get better than our last experience here, but if I loved Istanbul before, I adore it now. The last visit, I had the basic Adana kebab. Last night, Allan G and I went back to celebrate our Friday evening, and I had the Beyti Kebab. Think of a spicy Adana kebab, but with it come buttered pita chunks in a cream sauce. SOOOO yummy! I basically wanted to put my face into the plate and inhale it. Al had the beef shishkebob, and also thought it was terrific. Two glasses of red wine for me made everything go down even smoother (giggle). If you haven't tried this place yet, you must.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,10/17/2013,31,151,2,2,2>I love this restaurant! - Simple but tasty and well-prepared dishes;- Good by-the-glass wines and an interesting beer list;- Attentive service;- Clean and modern decor (they have a patio too!);- Great atmosphere (always busy);- Reasonable prices. It does get a little loud and you might smell faintly of the restaurant when you leave, but it's totally worth it. Food at lunch is always quickly served, whereas at dinner you have the time to enjoy a glass of wine and really savour the food. Not a whole lot more I can say that hasn't already been said, except - if you have the chance to try their Toulouse sausages, do it! Made in-house (apparently all their sausages are), the perfectly-cooked garlicky sausages were a delight to eat with the accompanying white bean/pork belly/pork cheek cassoulet. Also try their crispy skinny fries, served with a truffled aioli. Mmmmm.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,10/16/2013,68,383,2,3,3>Well another Fringe has come and gone and I consider myself lucky I was able to squeeze in a trip down to Whyte on the last day of the festival. The volunteers deserve a big thumbs up this year for having a stronger presence than in prior years and being so helpful and informative. I did have an issue with one of the volunteers working at the gate nearest the farmers market however....this was my friends first Fringe this year and not really knowing much about it she started walking past the drums they were using for donations without really noticing them. A lady in her mid forties then proceeded to get in her personal space and gave her a lecture about how donations are needed for things like the lighting and etc. I think I or anybody is more than happy to donate to such a wonderful festival but please don't take it upon yourself to get into my personal space and make me feel bad for not pulling out my wallet right away. The plays all looked fantastic and I genuinely wish that I had had the time and cash to see them all. I like that the actors are such an eclectic mix of professionals as well as people with typical 9-5 day jobs. I tend to want to see comedy and more adult themed plays at the Fringe and I was pleased I had a lot more to pick from this year then when I have gone in prior years. Some of the venues are quite a journey from Whyte though and I don't agree with this as those of us who work during the week and only had time to Fringe on the weekends either had to hop in our cars or deal with ETS's less than desirable weekend service options to get to some of the shows.Fringe food has definitely evolved as well and it was nice to have so much to choose from from wood oven fired pizza to designer cupcakes. I bought green onion cakes and lemonade and was pleased to see the plate and cup were environmentally friendly compostable. With all the disposable plates and cups about you would think there might be an issue with trash but the grounds were fairly tidy. The only litter I really noticed were stickers that they were giving away at the front gates.I love the Fringe and I am sad that it's over for yet another summer. I think the only thing that I really wish they would change would be to have the street performers in a larger area. They are usually near the food area and the congestion from people lining up for snacks as well as people stopping to watch the street performers can be tiresome and it is a problem I notice every year. Whether you're a tourist or an Edmonton local I sincerely hope you enjoyed Fringe 2013 and add Fringe 2014 to your list of must see summer activities.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,10/15/2013,32,92,,3,2>Shrimp creole, jambalaya - and a great selection of po-boys too! One thing I'd recommend d - take your own crab fork - they don't have any skinny ones and you'll want all the goodness those crab legs have to offer!
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,10/14/2013,14,108,7,7,6>I have been a customer of Total Focus for a few years now. The staff and optometrists are very personable and professional. The store has a comfortable and inviting atmosphere that's apparent when you walk in. There's soft couches on the right  to lounge on while you wait to be called for your appointment.The staff here were particularly helpful when I decided to try contact lenses earlier this year. I did not take to the contacts immediately. Saying that I was like the slow kid in class would be an understatement. I had trouble putting them in and taking them out. The staffer who helped me through all this had the patience of Mother Theresa and kept encouraging me. After a week I decided that contact lenses were a form of cruel and inhuman punishment and I opted for laser eye surgery instead.The only negative I can think of about this place is the time when I called them to cancel my follow-up appointments for the contact lenses. Whoever answered the phone was some ditzy, valley girl-type. I explained that contacts just weren't for me so she gave me a sarcastic "okaaaaaay" and hung up. I could picture her rolling her eyes and twirling her hair the whole time. I don't know who this was as their usual receptionist is very nice.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,10/13/2013,12,59,1,4,2>Strange name, good food.With a name like Brooklyn Tomato, you wouldn't expect an Asian themed restaurant but it is!We've eaten there a few times. This last time we had the cashew curry tofu and some kind of seafood dish. It was all good.Overall, good food, especially for takeout and great friendly service. I'd rather eat out however, as the decor leaves a little to be desired.Yay! I'm a fan!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,10/12/2013,94,253,,5,4>When an eatery picks a niche and sticks to it, the results can be stellar. Case in point: The Food Fighter. This bright orange and blue food truck is parked on the corner of Jasper and 106 and serves up parm sandwiches, like eggplant, veal and chicken. They are huge, not greasy at all, crispy on the outside, tender on the inside, cheesy, saucy, and can be customized with a variety of toppings like onions or mushrooms. Service is swift, staff and friendly, and it is a lip-smacking and memorable sandwich.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,10/11/2013,164,49,,5,4>LOVE the ICS! First: never shop here on weekends. The lineup for deli items is intense. Get a number first thing. If 8 or more, go grab a cap from the restaurant which make some pretty decent cap's!I ask for my meats by a dollar amount. It's easier for me than asking for 200 grams when I'm not sure what it will costAn abundance of canned fish (and fish like items) and more cheese than you'd know what to do withWhen you're at the ICS, you're pretty much in Italy.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,10/10/2013,45,119,,4,3>I've been using McCallum for a couple years and I've had them print a wide variety of pieces for me - each of them turning out great. I started using them based on a recommendation from a graphic designer I knew. I was put in touch with Jim Mueller, who has been great to deal with. I've printed magazines, brochures, stand up displays and posters so far. The customer service is great and I can get quotes quickly and easily. My clients can be quite particular and McCallum is always accommodating to their unique needs. Their prices are very competitive, for the local market. Their turnaround times can be a touch longer than some of the cheap/budget places but their work is always better and worth the wait (if there is any at all).
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,10/9/2013,13,82,1,3,4>Zaika is one of my favourite Indian restaurants in the city.  I'm sad that it's so far away from the downtown, but that's about the only thing it has going against it.  The interior decor of Zaika is modern and inviting- it has the dark feeling of many Indian restaurants, but the colour scheme, art and glass chandeliers are appealing to the modern audience.Zaika's lunch buffet has yet to disappoint- favourites include the always-fresh soup of the day, butter chicken, potato cakes and of course the garlic naan bread.  The dessert buffet is typical of most Indian buffets, but tasty and fresh nonetheless.  The service always seems to be be very attentive, with regular water refills and table clearings.  The only thing that would make me love Zaika more is for them to open a location closer to the centre of Edmonton!
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,10/8/2013,35,96,2,3,3>I've driven by this place a thousand times and thought it was just a quick fast food joint.  This weekend, we were at the Duggan mall and decided to try it - boy, were we pleasantly surprised.  The place is much larger inside than you would think.  We decided to eat in and ordered both tacos and enchiladas.  The service was quick and the food was tasty and came with beans and rice and salsa.  We left satisfied and will return.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,10/7/2013,353,217,4,2,2>They have good, quality coffee here. I've only ever popped in to get coffees to-go, so I don't really have much to say about it except that the service is very friendly and informative, and the coffee is superb. Definitely one of the best coffee shops in Edmonton! If you're a connoisseur like me, this place won't disappoint! Try their Americano, the crema is so rich it tastes like it's been topped with milk even when you drink it black! Yum!
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,10/6/2013,34,45,,4,3>We found Richard's several years ago and it's still our goto donair shop! I like that unless it is crazy busy, the meat is a little bit crispy, as well as you have the option of onions,lettuce and tomatoes, last time I even over heard someone asking for banana peppers on theirs.. definitely going to add those to mine next time, if they will fit, as even the regular size is too big for me to finish! We tend to also order a side of fries and one of onion rings and if we are staying cans of pop and we also get 1 side of sauce as my daughter and I love it so much we put extra on.. I don't wanna know how many calories it is when I'm done slathering my donair with it!! Never had a bad experience here, the staff is always friendly and efficient, I would definitely recommend it.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,10/5/2013,67,269,,4,4>This summer, the Poultry Research Centre at the U of A farm started selling eggs from their heritage chicken breeds to support the program. I just barely made it into the first round of the Adopt-a-Chicken program, where I got to "adopt" a chicken (I have an adoption certificate!) and pick up eggs on a bi-weekly basis through the summer.The eggs were good and fresh, and we were updated with info about chicken eggs throughout the summer, usually when someone complained about features of the eggs that were different from the uniform white-shell, pale-yolk eggs at the grocery store.I think the program is fantastic, although I don't think I will sign up again for two reasons: one, the eggs are pretty expensive (for my round it was $7.50/dozen), and two, driving out to the farm for pickup in a particular time frame was a bit too inconvenient for me. Overall though, I'm glad I was able to participate and learn a bit more about where this part of our food supply comes from. Plus, next week I get to pick up a chicken pot pie made with "my" chicken!
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/2/2013,10/3/2013,20,116,,5,2>I went to Massimo's with my companion on 5/10/2013.  Thank goodness I chose to not consider "first impressions".....it's situated next door to the Italian Centre Shop on 51Ave....so, not much on the "curb appeal".  However, the interior is quite nice, clean and lots of light from the windows comes through, which is nice.The menu is a reasonable mix of Canadian and REAL Italian food.  I say "real" because what we ordered was made straightaway fresh....that is, the Risotto of the Day came out piping hot, not hot from sitting under a heat lamp where it gets that little "crust" on top....this was also true of the LinguinI (UGH....again, SPELL things CORRECTLY if you ARE Italian! It should be LinguinE) alla Pescatore.  This aside, the linguine were also very good and AL DENTE and freshly plated from having been cooked right then.  In fact, having spoken to the wait staff, they told us that they are working to make sure things stay in this way--most of the staff is from Italy and thus they know that food in Italian restaurants is done this way, given their training and are working to not have it change.  One of the waiters actually told us that when someone does order the risotto they tell the customer (especially during the lunch hour) that it will take 20 minutes to make so they aren't thinking it'll come out in 10 minutes (because risotto DOES take 20 minutes minimum to cook well and taste good). So, on this...thank goodness.Our appetizer, the Calamari Fritti were okay, not as good as the risotto and linguine.  The desserts were very good.  The Panna Cotta was Panna COTTA (i.e., not melting on the plate as we had at Corso 32....but that I shall leave for another review).  The "Apple Tart" was more of an Apple Cake, which was very good and was garnished with Pistachio cream, very delicate and not sugary :-).Overall, for now, I am willing and happy to go back and see if this place continues to do things as they are doing them, as it should be...."all'italiana" :-)
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,10/2/2013,292,404,4,5,4>The Cavern deserves all the accolades it has so far received on yelp.  The service is excellent and it's great to see that not only the owner, but also the other staff know their cheeses.  Speaking of which, the cheese list here is excellent. I can't wait to try out more of their cheeses. There were quite a few award winning and popular cheeses (Avonlea Clothbound cheddar and Le Cendrillon are the two famous Canadian cheeses that come to mind) as well as some local favorites like The Cheesiry's pecorino.  I wish they carried some of Smoky Valley's Artisan Cheeses since I've had some really exquisite cheeses made by them.Their cheese sampler sets come with a variety of additional, high quality, sides. Nuts, fruits, good bread, compotes/jellies and chutneys adorn the black tile with cheeses distributed in a clockwise fashion from young/light palate cheeses to bold finishers.I enjoyed the decor as well, except that I think it's going to get too hot in there during summer. I am not sure how they're going to handle that situation.  Good coffee, interesting list of chocolates as well as a chocolate-cheese pairing.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,10/1/2013,10,68,,2,2>Well I have not had a bad moment when walking through the doors!  Smiles and warmth and tasty morsels of goodness await.  I admit I am just a cupcake fella but am a self professed junkie when it comes to the cupcakes.  My favorite are the carrot cake ones.  So light and flavourful with a cream cheese icing that perfectly compliments the cake itself.  The chocolate ones are decadent but not overpowering and smooth and refreshing.  Just wish she was open 7 days a week so that when my feverish cravings hit I can indulge in a heartbeat lol.  Soooo good and she remembers names famously as well!  Try them out we all love them!
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/5/2013,9/30/2013,158,543,5,8,7>I came to Jack's for the first time the other day with my father-in-law, hubby, and 5 year old in tote after hauling some furniture - we were all in serious need of a refuel!Off the hop, the place was a little hard to find because they don't have their sign up yet (they told me they are awaiting the city permit approval to install it).  They are on Perron street in a little alcove with Wine Kitz and Trendy Home by the Community Hall.  They have an awesome patio with brightly coloured orange and red metal patio tables and folding chairs.The staff were awesome and decor was bright and clean but that's where the buck stopped for me unfortunately.Okay the food:Menu looked great, reasonable prices, fresh and new creations.We ordered:Inferno: standard 1/3 lb. patty with jalapenos, cheese, and a allegedly spicy sauce but I didn't find any heat on this burger.  Seriously, it would be a 1 out of 5 on a spice scale.  $8 (does not come with sides)BBQ Crunch: standard 1/3 patty with bacon, cheese, potato chips, orange pop BBQ sauce.  My counterparts (men) loved this burger. $8 (does not come with sides)Kids Meal - Burger, fires, and small fountain pop $6.  My daughter was happy - but what's not to love about a cute little kids meal for kiddos?On the recommendation of the other reviewer, we tried the poutine but uh.. No, those were not cheese curds the day we were there.  They were curd shaped but not squeaky at all and definitely your standard mozerella - the same cheese you find at Costco in their poutine.  Yummy, but not traditional.  The fries were fresh and the gravy decent but nothing to write home about.  $5 was a good price and I'm sure if we are here again, this would be on our table.As a total aside - the cheese here is processed.  Hubby says he prefers that on a burger but I don't - I like real cheese (not the stuff made from oil).And then we ordered 2 milkshakes: Malteaser and Cinnamon Toast Crunch.We were so disappointed in the milkshakes that it makes me sad to relive it.  At $4 a pop, the price is great but the taste and consistency really let us down.All of the milkshakes are vanilla ice cream based and then the toppings or cereals are blended in and then garnished on top.  They looked gorgeous but the taste was overwhelmingly vanilla and the were so runny that I wouldn't even call it a milkshake.  It was more like milk with a splash of ice cream :-(   The staff were super friendly and offered to remake our shakes but I didn't see any point and I'd hate to waste another set of milkshakes.  My daughter happily slurped them and my father-in-law never complains but my husband agreed with me that he wouldn't call what we had a milkshake.  More like a ice cream inspired milk beverage.The burgers were definitely the highlight - fresh ground beef smashed right on the grill - kickin' it old school.  And I liked the serve yourself water bar :-)Beautiful patio, friendly staff, fresh burgers, but a fail on the milkshake department which is a dealbreaker for me at a old-school burger shop.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,9/29/2013,41,34,,2,4>So, so yummy! Cute little restaurant that serves your basic, just like Baba makes, Ukrainian food. The perogies were good - covered in sautéed onions and cream. The cabbage rolls were super (I had the sour kind) and I am a tough critic because my Grandma makes amazing cabbage rolls. I wasn't overly thrilled with the crepes and would substitute those out next time. Like others have said, it closes at 7pm every night so get there early.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,9/28/2013,51,111,,2,3>I love Metro Cinema and Garneau Theatre for many reasons. When Metro took over the Garneau, they made a great thing even better. Movie night at the Garneau is a tradition for me, having lived in the area for my undergraduate years. Whether it's a cult flick like the Rocky Horror Picture Show (yes toast is allowed!) or Evil Dead, a local documentary or everyone's classic favourites, Metro plays it. Their online calendar has it all, if only I could upload it to my calendar! Oh, and did I mention free butter for your popcorn, beer sales and an annual membership discount? A trip to Metro Cinema is a great way to support a historic Edmonton institution, enjoy a movie you won't see anywhere else in town, and have a fun night out close to a variety of quality local restaurants in the University / Whyte Ave area. Now if only they could give the Garneau Theatre a little more love and do some renos, starting with the seats!
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,9/27/2013,69,90,5,7,5>I really regret not finding this place sooner. Do not be fooled by the exterior, this is more of a take out place. On our way to do shipping in Italian center, we saw this little restaurant with a genuine hole in a wall vibe. The specially here is Empanada but they also serve pizza. We tried 6 different types of Empanadas. My favorites were traditional beef, Spinach and the ham and cheese. It is obvious that everything is made from scratch. The dough is crispy and tasty. The fillings our extremely flavorful. I really enjoyed the use of spices like cumin. The chef somehow managed to transform the usually boring spinach filling to a very tasty interesting Empanada. They also give you a cheat sheet so you can identify the Empanadas, each Empanada has a unique shape and somehow made the dining experience more interactive.  You can also buy them frozen and bake them at home, which is something that we will defiantly do in future. It is perfect for a lazy day. Most of Empanadas are 2.5 $ and they are not small at all. In my opinion, the price is very reasonable for the portion size. They bake the food to order which is a big positive for me but as it takes around 20 minutes if you are in a rush call them ahead of time and the food will be ready as soon as you arrive.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,9/26/2013,135,69,3,2,2>First time attending a professional soccer game ever! I was seriously impressed by the quality of the players of FC Edmonton. Edmonton folks, don't just attend Eskimos games! AND this team has good stats. Ladies forget CFL-NHL. FC Edmonton has action, good sportsmanship,  and VERY hot athletes!
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,9/25/2013,41,524,,2,2>Who wouldn't like a city hall that you can come wade in the fountains in the summer and skate on the rink in the winter? I am a fan of City Hall as a place to gather for fun and celebration. It's also a place for business as I have been involved in hosting and attending events in one of the rooms and foyer or having a business breakfast at Kids in the Hall.Outside the building the fountain and pool is large for kids to enjoy on a hot summer day.  Even adults can roll up their pants and enjoy a walk through.  There is a change room with washrooms close by.  The clock tower rings bells and on special occasions, it can play various tunes.Inside, there's city information for tourists, newcomers, and locals.  I love the community walking maps! There's a job board and also staff on hand to answer questions.  Great for events including the Farmers' Market when it moves indoors for the fall and winter.  Bonus is the washrooms are always clean too!
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,9/24/2013,21,65,9,6,3>You like Thai?  I like suit.Who knew that the city's best Thai/Lao food might be found in a seedy north side strip mall.  Our host, whose name I believe is Tom based on other reviews, was a sweet older gentleman.  I almost asked him to be my grandfather.  Our waiter was a  kind young man, who had a very distinct voice that would be well suited for radio (or a strip club?).I had the beef pho, and after eating it I decided to add a takeout order of the red curry for later that evening.  Both were delicious and very well priced (~$10 each).  Not only does Lan's have among the best thai/lao food in town, but it also seems to have the lowest prices;  I don't think that Thai Express is cheaper.  The food must be so well priced because of the low rent location in the strip mall.A strange happenstance occurred upon departing the restaurant as I witnessed a near outbreak of fisticuffs outside of the dive bar next door.  I nearly had to show them that I had Jack Johnson and Tom O'Leary waiting for them if they decided to throw down in my direction.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,9/23/2013,49,117,,3,2>I like the rustic gathered decor. It has a very unique artistic feel to the cafe. If you like the artwork on the wall, you can buy it and support a local artist. i love the concept of locally owned.The coffee I would say is alright, but I will still stop buy to support this business. I always get a muffin along with my coffee. The muffins here are homemade fabulous!!! I've also learned that there breakfast items are amazing..mmm cinnamon buns and waffles! Oh so yummy!!What I've also noticed is the girls that work here are dressed very trendy and I and i love the way they look. Friendly and adorable staff that always smile and deliver great service!It's a unique and friendly cafe in Sherwood Park that I always choose to go to when I'm meeting my friend that lives in this area and on my way to work in the morning.Locally awesomeness!
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/28/2013,9/22/2013,19,49,,3,2>The food is fine for bar food, and beer selection is kind of impressive with big brew and craft breweries, but the service for both my visits has been lacking.Nothing on the menu really stands out to me aside from the Porchetta Sandwich and whatever the soup of the day is. Fatty pork and strong cheese went together really well with arugula. Its a good, well-toasted if not dry sandwich.Neither of the waiters/resses seemed to have a high beer IQ, I don't expect conoisseur-type recommendations but with the number of taps here you'd expect them to know what "hoppy" or "malty" or "dark" mean. One occasion, it took 20 minutes to fulfill a beer order per order in a busy but not exactly gigantic place, making it one long night.The beer menu categorizes its selection by levels and definitely caters to people with more niche tastes which is a nice touch. Ales dominate the menu so premium lager fans won't be happy.Underground is one of the better places for beer selection in Edmonton but other than that, it doesn't come to mind as a stand out venue - if I were to close my eyes and picture what is at 10004 Jasper Ave, it would be a nice blank spot.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,9/21/2013,14,141,5,5,4>After an Easter trip to the Stollery with one of the kids (egg hunts are dangerous), I decided to reward her bravery with lunch out. Rodeo Burgers has always been on my list as a local place to try, so today we made it our lunch spot.This place looks nice; it doesn't look like your regular, hole in the wall, chipped paint, run down burger joint. This was a pleasant surprise.The menu was a tad confusing for the young one, "Daddy, are there any burgers that don't have Rodeo sauce?" I walked her through it and she was happy to be able to choose exactly what she wanted on her burger.It was made fresh, but even so, it didn't take more than 5 minutes to get our order. My burger wasn't spectacular, but it was so much better than one from the burger chain down the street. My daughter loved her burger and dutifully ate the whole thing quickly, which is unusual. The fries were good as well.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,9/20/2013,34,170,2,4,1>The food was very tasty, with a focus on regional cuisine from in and around Germany.We were there for a rather slow (3-4 tables occupied, of the ~20 total) lunch hour, and found the noise level to be very high. I would not recommend this place if you want a quiet, romantic dinner, as it is reportedly very busy in the evenings.Additionally, the decor was sub-par -- decorations did not seem to follow any theme, and the old-school "photos with famous people" wall was very tacky, partly because the frames were all out of alignment.The service was very good -- the wait staff exceptional, but the maitre d' could have been more friendly and thoughtful. We were seated right by the under-construction door, after he left the stand to check our reservation.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,9/19/2013,10,53,2,2,3>I took my boyfriend here for his 30th birthday, and we both agreed that it was the best meal we've experienced in Edmonton so far. Everything was delicious. Rich, bold flavors, scrumptious bites, gorgeous plates. I knew as we were enjoying our dishes that I'd remember them fondly-- and that for me is one of the true tests of a good meal. We had a bottle of wine and the goat cheese fritters and crispy pork belly to start, followed by the elk duo and the sea bass, and we completed the meal with the gingerbread cake. The portions are incredibly generous, and while there's a lot going on in some of the dishes, everything was meticulously composed-- the flavors never working against one another. Hardware Grill, man. Since I really loved my meal here, does that mean I've been converted into somebody who cares about where Gordon Ramsey eats and is impressed by dark, striped banquettes and giant beakers used to decant the wine? Well, no. I still could not care less about these lame, kinda old-fashioned accoutrements, but since everything we ate was delicious, presented beautifully, and cooked to perfection, I'll give the ambiance a pass. It is a bit of an older crowd and it's dark and cavernous and loud. I thought it would be a bit more romantic and intimate, but it felt more like one of your typical executive lunch standards in larger cities. But overall I would that say the traditional "fanciness" of this pricey downtown restaurant does match the big bold flavors of the dishes, and so ultimately they do pull it off. Not the greatest date destination, but a perfect place to celebrate a work victory, for sure.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,9/18/2013,38,68,,3,4>I've been to this market quite a few times even when it first opened. It's the little market that could, as it just keeps growing and improving. I really like how intimate it is-not too big or too small. The vendors are all top quality, and I always walk away with great food. I also really enjoy the food trucks as I don't think many, if any, other markets include them. I look forward to seeing where this market is headed!
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,9/17/2013,21,31,2,12,4>OMNOMNOMBBQ!That was basically the reaction of three friends, and myself, when we went to a packed Memphis Blues BBQ House a few days after its soft opening in Edmonton.When I say the place was packed, I really mean it. It's not huge, and pretty much every table was taken. We lucked out into a place to sit - but with the patio being a seasonal element, I can see it doing a lot of take away service in the winter.The experience is that you go up to the cashier and place your order (meat and drinks), then find a place to sit. When your order is ready, one of the floating wait-staff will deliver it - and they'll check up on you from time to time. If you want anything else, you wander back up to the cashier. This is also a good place to mention that as busy and harried the staff were, they were friendly and upbeat during our entire visit.The lineup was several people deep when we arrived in the evening around 7:30 PM. They were actually RUNNING OUT OF FOOD, due to a day that had been non-stop, according to the cashier, and were concerned they'd have to close up early for the night. By the time we were there, they'd run out of oysters and were almost out of chicken, and warned us we might not get any chicken - but they'd happily substitute for more of something else.Due to the how busy they were, there was about a 30-or-so minute wait for food. But we nursed our beers and chatted... and then food came.Oh the food.We ordered a platter, which is good value in a group, and you get a bit of everything to sample. But we didn't just order the basic platter - we ordered the ELVIS PLATTER. Make a note: the Elvis Platter is TOO MUCH for just four people. We valiantly tried to eat our way through the whole thing - but we fell just short when one of my friends noted we hadn't gotten any sausage on the platter, so they brought us a bunch of it. That tipped it over the edge.You guys.... the food was delicious. Some of the best BBQ I've had. The brisket was particularly good, as were the ribs, the pulled pork and the sausage. The house BBQ sauce is sweet and tangy and goes with pretty much everything. It came with three sides; beans, coleslaw and potato salad. All were great. It also came with cornbread (delicious) and a bowl of BBQ sauce.It was amazing. By the end we were groaning about what a huge - but terrific - mistake we'd made in the size of our meal.Any issues we had with Memphis Blues can largely be chalked up to growing pains: it's a few days old in Edmonton at the time of my writing this review. More importantly, the excellent staff more than compensated for a lot of the little stumbles. Expect a line when you go: but know it's well worth the wait.I'll definitely be returning to Memphis Blues - and expect the experience to be even better next time. I can see this place creeping up to my five star threshold once the kinks are worked out.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2013,9/16/2013,59,101,,4,3>Ever since Canteen opened nearly six months ago, it's been at the top of my list of places to try in Edmonton. It has come to my attention recently that my list isn't as important as I thought and a little useless if I just go based on what I'm craving for the night. Not only did it take me awhile to make my way there, it has taken me awhile to write about it! The thing is, Canteen isn't even that far from downtown, nor is it far from the north side where I live. So really, there are no excuses. Except maybe for multiple failed brunch plans but I'll blame that on Joe since my will for him to wake up in time where brunch is an adequate term never happens.We finally did make our way down to Canteen by the end of May though. Only five months late but it's better than never. Being Red Ox Inn's sister restaurant, there has been high expectations from Canteen. Unfortunately, I have never been to Red Ox Inn (yet!) so I wasn't sure what to expect. I'll let you know this first: I should have went five months ago. And multiple times afterwards. Should really stick to my list.It was packed when we arrived and with a last minute reservation for 8pm on a Tuesday night, this was a good sign for the restaurant. I was too excited about the menu to look at much else, although I loved the tabletops, which mimicked an end grain cutting board. Also noteworthy, our server offered Still Q water or sparkling water as our water options. It's $1 per person and if you weren't thinking quickly, you'd probably say "still water" and get charged. Tap water is fine for me! I would have liked it better if our server mentioned that instead of giving the two options that they charge for.We started with an appetizer: the salad of smoked whitefish complete with a soft-boiled egg, asparagus, Lactuca greens, pickled onions and mustard vinaigrette. A bit unusual for us because we almost never order salads. It was Joe's choice though as opposed to my initial instincts of ordering dessert instead. Not sure if it was the soft-boiled egg or the smoked whitefish that caught his attention, but both of them were the star of the dish. Perfectly cooked, runny yolk egg with albeit a misleading coating on the outside that would suggest it was heavily seasoned, mixed into the salad and the dressing made it oh so yummers. Where it lacked in seasoning though, it was made up for by the pieces of smoked whitefish underneath the salad. Imagine smoked salmon, but more fine-tuned. Pretty delicious and refreshing! Definitely recommended.The special for the evening was duck breast served with a goat cheese arancini, braised cabbage and a sour cherry gastrique. When our server mentioned this, I pretty much had no choice but to order it. I love duck. I think I'll order duck every time if I'm trying out a new place. It's just a better and tastier version of chicken. How can you go wrong?! (You can by the way, but that's a different story at a different restaurant). This dish was well made though, a medium cooked duck breast although a little more seasoning on the skin would be nice. Then again, if that were so, the saltiness of the goat cheese in the arancini would have made the whole dish too salty, so everything worked out nicely. The sour cherry gastrique was pretty interesting, with an unexpected smoky flavor to it to counteract a hint of tartness. Really gave a unique BBQ-esque flavor to the dish. Normally I'm not a fan of cabbage (ever) but I didn't mind the side of braised red cabbage when mixed in with the sauce.Joe ordered the Moroccan lamp chops and its presentation blew me out of the water. It. Looked. Amaaaaazing. Served alongside an eggplant caponata with hazelnut celeriac lentil salad and minted raita, it was pretty stellar. The lamb chops were cooked medium and the explosion of flavor from the outer crust of seasoning was fantastic. I know Moroccan food is supposed to have that zip in your mouth, but I'll be honest, I haven't found a lot of dishes like that in Edmonton restaurants. Our only criticism: the eggplant was a little overcooked and had that mushy eggplant texture, which neither of us were a fan of. The raita, a yogurt-based sauce, was a great contrast to the spices though and the lentils were done nicely. Given a second round, I don't think Joe would order it again, seeing that he didn't enjoy the sides as much as the lamb itself (personal preference though). I would try it again though and hope that the eggplant is not mushy!So what did I take from the dinner? A stomach filled with excellent food, a dessert side-stomach that felt abandoned, and a reminder to myself to follow my list. Next time I visit, I'll opt for a dessert because that dark chocolate terrine with creme anglais has my name written all over it.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,9/15/2013,74,399,3,2,3>I stopped here on my way out of the city, knowing that I'd be deprived of frozen yogurt for four whole days! Oh no! I had never heard of Twisted Yogurt, but I thought I'd give it a shot. And, to my surprise, I was quite happy with it.This place is your standard self-serve froyo shop. There were about eight flavours that were ALL gluten-free (even the Cake Batter flavour, which is unheard of!). One thing that was neat were the cardboard separators you could put in your bowl to keep your flavours from getting too friendly with each other.I tried almost all the flavours, but of course ended up getting a couple of my standards: plain and chocolate. The plain wasn't bad, but not as creamy as expected. The chocolate was plenty creamy and had a punch of tartness that I have never encountered with a chocolate flavour before. I loved it! I topped everything off with some fresh berries. There were tons of treats to choose from too, including several smashed up kinds of chocolate bars, so it would be almost like having a Blizzard. So while this wasn't the best froyo I've had, it was still yummy. Please build one by my apartment?
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,9/14/2013,114,46,4,6,4>I was coxed into attending this place as my wife's friend had done a special burger for the month here. I was hesitant as I had all but broke myself free of darkening the door of any burger joints anymore, I can't have one so why torment myself. This was a different story. Thy could make a burger on a Gluten free bun for me, just for me. It turns out I was not that special, many people order gluten free burgers, I was cut down from feeling special to be just average again, but I was getting a burger so I was happy.They delivered some fries to us first in a cute little grocery cart and I found it amusing. Now I could play with my food, something mother would never let me do! The fries were large and very tasty, something you could sit and gnaw on 1 at a time, well done my friends.Then came the burger, the focal point of our adventure here. I agree the gluten free bun is not as large as a regular bun, but when you have gone without a burger as long as I had anything was a win to me. Inside I found a very tasty meat patty and some of the freshest garnishings around. I have been back many times since and will continue to do so, the perk to this place is they are able to serve up some great Martinis...another big win in my book!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,9/13/2013,97,490,,5,3>Despite living about five minutes away by bicycle, I went to Battista's for the first time (outside of a Yelp event about a year ago). I work on the other side of town and I'm usually very busy on Saturday mornings and afternoons. But as my office is closed for renovations and I'm working from home, I decided to give it a try for lunch. Battista's is only open from 11-3 from Tuesday to SaturdayAnd I was impressed - my calzone was perfectly constructed - the dough was light, and slightly underdone (this is actually a good thing in my eyes). The sausage had just the right amount of heat, and the cheese was a high quality pizza mozzarella. And while there is a suggested menu, all calzones are made to order and toppings may be substituted. For instance, if you insist on having pineapple in your calzone, but you don't want the "hawaiian," you may do so.And the service is friendly - if Battista or his staff are not making calzones, he's likely chatting with his patrons.Battista's is worth going out of your way for if you like Calzones. I cannot vouch for their food truck - just the storefront.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,9/12/2013,50,288,2,5,3>I came here for lunch the other day. It was actually my first visit to the High Level Diner. I'm not sure why I haven't been here before, but nonetheless I finally made it to the High Level Diner.So as much as I love the Garneau neighbourhood parking here can be a bit of a pain, but I guess if you park in the lot across the street you can get your parking validated. I think that's what the sign said, but I parked a few blocks away on a residential street. The inside of the restaurant is, well cosy, but I don't mean that in a cramped, no space kind of way. No this is cosy, like comforting and nice kind of cosy. I definitely liked the vibe coming in here.I came for lunch at an odd time (about 3pm) but the restaurant was still pretty busy. I got seated right away, and got a water to drink. Now I drink Edmonton tap water at home, and at other restaurants, but I found the ice chips in the water I got had a funny taste, like freezer burned type of taste. The water was fine, but the ice was odd, quite strange. I got the ural burger, which is their beef burger (locally sourced I believe) with cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, and alpha sprouts. The burger is really good. It tastes fresh (not like those premade patties you can get at some places). There really isn't any sauce on the burger, which normally I wouldn't like but this burger was good place.  There is ketchup at the table. The ketchup here is made on site (and you can buy some to take home if you want). It is really good. You can taste the real tomatoes in their ketchup, unlike commercial ketchups which have that fake sugary tomato taste.  I got the side of fries, which were good, not salted too much, and went really well with the ketchup. Be warned though: the ketchup can pour out pretty quickly. Prices were generally decent for the large portion of food I got. Service was pretty quick. Looking over the menu there are a lot more dishes I'd like to try here. I'll come back again.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,9/11/2013,187,341,,4,2>One of the very, very few places open very late in this city for food. The area is quite sketchy, but I've always been able to park in front and I've never known anyone to have a problem. I've been here at 3am and there have been families with little kids there, so it can't be that bad. The menu is pretty extensive and most things I've had are good or even slightly above average. I would stay away from the wonton soup, though - worst I've ever had. I like that there are dim sum items, too. My favs are the Singapore Street Noodles and the Shanghai Noodles. Have had quite a few other dishes as well, no complaints.Service is probably better than you would expect when you're dining so late. I always at least get smiles, and the lady at the cash register is always nice.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,9/10/2013,509,247,3,6,5>The River House provided an excellent meal tonight. The chef described each dish and a wine salesmen provided different wines for each dish. The restaurant is located right in St. Albert along the Sturgeon river provided and nice outdoor setting. The interior is cozy but could use a better air conditioner as it was getting hot with the full house of customers.I found the meals well prepared but I have had better on a couple of the items. The presentation was superb for each dish prepared in this fine dining experience. I will recommend anyone to try the River House. I will be back.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,9/9/2013,6,18,2,8,3>I have been to several places for massage therapy, including mobile massages at my own home as well. Alberta Momentum is by far the best. It is conveniently located just 10 blocks from my place. and I really like to online scheduling bacuse that means I dont have to play phone tags!The place is very clean with a relaxing atmosphere.  I have been to enough massage places that I can tell if the therapist is being "impatient" or "lazy/tired" during the session. The RMTs there are very professional and always ask how my last treatment was and what how what issues I like to be treated today. I am confident to say that I have never had a bad service from them. I have always had Jennifer and Michelle and they are both awesome. Once time, I actually forgot my credit card and (I think it was Michelle at the time) did not show a single bit pressure and told me to phone her back when I get home and do an over the phone transaction. She then emailed my receipt right after.I would highly recommend this place to anyone. The one down side is that, it is very hard to get an appointment because they are always fully booked. To get in, you have to at least book 1-2 weeks in advance.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/24/2013,9/8/2013,27,31,6,6,3>MEAAAAAAAAT. I was warned ahead of time to prepare by not eating, and to pace myself. I did neither of those two things, and still survived!For the $45 per person, I was extremely pleased by the selection and quality of meal, but felt that some aspects of the experience could have used a little work. I don't need to reiterate every little piece of meat I ate (there were many), but I had a few criticisms:- $2.00 for special "filtered water" is ridiculous. I've been to other restaurants where they charge for water, but they bring out the sealed bottle and open it for you at your table, and that's fine. But if you're just bringing me out a glass of lukewarm water that looks and tastes exactly like the tap, for an extra charge? Let the city filter my water, at least I'll have received what I paid for. Further - if I paid you for my "unlimited refills" on my water, for the love of bacon-wrapped chicken, refill it instead of circling three times and assuring me that you'll remember next time.- The salad/side dish bar seemed like an afterthought, and wasn't always cohesive. The food itself was adequate, but if I wanted to pick every crouton that went into my salad individually, I'd have made it at home. Give me a damn spoon to scoop with instead of silly tongs fit for a single crouton and no more.- Despite what I've read, we received a dessert menu at the end of the meal with prices on it. Desserts are NOT included in their prices anymore.The positives:- BEEF RUMP. They slice off the deliciously crispy end piece, and when they're out of end pieces, THEY GO AND RE-FIRE IT AGAIN to be crispy. Not a bad piece to be had!- Speed of meal service. As soon as your party is seated, they give you the run-down and send you on your way. By the time you get back, they're already waiting to cut you off some meat hunks to add to your sides. We were a party of 22 people, and were all sufficiently fed with multiple helpings in around 40 minutes. AWESOME! (If the meat guys can keep up, bring me a damn water.)- Free parking underneath the building! Enter from the back alley at the Pampa sign, and find yourself a space on the first level. Note that this parkade may have been built for hobbits or gnomes or something, as there's a 5'9" height restriction. It fit my small SUV, but if we'd have been in our truck, we'd have been jockeying for a meter.Overall, I enjoyed the meal and I probably would have given this place 4 stars a few months ago. This is a place to go if you've got some hefty eaters, but there's better options out there as far as a deliciously-cooked piece of meat in Edmonton.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,9/7/2013,187,427,4,7,4>Home made perogies! I really need only stop there to get your attention, but this place warrants more words. Simply some of the best perogies I've ever had. There are 11 kinds that rotate every day. The ways to order vary, but I would recommend meal one. 8 big perogies with kubasa or cabbage rolls for $10.95. My itinerary consisted of 4 potato bacon which really is their consistent player, 2 dill cottage cheese that were the fun ones; but, the star of the show has to be the Sheppard's Pie. Simply delightful. No need to say more.Inside it looks like a drab dinner. But the staff are super friendly and the banter at lunchtime is indicative of all the diverse offices and business that surround Wendy's. Just a really cool place, that I really enjoy!
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,9/6/2013,83,11,,6,3>Okay, I'm a fan enough to build this page (as well as the Facebook page). This place brings some much needed charm to an area overrun by pawn shops, porn stores and instant loan cracks on the main streets. Nevertheless, once you enter Nosh, you are surrounded by a rich aroma of fresh spices and heat.I ordered the samosa burger. It's a clever portemanteau of a fried samosa and a burger combined, and it was tasty, filling and just crested 6 bones! Anyhow, at the risk of sounding too promotional, it could still use some help on the design and decor, but I know it was a fast opening, so it's ok by me.  ;)Overall, a nice dining experience with one element I always appreciate: Surprise. Good show.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,9/5/2013,1,19,,3,4>Today was my first visit to Rosso and I am sad....sad that I waited so long! I loved everything about Rosso. The decor is rustic, yet hip and there is all different kinds of seating. It's a very comfortable setting.The food was FANTASTIC. I am happy as long as food is fresh and homemade and Rosso hit the mark. I had the tomato soup which had small chunks of asiago and parmesan in it and was topped with a tiny bit of shaved chocolate. Yes, chocolate! It really complimented the tomato nicely and was very subtle. I also had the chickpea salad that bursted with flavour from fresh parsley and sun-dried tomatoes.I found the meal to be very well priced and the service was great. I will be returning to Rosso very soon!
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,9/4/2013,15,131,,3,4>Thanh Thanh is the best Vietnamese restaurant in Edmonton. They have super super quick service (it takes 5-10 minutes to get your food) and it always tastes amazing! My favourite dish is the tofu with lemongrass and peppers ($12.00). It has just the right amount of spice and an extreme amount of flavour. Do check Thanh Thanh out if you have a chance.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,9/3/2013,18,17,,4,3>I have been wanting to go to Co Co Di for ages.  I love Mediterranean food, Shisha is fun, and the atmosphere in there is so inviting!  I finally got to try it a couple of weeks ago and was not disappointed.First of all, the place is RED.  Really red.  This helps to create the unique atmosphere of the place and I hope it never changes.  We were able to get one of the window booths that look out onto Jasper ave, so there was lots of good people watching included in our meal.  They only had apple Shisha that night, but I really enjoyed the flavor.  We had enough to last us throughout dinner and for a while afterwards.The wine list sucks.  It's unfortunate.  I'm not going to let it stop me from returning but I hope they address it.  Seriously.I had the lamb chops, which were delicious.  I like a meal that takes a bit of work to deconstruct and eat properly.  This is not a meal for people who never learned how to properly use their knife and fork.  I did find a few of the chops to be a bit fatty for my taste, but I am pretty finicky about my preference for lean cuts of meat.  They were spiced BEAUTIFULLY and tasted incredible.  My friend had the beef shawarma platter and was able to take home an entire meal.  We had tabbouleh on the side and it is so good there, a definite recommendation.Our waitress was adorable.  She was attentive, friendly but not overly chatty.  She seemed like a genuinely sweet person.  It made me want to go back there.All in all I really enjoyed my experience at Co Co Di.  Sure there are a couple things that were less than perfect (i.e the slightly fatty meat and TERRIBLE wine selection) but nothing big enough to stop me from giving it two thumbs up!
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,9/2/2013,13,74,1,3,3>I'm a huge fan of Transcend and all my friends know it! They really take coffee to the next level. Ask one of their barista's how their coffee is different from other places and prepare to be impressed -- these guys know their stuff!The staff is always so friendly. I've been a regular there long enough now to have seen many different faces come and go, some have even come back again! They're always smiling and very pleasant to talk to. One has even remembered my name, that I go to school, my favourite cup, among other things. I feel so bad... I can't even remember her name...The coffee is truly delicious. My favourite is the mocha. Made with real chocolate it is my ultimate all-time favourite of any shop, anywhere. The clover coffee is always worth trying. The different blends of coffee can really be distinguished when you make the coffee RIGHT -- that's what the clover coffee maker is all about. None of that flavoured crap you get at other stores.Anyone who truly appreciates good coffee will enjoy a visit to Transcend. I recommend everyone who drinks coffee should drink Transcend at least once.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,9/1/2013,14,139,,4,2>My work for has ordered sandwich platters etc from this place for various lunches so I've tried almost all their sandwiches and they are all amazing and incredibly unique compared the typical ham sandwiches you would see on a sandwich platter. Everything tasted super fresh and the ingredients were awesome! I only recently went to the restaurant and had their beef shawarma, which was good, but I've had better (however definitely not as healthy as this place). I also had their garlic potatoes with garlic sauce.. too die for. Also, the owner was the guy taking our orders and was super friendly and seemed to know half the people walking in the door and was actually sitting down at people's tables when it was slow. I struggled with whether or not give this place 5 stars so definitely try this place out.TIP: Get the hot sauce if you get the chicken or beef shawarma!
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,8/31/2013,11,73,2,6,4>I did not know about anything about authentic German cuisine until I met my SO. He took me here for our first Valentine's Day. We've been back many times to celebrate other occasions throughout the years. It is Edmonton's best kept secret as it's already a busy place without being advertised. Reservations are highly recommended as walk-ins would be turned away.My fiance's all-time favourite is their Farmer's feast. It's got almost everything. Huge portions! They also have got something for vegetarians, but not for vegans. (Deep fried cheese and fried mushrooms; delicious when dipped in ketchup!)I love their salad. Maybe it's their secret dressing, but I always wished there was more salad. I usually get their dumplings to go with my main course. Yum!If you are able to come hungry, start with their paprika goulash -- it is to die for!I also agree a previous reviewer in regards to the Paprika Hendel; it is delicious.Music is always gorgeous -- classical and very fitting to a nice family dinner or a romantic dinner for two. When I can't finish my meal, the waiter/waitress packs my food up in a beautiful foil swan. How adorable!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,8/30/2013,31,99,2,6,4>I'm embarrassed to say that I've lived a mere few blocks from the City Market (located on 104th st, north of Jasper during the spring/summer) and I visited it for the first time  just last weekend. I knew it would be good, that's why I had never visited it before (that's what I keep telling myself).Anyway, I armed myself up with a big reusable grocery bag and headed down with a wad of cash to spend. I couldn't believe the number of vendors that were available, the array of different products and the fantastic value in all the produce and yummy foods. From fresh pasta, gorgeous well-priced produce, amazing beef jerky and delicious hummus/pita breads, I was able to buy a whole week's worth of groceries at a fraction of the cost while supporting Edmonton businesses. Yay!I loved the "feel" of the city market, they had live music, face painting/balloons for the kids, tons of the street businesses opened up and thriving, food trucks, cute dogs walking about and the crowds weren't insane (and this was at 11AM). Some of my favorite vendors were definitely The Happy Camel, Pasta by Caterina, Bloom Cookies, Heritage Doughnuts and Sundog Organic Farms.I will be back!!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/22/2013,8/29/2013,40,145,,4,2>Japonais is very unique. It's unique because they've realized they need to be different to be a step above Edmonton's already established Japanese restaurant market.So, they chose, in my opinion a pretty trendy neighborhood off Jasper Ave. Located where the old Suede used to be, you can't miss it as you drive in and out of downtown.Décor, it's hitting high notes with brick walls, wooden accents and hip jazz playing in the restaurant. I feel like having Scotch on the rocks as I stroke my non-existing mustache. What's even a bigger bonus is a functional patio.I'm not an expert on Japanese liquors so we decided to not pull the trigger on the sake. The sake can range from 13 dollars for 300 mls to a whopping 45 for a bottle. We ordered a jug of Sapporo which sadly if bought in Canada, you're more likely to be tasting Beer crafted in Guelph, Ontario rather than Japan. For 25 bucks, you get about 6 pints.Next, we ordered some appies, and entrées and rolls. The fried tofu was ok. It was fried, it was soft, everything you expect from a fried tofu dish. Nothing to write home about. The sauce could have left a better impression but it wasn't detracting.The tuna tataki. This is where it kind of all fell apart. The fried shallots were a nice touch but the pieces itself were hacked up pretty good. It seemed like the chef was using a bad knife because the ends of the pieces weren't cut cleanly. The portions itself were actually pretty minimum. If you'd like to compare quantity as well as quality, I would urge you to order the tuna tataki from Cactus Club and compare it here. The difference is quite high and surprisingly better at Cactus considering it's not even a Japanese restaurant.We ordered 6 oysters and I've never eaten cold oysters before but I'm very sure my description of it should not be like sticking your head in a dirty beach. It honestly tasted and smelled fishy.We had also ordered the chicken karage. Battered and toasty hot, I'm glad the pieces of chicken were plentiful.We ordered the chef's assortment of sashimi. Presentation was creatively put together with squid lying in a champagne flute. The sashimi was fine although I felt the quality is not as high as Furosato or Sushi Wasabi.Our main entrées were random maki rolls. Although I don't remember the names, I believe these were thoughtfully crafted and were probably the highlight of the meal. My only concern was the maki rolls with tuna or salmon wrapped around the roll were on the thin side and wasn't as fresh as I'd hope for.If you have room, definitely check out the matcha creme brulé. The caramelized sugar was a perfect balance to the bitter matcha.Creatively appeasing and above average in taste, I would recommend anyone curious to check out the new Japanese flavor. Just be prepared to dig deep into those wallets: bill came out to about $52 per person.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,8/27/2013,85,49,,2,3>I just love this place!I'm very tall and due to my job I always have to bend over and it causes alot of stress on my shoulders and lower back. This place has such a great, friendly and knowledgable staff that I arrive with a sore back and leave like a new person.They help me so much I try visit them weekly!!!Thanks guys for doing such a great job and helping me feel like a new person!!
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,8/26/2013,12,34,2,14,10>Again, I discovered this place via a Living Social voucher, and boy, do I feel lucky. I absolutely love this place. I only wish it wasn't a half hour drive to get to them. I initially went here for laser hair removal, which was done with professionalism and knowledge. Since then, I have been back for wraps, facials, pedi and mani, and massages. It is so easy to get an appointment. I have called a day before and been able to get what I wanted. Anyone that has ever answered the phone is friendly and professional. I have mostly dealt with Rachelle D, who is just exceptional. She is just so friendly, very knowledgeable about the services she does, and can recommend and explain any of the products you are interested in. I can't say enough good things about her. I had a massage once with Stephanie, and it was heavenly. Perfect pressure, dimmed lights, soft music, and heated oil all made for a relaxing massage.The atmosphere and décor is that of a true spa feeling. The attention to detail is quite impressive. The waiting room is so awesome, and they provide you with bottled water and snacks. The robes are so soft. They have themed rooms, all of which are just so beautiful. They usually have daily deals (appts that peeps have had to cancel)  that you can find on their website that offer you a great discount. I absolutely would recommend this spa to anyone.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,8/25/2013,115,132,,5,2>I now know what to expect from a home cooked Italian dinner. Six courses, 4 of which could have been a main entree on it's own all put together in a 3 hour extravaganza!The set menu was as large as the venue itself. The size of the antipasta course should have been a precursor to the marathon dinner we were about to embark on. A slice of handmade flatbread, two slices of cheese, two slices of Coppa (Capicola), and a sizable Arancini riceball garnished with 2 spicy olives cured in house. It's a good thing our group of 4 were really hungry because this smoothed the edge off our hunger.This was followed by 2 rustic pasta courses. You could tell that both were made in house because handmade pasta is never cooked 'al dente'. Coated in a rich cheesy sauce but also giving pops of brightness from green peas these pasta courses definitely filled us up. It was good to have a little break before the main entree. Braised Beef Short Rib served with the bone can't get any more rustic. The brightness to contrast the rich beef was brought by thinly slices pears and lightly tossed arugula. The pairing complimented each other perfectly. I was sad because the short rib serving was so large I couldn't finish it all. You should never waste amazing local Alberta braised beef!To cleanse our palate we received a citrus sorbetto that was light and refreshing. I guess this could be considered the first of 3 desserts. The second was a doughnut style pastry with a dollop of Nutella. Great combination but the doughnut was slightly chewy and I couldn't cut it with my fork so I just picked it up and took bites like I would a doughnut. There was also a carrot cake that wasn't my favorite but I've never really liked carrot cake so maybe I'm biased.The food was amazing and plentiful but when you consider it only cost $35 you realize the true value of what you experienced. I'm not sure how much longer they will be able to give so much food for so little money but I'd urge you to go try while it lasts!Dinners are only on weekend evenings (Friday or Saturday) and you need to call in advance to reserve your spot.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,8/24/2013,220,814,,4,1>I have been to Garden Bakery numerous time to enjoy the delicious assortment of baked goods, but never had an actual meal here. That changed yesterday when I headed upstairs to have lunch.We were seated by a very friendly waitress. Looking at the overwhelming menu - pages and  pages with dense lists of soups, snacks, entrees, beverages, rice dishes, congees, barbecue, rice dishes, and just about anything else you can think of, it took us quite a while to decide upon what we would have.When we finally did, we decided to stick with the tried and true - he had lemon chicken while I had Szechuan beef on rice.The lemon chicken was a large potion, cut up with covered in a lemon sauce that was not too sweet. The chicken was a little on the chewy side and overcooked in some spots, but overall it was crispy and delicious. A word to describe my meal is: mountain. For $9 I had a huge pile of white steamed rice covered in crispy beef shreds and vegetables. I would have labelled the meal ginger beef, as the sauce had a mild and pleasant ginger taste, while Szechuan beef tends to be spicier. That aside, it was wonderful. The sauce enhanced the rice and there was no way I was going to be able to finish the entire meal. Fortunately, I was eating with someone who has a never-ending appetite, so little went to waste (although I am sure for both of us much of it went to waist).Afterwards, we strolled through the downstairs bakery area and picked out a few items. I enjoyed some sweet buns, caked slices, bean cakes, and other treats for several days after.Prices in the restaurant are very reasonable. Individual dishes are no more than around $12 at the most, with a variety of snack dishes and smaller items that are very inexpensive. Garden Bakery would be a great place to go with a group to share a wide variety of food.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,8/23/2013,85,580,,6,2>I like coming to Coup not only for the fashion and style but even just to walk through the beautiful and calming space. There is usually only one sales staff behind the counter but they always greet me and explain the general layout of the store and mention any sales they might be having then. The store is always impeccably neat and minimal.It's true that some of the pieces here cost quite a bit and I would normally balk at similar prices, but everything here is of high quality. Anything you buy here, you buy for life! If you absolutely loved a piece, could wear it with multiple existing pieces in your current wardrobe and took care of it properly, I think it could be very worthwhile to invest in. The clothing here has clean, simple lines that often could be paired with many other pieces.I find they always have a section of items on sale too, usually near the windows. You can usually find a few good pieces from the previous season at marked down prices. Coup also occasionally puts on pop-up sales at other various locations around the city and a shopping party around the holiday season. You can find out about these ahead of time if you sign up for their email.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,8/22/2013,35,101,1,7,5>Wow.  What can I say about Niche that hasn't already been said?  While any other joint as small as this would be cramped, Niche is charming and quaint.  The serving staff were fantastic, and the food....GOOD SWEET ZOMBIE JESUS, THE FOOD!!!!!  I was here for a Yelp CMYE event, where the menu was somewhat limited, as the chef was previewing the new spring menu, but everything was fantastic.  I opted for the corn chowder/custard appetizer,  the wild boar bacon and lobster risotto, and the flourless brownie for dessert.Spectacular.  Stunning.  Some other positive descriptive word beginning with "S".I normally avoid the downtown area like the plague, but I would absolutely venture back in order to return to Niche.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2011,8/21/2013,36,173,2,8,4>I just cannot for the life of me bring myself to give this place anything less than 5 stars - but it is definitely not a 5 star zoo!  Last time I was there it was clear that improvements were in the works so I can't wait to see the final result of all this.The exhibits are on the smaller side and the zoo as a whole is not huge - I can walk through it all in about 3 hours.  The animals seem to be well cared for in clean enclosures and the staff seem to be knowledgeable and caring.   I enjoy the primate house - I could sit and watch those little guys scurrying around all day (especially the lemurs)!  Very child oriented as well which I think is great - I think there is a lot of value in getting children to appreciate/respect animals at a young age!If even a fraction of the admission prices (which I find are reasonable) goes towards animal welfare I am ALL IN!!  The experience itself is worth the price to me - who wouldn't want to help out a good cause if you can have a blast doing it?!  In comparison to some of the larger, more popular zoos, this one may seem like a disappointment but, regardless, it is an awesome way to spend a few hours on a weekend in Edmonton!!  Would be really happy to see another elephant or two brought in to keep our beloved Lucy company once they have the resources in place to do so!
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,8/20/2013,2,5,,10,4>I love this flower shop! The owner is incredibly talented, professional and is quite accommodating to the customer.  The prices are comparable to other florist shops. I was looking for florists for a friend's wedding, and after checking out around FIFTEEN different places this is easily the highest Quality for the lowest price. It is not often you get this kind of balance between talent and affordability. Take a moment to check out the portfolio in the store or photos on Facebook, it is completely worth your time. Creative and beautifully arranged florals, as well as excellent customer service. I am definitely going to be an ongoing customer.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,8/19/2013,82,54,1,5,4>To be honest, I find the world of cheese kind of intimidating. There's a lot to take in, once you decide to move past the cheddar and mozza that most of us grow up with. So many smells and tastes!I've learned to deal with my cheese fear by asking questions! And the staff at Paddy's are great at answering those questions and offering suggestions for what might pair well with what we're cooking. And they're never stingy with the samples. I have a special hate for the parking situation, though. Walk there and save yourself some stress.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,8/18/2013,25,260,3,6,2>Went to Slice Pizzeria for the first time with a group of 7 on Canada Day. According to their little bio on their menu, the idea/concept is based from California. Anyways, the place only had a few people in it. Not surprising as the restaurant is located in Milhoods (that's right I spelt it that way). Anyways, for the food, we decided to share a few pizzas and order a few pitchers of beer to celebrate the ol red and white festivities. I like how they have the number of slices on the menu for each size offering (ie. XL = 16 slices).- Three of us shared a "spicy wonder" XL ($25) - nice heat to it from the jalapenos, good amount of cheese, onion and pepperoni. NOTE: If your hungry or dudes (like my two other buddies that I shared this with), go with the XL. It's not as big as you may think. 5 slices each is good enough for me though. - Three shared one of the "created your own" pizzas large ($18 + $2 for extra toppings).- One had the "supreme" mini ($13) - comes with cheese, salami, pepperoni, mushrooms, bell peppers, onions, olives, chorizo and italian sausage. My friend didn't want the Italian sausage but they were nice enough to put it on the side and give it to another friend that wanted to eat it!- 2x on tap beer pitchers ($16 each) - choose Rickard's Red, Molson or Coors for your tasting pleasure...not.The pizza's were good. Not greasy, good amount of cheese, nice crunch and doughyness to it. If you live in the Milwoods area, definitely go check it out over any of the lame Edmonton pizza chains. The owner/chef came out to talk to us after our meal and told us everything is made in house and fresh everyday.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,8/17/2013,34,76,4,6,5>I had my first, but most definitely not my last experience at Rge Rd last week. We had a range of appetizers and entrees, and every single bite was outstanding. Some of the highlights were the green bean salad, with lemon curd, pecorino, and a poached egg on top. I'd go back for that dish alone. The tomato salad, homemade sausages, pheasant stew, and charcuterie board were all great. It's been a long time since I've been this impressed with a new restaurant opening in Edmonton, but I suspect we'll all be talking about Rge Rd in conversations about the best restaurant in town very soon.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,8/16/2013,36,208,,3,2>I'll be honest, I'm not crazy about Farmers Markets but I have been to almost all of them around the Edmonton area and the St. Albert Market is the best. Compared to the others, it's for sure the largest and also has the most variety of goods offered from your standard produce vendors to homemade crafts to more unique vendors that sell greeting cards. The number of stalls at this market is almost overwhelming but definitely doable. There's something about Farmers Markets that, on a nice day, everyone seems to be having a great time.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2013,8/15/2013,24,122,1,2,3>It's been a few months, and I'm back up to update my review of Papyrus.  I wrote a detailed account of my experience ordering wedding invitations from William Arthur through Papyrus in my previous review, and wanted to update on how the whole thing turned out.  It was a long process to finally get my invitations correct.  There were problems placing the order, and then an incredible amount of errors with the invitation proofs.  I was able to get additional proofs free of charge, as I was not at fault for the problems with the invites.  From the time I placed the order to the time of receiving the final proof was just about five weeks.  Once approved, the invitations arrived at the store in less than a week - minus the extra envelopes I had ordered. I asked the store to call the company, and in 4-5 business days the extra envelopes arrived, complete with bonus lining and return address printing (I had only paid for plain envelopes).  The invites are beautiful, and came with tissue paper to put with them in the envelopes, which I loved.After pricing out wedding programs at other places, I still found William Arthur to have the best prices, and decided to risk another go-around with the store by ordering them through Papyrus.  My experience with the programs was completely different.  The proofs arrived in less than a week and required only a very minor change with spacing.  I had the programs a week and a half after I approved the proof for printing.  To give them the benefit of the doubt, perhaps this is more representative of the average custom print order experience at Papyrus.  I also gave the store a digital copy of the program wording to speed things up - I don't know if this helped or not.  The store staff were very friendly while helping me sort through the mess of my invites, and this along with the painless and easy process of ordering the programs bumps them up one star.  Would I recommend using Papyrus to order wedding materials?  Yes, with only minor hesitation - not for brides in a rush, or brides too impatient to carefully proofread their printing order.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,8/14/2013,41,93,3,4,3>Ok, I confess up front. I don't golf. I have never golfed this golf course. Now that we have that out of the way, I can tell you that this golf course is a gem in the middle of Sherwood Park. It is tucked so well into the hamlet that it is easy to even forget it is there - unless you live in one of the houses along its edge I suppose.The Sherwood Park Chamber had their networking breakfast at Broadmoor the other day and I was reminded just how nice it is. Big, bright windows overlooking rolling green... links? or whatever it is there are called. Lots of green stuff. The food was simple but good and the service was efficient and discreet - nothing worse than having someone lumber around pouring coffee or clanking dishes when someone is talking.If the atmosphere of the course and the professionalism of the staff are any indication, I am sure they have really good... greens? holes? The putt-putt-stuff.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,8/13/2013,65,170,3,9,6>Elm Cafe serves the best sandwiches in the city.  Actually, if I were ranking my top 10 favorite sandwiches ever, items from Elm Cafe would make the list several times.  Their creative combinations of flavours using impeccably fresh ingredients have, on numerous occasions, left me almost dizzy with delight after partaking of such savoriness and oomph.  The only downsides to Elm are the space itself (serious lacking in elbow room) and the attitudes of the staff (seriously lacking in tact and general courtesy).  I probably would go to Elm more often, but I don't particularly want to have to endure a long wait only to endure bad hipster attitudes.But the sandwiches are outstanding. Really, truly outstanding.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,8/12/2013,24,223,,2,4>Our wedding was perfect. The venue was spectacular, as always, and the staff were wonderful for the whole event. We had full access to all areas of the museum for photos, and even got to take pictures inside some of the planes. If you have a wedding, or any event, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the museum. The hangar was perfect for the reception, the museum provided and exceptional backdrop for our ceremony, and our guests couldn't stop raving about the whole event. This remains one of my favourite places in the city, and it just has extra meaning for us now. Pictures will be posted as soon  a we get them back!
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,8/11/2013,49,256,3,5,4>Over the past year I have been making some big changes to my lifestyle, including the way I eat, and I have to say I had fallen out of love with eating out. Where I used to see a tasty treat I now see overpriced, unsatisfying junk food, that both tastes worse and is worse for me than the raw organic food I have at home. Noorish, however, really exceeded my expectations in this regard. A friend and I have visited a couple times now, and I've got nothing but good things to say.The service here is great, and even though my friend and I did not make reservations we were able to find seats quickly (I would recommend having a reservation for parties exceeding two, however). The restaurant is cozy and comfortable, and feels isolated from the busy world outside despite being located right on 109th street.The food here is delicious, it's reasonably priced, and best of all, I feel like I'm eating something that is good for my body. Not just mentally, but physically, I feel great after eating here. There are some things that I incorporate into my diet that are not served at Noorish (milk and cheese, for example), but their vegan alternatives are actually surprisingly delicious and, even better, do not contain any soy products. The rose cacao kiss (it's like hot chocolate) is heavenly, seriously. I have had it both times I've visited, and it's just amazing. Not too bitter or too sweet, and it has a really relaxing effect on me. I thought you needed wine for that! The meals here give me ideas for my own kitchen, and the dessert I tried (coconut kiwi lime pie) was one of the best desserts I've ever had. Yes, that's including traditional junk food!Maybe next I will have to try the yoga. Definitely a great place!
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,8/10/2013,9,37,2,4,1>Believe the great reviews, people! Duchess is in the top three retail experiences I've had since moving to this town last year. I find that their prices are no higher than other places around town; the difference with Duchess is that their prices are entirely justified by the quality of what you get. Everything I've ever purchased there has been excellent, I've never once been disappointed. The croissants are amongst the best I've ever had anywhere, the cracked pepper and cheese scone is to die for, the ginger cookies are excellent...anyway I could go on and on. I'm just glad I don't live anywhere near the shop because it would be terrible for my waistline. I can't wait until I have an occasion that necessitates me purchasing one of their large tarts or cakes! I am knocking off a star because the service can be slightly unpleasant and confusing sometimes. It's also a bit of a snotty stroller mommy hangout, just for those of you that get annoyed by that kind of thing.Yay for Duchess!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,8/9/2013,49,120,,4,4>Way to go, Yelpers! I kept seeing review after review here for this place, and kept chatting it up to Al, hoping we'd get there someday. Last night was the night! Wanting to get off the road and out of the snow, we decided to stop in for dinner.  We weren't greeted immediately upon arrival, but once we were, our waitress was very attentive, especially when she found out it was our first visit. Al was excited about all the liquor choices, and ordered a Laphroaig, one of his favorites. Not being a big Scotch drinker, I ordered a Tempranillo, one of my favorite wines. He had a Steak and Mushroom Pie, which looked really good. I ordered the mix-and-match 5-feature Cheese and Charcuterie Plate (you can pick anything from 2 to 5 of the choices). And also the Tomato and Bacon Soup. What a perfect choice! For cheese, I picked the Brie and the Chevre. For charcuterie, I chose the Lobster and Asparagus Mousse, Hungarian Salami, and Prosciutto di Parma. Along with these items were several dollops of various spreads, including a dill mustard, a cranberry relish, some sort of chutney (fig, I think?), a very strong stone ground mustard, some delicious pesto, and some sort of clear, jelly-like seasoned thing I've forgotten the name of. Some very soft, porous bread was served with. It was absolutely fabulous! The tomato soup was to die for. The tomatoes had a smoky quality to them, very flavorful and hot. They were garnished by a massive clump of thick, chunky, cubed bacon and pesto oil. It was an amazing pick for a snowy evening. DO try it. You won't be sorry. This was an amazing meal. We'll definitely be back.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,8/8/2013,4,44,,3,4>This place is my second home, I visit every Sunday night, they know me by name, and they always provide me with my preferred seating spot. There are various theme nights such as Bingo, but Comedy on Sundays hosted by Lars Callieou brings me back every single week for years. Saturdays this place gets wild, club style.This is a pub-style sit-down bar, with plenty of at-the-bar seating as well as many tables. There are several televisions, and even projectors when a big game is on.There's tons of beer but it's the food that makes the menu great. Guinness Potato Skins and The Bunless Burger are just some of the exceptional items, along with all of the classic bar food like enormous plates of nachos, club sandwiches, and perfectly seasoned wings.The staff is beyond nice. I'm a patron for life.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,8/7/2013,68,383,,3,3>I had my first experience with the Commonwealth rec center over the weekend and left feeling very impressed. It's clean as well as bright and all the fitness equipment looks brand new. It didn't appear to be too crowded up there so it would be a great place for more self conscious fitness buffs who don't enjoy sweating with a crowd. If you're not into equipment there is a large offering of different fitness classes as well as a basketball court and soccer field outside. I myself was there to swim this time around.The pool is kind of different from what I am used too. It's split off into three different pools one for small kids,one for lane swim,and one deeper pool for the rest of us. Part of the lane swim pool is used for the climbing wall but I didn't get the chance to try that out. I did find the deeper pool to be a bit small and congested. There are lots of life guards to regulate the behaviour but it is still hard to do a full length without bumping into somebody. I am originally from Leduc and prefer the one extra large pool they have there at the LRC versus what they have going on at the Commonwealth. There is also a water slide there I did try out a few times. There is no lifeguard at the top however just a light that flashes green when the rider before you is off the slide and it is safe for you to go. If I were a parent I would be leery to let small children up there by themselves as they might not notice the light initially.All in all though I think the Commonwealth is an amazing rec center and I hope it has continued success and helps change the image of the neighbourhood surrounding Stadium.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,8/6/2013,14,108,10,4,1>If you're considering Laser Eye surgery then I highly recommend King Lasik. This business caused a bit of a stir with Yelp last year when a million 5 star reviews by writers with no previous contributions to Yelp suddenly appeared. It seemed a little suspicious for obvious reasons. After having been a patient here myself I can totally understand now why so many people were inclined to write those positive testimonials. Even though I'm sure all of those reviews were solicited.I don't have anything more to say about the layout and creature comforts of the place that Kristin K hasn't already mentioned in her detailed review. I would like to reiterate that the staff are so very professional, courteous, and laid-back. This goes for the administrative staff as well as for Dr Mah and Dr King.The only negative I can think of, and it's a small one, is that they should make it more clear when the patient needs to have their prescription eye-drops. The email that they send out prior to the surgery states that they they can fax your prescription in to your chosen pharmacy prior to the surgery. Otherwise you will be given your prescription when you arrive on your surgery day. So I picked a pharmacy and they faxed the prescription in, as promised, and I elected to have my wife pick up the meds immediately after my surgery. Too easy. So I show up to King Lasik on the day of the event and they ask if I have my meds. I reply that I do not have them yet but my wife will be getting them soon. The response was that they would rather the patient already have the prescription in hand prior to the surgery. Well which is it? Like I said, minor detail.Great experience overall. I'm now part of the post-laser eye surgery cult. I also own a Mac and am a certified CrossFit® trainer. I officially no longer have a mind of my own. The Kool-Aid tastes great.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,8/5/2013,31,151,,4,3>This is a new-ish parking lot at the Edmonton International Airport. It looks like it's really far away from the airport (first left at the lights when exiting QE2 southbound), but trust me, it's awesome. Why? Let me tell you:1) If you are flying WestJet, you can check in right there! You can drop off your luggage to the attendant just like if you were in the airport. 2) Cheaper than the regular airport lot parking. Park yourself for $9.50/day or they will valet park for $11 (something like that).3) Save $$ with coupons from their website. Apparently you can also save if you reserve your spot ahead of time, but I didn't see a difference in price.4) Frequent shuttle buses to and from the airport, plus there are several different drop-off spots within the parking lot. 5) A cell phone lot where you can wait for up to 45 minutes if you are picking someone up. Free!6) A nice waiting area inside with couches, water and coffee.Highly recommended!!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,8/4/2013,94,253,5,8,6>Domo-origato, Izakaya Tomo! This place is quite unlike any preexisting Edmonton eatery. The vibe is Japanese minimalist, with lots of wood, toned-down light fixtures, and (get this...heated toilet seats...they aren't just a rumour). Tomo's menu features a delectable selection of Japanese "small plates" that are perfect for sharing. Takoyaki (octopus dumplings) are hot, tender, and kissed by spicy mayo. Tempura shrimp rolls are a crisp riot of flavours. Japanese-style salad rolls with avocado might just be my favourite version of salad rolls ever. BBQ eel on rice with mountain potato was the only miss, but that might just be my personal preference. The eel and rice were lovely, but the mountain potato appeared to be a gelatinous whitish goo. The texture was quite off-putting. For beverages, try the sake sampler. At $7 for three different types, it's a steal. Plus, it is remarkable to perceive how different the various types of sake are when, superficially, they are all clear liquids. Finish with vanilla ice cream with plum sauce and a shot of iced plum wine. The price tag won't leave you weeping either.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,8/3/2013,164,49,3,5,4>Just about to drift off to sleep, snuggling with the wife when she says "OMG you've got wicked garlic breath" and immediately we begin to relive our night out."it must have been the caesar salad" I said$10 for a larger starter salad.  Delicious with anchovie paste.  Just the right amount of everything."and the calamari was delicious!" she remembers.  I generally do not like much seafood but wanted to try a little.  Not rubbery, not hard, but just right. Didn't care much for the tomato dipping sauce, but the most enjoyable calamari I've ever had.   I smiled as I remembered how she fed the last few pieces to me."I really liked my 4 cheese ravioli with mushroom.  I enjoyed each piece as I slowly consumed the plate" She had a seafood pasta. just the right amount of spice...  a little, not a lot. Nice as wellThe room was cozy. Enough for a couple of long family tables that seat what looked like 20 or 25 people and then a few single tables filled the remaining space.Waitress was nice. Efficient, quick, polite and followed up regularly.2 Meals, 2 Appetizers, 1 tea (Earl Grey), no alcohol $75 with tip."we'll have to make Sorrentino's a new regular spot" she says"Maybe," I say, inhaling ever so slightly... "good night my love"
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2013,8/2/2013,40,61,5,3,2>Due in part to fee extortion at the last gym I went to, I don't use locker rooms anymore.  So, my more positive opinion of the Terwillegar Rec Centre may be swayed by not seeing the terror that is the change rooms.  TCRC may be pricey and crowded (most working visitors will rarely find it less than busy), but it has a wide range to offer and a friendly staff that more than make up for these inconveniences.The cardio/weight area of the centre is where I spend most of my time, and it is fantastic.  While I am somewhat hesitant to call it state-of-the-art (I've seen most of the equipment here at other facilities), it is very well-equipped, and clean.  There are two large free-weight sections, a plethora of weight machines, stretching machines, and a matted area along with running and cycling machines.  There is a TRX assembly and resistance cords as well for those so inclined.I do have a few griefs with the weight area - like other reviewers have stated, it is not logically laid out, many of the machines (arms, shoulders, legs) are all grouped together, and oft times, you'll find yourself traveling to all areas of the weight area to complete your workout.  I'm really not sure exactly why, but TCRC seems to have a high abundance of "gym monkeys" - you know, individuals with Buick size biceps (Today I'm going to go for 300 pounds using only my teeth), who constantly drop weights (one of my pet peeves), and make bizarre exertion grunts (rawgh!).   Notice I didn't say jocks - I've yet to encounter any rude or harassing behavior from any of the patrons here, and I'm sure these guys are actually great people.  Yet, for the shy and those just beginning their journey to fitness, this machismo may prove quite intimidating.Regardless, if you're in the area, and you have fitness needs, this centre will more than keep you covered.  At a price, of course.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,8/1/2013,45,119,,3,3>You wouldn't be able to tell by looking at it, but Clarke Field is actually probably one of the oldest sporting facilities in the city. It's been around since 1938 and was the former home of the Edmonton Eskimos. Now it is the home of Edmonton's pro soccer team, FC Edmonton. It's also a popular venue for high school football games and I believe the Esks still practice there. The facilities basically consist of one building that has washrooms, dressing rooms and a concession. The building doubles as stands with a press box at the very top. I'm not sure when it was built (definitely not 1938!) but it's pretty modern. I actually overheard someone commenting that the stadium was built in the last year. Although that's definitely not true, it speaks to the shape that it's in. It had a capacity a little over 1000 people all on bench seating, until last week. Since it's now the home to FC Edmonton, the team has invested in expanding the number of seats. They've put in fixed-back seats on the east side of the field which increases the capacity to more than 4000.  The sight lines are all good and the stands are very close to the field, so you do get to hear a lot of the banter that goes on between players if you sit in the closer rows. For FCE games, there are usually a few options for food. There's always Fat Franks at the very least but other local food trucks make appearances too.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,7/31/2013,33,149,,5,2>I've been (or rather my dog has been) to several places in the city for doggie daycare. This place is the best!Sometimes my dog is shy going in -- we think though that it's not because she's not happy to be there, but because the door she has to go through is big and white and scary to her ... They host Sunday dogwalks every few weeks, so you can get to know the other dogs and the other owners.You have the option of having your dogs' claws trimmed, having your dog bathed, having your dog put on the treadmill for fifteen minutes, or having an infrared session for the older puppy who wants some happier joints.The people working there are solid reliable people, always the same (ie., they're staying put, which means they're paid well enough and happy), and always kind and helpful.There's also the ability to board your dogs.There's also a few bags of food available for sale (the brand we buy, even -- an Alberta-based brand!), as well as some cute dog coats, a few leashes, and the always-needed doggie poop bags.Come to Posh Pooch, you won't be disappointed!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,7/30/2013,20,116,1,8,3>Good Stuff opened recently and I am SO glad!!  Besides it being within walking distance from my place, the owner, Mavis Begquist is so very nice and quite helpful :-)  She carries really good pieces (wide range of designer and also "regular" pieces from Banana Republic, for example) and for each time I have gone, I have managed to find something that is within my budget and to my liking.  Her shop carries a wide variety of styles without being packed to the rafters and in fact, her place is a nice boutique size with ample parking (she is off the round about at 107Ave & 142Str).  I have also seen her interact with consigners which is also very good.  Like all consignment shops, each one needs to be "selective" in what they take in and my observation of the conversation had with one of her consigners was quite diplomatic for the pieces she felt she couldn't take and also for those pieces she would, very happy to do so seeming positive about their "sellability" :-)  In fact, it seemed like someone was already eyeing something just brought in by the person with whom Mrs. Begquist was speaking.I go in every few weeks now to see what is "new" and she is always quite helpful in pointing out things that may be to my liking (since she asks if there is something I am looking for).  Glad to have her and the shop in the neighbourhood!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,7/28/2013,292,404,,10,6>Cibo is right up there, when it comes to fine dining Italian food experience.  There's often an instant comparison made between Corso 32 and Cibo as they are Edmonton's new Italian fine dining joints.  I certainly think there's room for two, maybe even more fine dining Italian restaurants and Cibo has proved this with their excellent service and delicious food. I always try to do the entire 4-5 course meal when I visit a good Italian joint and so me and my date proceeded with that.  We started with the house cures which were amazing.  Any place that cures their meat in-house gets an A for effort from me, and theirs was actually REALLY good.  It's a great antipasti to order!In the pasta course we went with Papparedelle bolognese - again, in house prepared papparedelle with tasty bolognese sauce, made in a rustic, meaty and chunky manner.  The meat course was the pork tenderloin with rosemary reduction in a lentil/bean stufato. Stufato is like a stew and this was delicious with the pork. A very wholesome meal!  As both me and my friend are not big on desserts and actually prefer a cheese course at the end, we went with the grilled taleggio w/ walnuts and honey.  It was delicious but parts of it were extra salty.  I would definitely come here again and in fact, can't wait for another reason to do so!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,7/27/2013,353,217,1,7,3>Anyone who knows me, knows that I LOVE sushi. I will always say yes to a sushi date. Always. It doesn't matter what time of day, I am there, and I am all over it. So I am so surprised that it took me up until yesterday to discover Shogun, which has to be one of Edmonton's best sushi joints. Just off Jasper on 121st St., it has a great location that is easy for me to get to. It was a Friday evening, and it wasn't very busy. Why? Why wasn't all of Edmonton packed in here? I don't understand it?!The restaurant is quite large with lots of seating. I was seated toward the back end of the restaurant. It doesn't seem to matter where you're seated, because there are beams (not sure if that's what you'd call them?) separating the different dining areas. So even though there were people seated about 3 ft away from me, it felt like my date and I were seated in our own little room. Great privacy!Our server was polite and attentive. Our food was prepared quickly and came out at a good pace. My date and I ordered the avocado rolls, the shogun rolls, red snapper nigiri, octopus nigiri, fire cones (spicy tuna and onions), and a half order of salmon sashimi. I loved it all, and it all tasted fresh. The rolls were well prepared. My only complaint is that I usually order a chopped scallop cone when I go out for sushi, because that is my favourite way to eat scallops... but I couldn't find it on the menu. :( The fire cones were good nonetheless, though a bit too spicy for my taste. They have tables where you are seated around a grill with a chef preparing your food right in front of you, though none of them were in use that night. There are also rooms where you and your friends can sit on pillows on the floor, too. So there is a variety of options available to you. My date noticed that our table was a bit sticky... but I am going to give them the benefit of the doubt that maybe they just missed a spot or something... because the rest of the restaurant looked pretty clean, and my side of the table was fine. I'll have to keep a lookout for that though... hopefully this isn't a habit for Shogun.The restaurant itself is quite old, and definitely looks like its been around for a while-- but in my opinion, this adds to its charm. I had a great experience here, and I can't wait to come back and try it again!
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,7/26/2013,10,24,,8,7>Opened recently, the sign outside says Boss, Taste of Asia, while the receipts read Noodle Feast - A Taste of Northern China. I'm not sure of its name, but either way, it's a great place to eat. This little gem features dishes from northern China, so it's not your typical Chinese eatery in Edmonton. There is no sweet and sour pork, no lemon chicken, etc. China, like most places, has a wide variety of regional cuisine. In the south, like the area around Hong Kong, sweet tends to be more popular, as are rice dishes. In the north, where rice is difficult to grow, wheat noodles are more popular, and the flavours tend towards salty, not sweet. If you want handmade fresh noodles, then this is the place to go. They specialize in handmade noodles - if you come too late, you might be told that they are out of noodles and that you should come back in an hour or two after they have made some more!We had a a couple of great dishes here.The first was a bowl of shredded noodles in a beef broth that was rich and delicious. Unlike most watered down soups at other places, this one was flavourful and reminded me of a beef gravy because of its rich beef taste (though not in consistency - it was still a broth). The beef was also so tender that it just fell apart and melted in my mouth. The other main dish was a cold spicy salad that those familiar with Sichuan cooking will know - rice noodles, veggies and a spicy sauce that will knock your socks off. The heat starts off slow, but by the end, it's a raging inferno!  Last but definitely not least was roujiamou (Chinese Pork burger on the menu), which is basically a Chinese hamburger. It's a small bun, similar to naan bread, stuffed with pork and flavoured with cilantro and other spices. I first had one in Chinatown in Toronto, then again in Xian, China. They can be messy, but are fantastic. This one wasn't quite as good as the ones I've had in China, but it was still very good. The bun was soft on the inside, toasted on the outside, and the pork was tender and flavourful. Frankly, I'm surprised more Chinese restaurants don't offer it. If you love Chinese cuisine, but aren't interested in sweet and sour pork or chicken balls, then try this place out.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,7/25/2013,67,269,,6,4>Fun! I am already super happy to have this place so close to home.Beer is the main deal here, with 24ish taps, 3 with their house brews, and the rest rotate through various craft beers. My favourite part is that the beer menu is live, on screens around the bar so you can see everything they've got on tap at the moment, plus details on the beer, and when that keg was opened and how long until it runs out. The target audience here is more serious beer drinkers, with a lot of variety and hard-to-find brews. This is a win in my books, but if you're hoping to find the same beers as every other bar, you're out of luck here. I tried two of their house brews, including the Peach Fuzz, which is a safe bet for any guests who might be less enthusiastic about beer.The food was also good, and pretty quick. They have done a good job of upscale pub food, with nice thin crust pizzas and a different selection than standard bar fare. The service was good, which was actually surprising since we went on their 3rd day of business. I was expecting some kinks to be worked out, but everything went smoothly.My main complaint here is that the acoustics are bad... it was busy, but not as busy as the noise level implied. There are also too many screens. The beer menu screens are great, but I felt like it was hard to look at people without a TV in the background. But, these won't be issues on their (hopefully opening soon) patio, so I'll likely be spending a lot of time there this summer!
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,7/24/2013,158,543,,5,4>I'm pretty new to this place but excited that we have local skiing and plenty of parking.  It's easy to access off of the Yellowhead - though you can get stuck waiting for a train!I've seen signs here for Biathalons, Alberta Safety Council, a Park (leashes required for dogs), and of course Sunridge Ski Hill for Skiing, Snowboarding, Tubing, etc.We've only frequented Sunridge at this point - my 4 year old is taking ski lessons and so far so good!I think I will come take a peek here in the summer - maybe some great trails and a scenic view overlooking the North Saskatchewan River.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/20/2013,7/23/2013,21,40,,5,3>I'm on the fence about my feelings towards Roast Coffeehouse. While it does have many appealing qualities, there are certainly some things that are lacking. The Good:The space is lovely. It has great ambience and is roomy and stylish with plenty of comfortable seating. It's always cozy and warm, unlike many other cafes. There are nice little touches around, such as a self-serve dispenser with lemon water. This place doubles as a wine bar in the evenings and there's a  decent selection of wine and beer. The baked goods are also quite good. The Bad:The service here is hit or miss. On some days, I have been greeted by a friendly face and on other days, I have had to deal with an unhelpful and lackadaisical hipster, whose description of the maple bacon latte was simply that it is "sweet". While they do have a small food menu, I have not had the chance to try anything as the one time I wanted to order something, I was informed that they were sold out of everything. This was at 4.p.m., which is the advertised time that they start serving food. The coffee here is ok. While they do have a selection of interesting and creative drinks (Maple Bacon latte, salted caramel latte etc.), the actual quality and taste of the espresso is on par with, or marginally above,  most chain coffee shops. For the prices listed, you would expect better quality. This is not to say that the drinks are bad -- only that they could, and should, be better. I will continue going to Roast, mainly for the ambience. While it does have some flaws, it is, overall, a nice spot.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,7/20/2013,56,221,2,3,2>Hello Hipsters....want to see a hipster in their original setting check out a Transcends. Now I'll admit Im not a coffee drinker, but a tea/ other hot beverage drinker. So I was a little disappointed in their choices. Im on this Green Tea Latte phase. I asked for one and got the weirdest look ever like what are you saying? BUT the barista didn't want me to leave unhappy, after all it was my first experience here. So she made me a London Fog with a few tweeks here and there and the drink was good, really good. i couldn't understand where people would sit if this place got busy, but learnt that theres an upstairs, that is huge. My overall experience was a good one, not too long of a wait, I'll admit I have no patience. The location seems kind of off because of its location in an industrial area, which means you need to be driving to get here. Im looking forward to trying out the other locations.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,7/19/2013,41,34,,5,3>Needed to find a new hair place, so on the advice of a girlfriend I made an appointment at Hair Graphics. The salon is located in a large historical building that houses several other businesses. There is no sign indicating where the salon is and with multiple floors and entry points, had my friend not advised me to enter from the outside lower level, I definitely would have been late for my appointment cause I wouldn't have known which entrance to use!The salon is really nice, very bright and clean with huge windows overlooking a river. There are about 4 stations, although there were only 2 stylists in when I went (12:30 on a Thursday). I wasn't really sure what I wanted, other than that I wanted a new colour for summer an something different done with the cut without going super short. I am very easy going with my hair, which stylists usually love- I like them to suggest what they think will work and look good. The stylist took a while to warm up to this concept and even seemed mildly annoyed at first that I didn't know exactly what I wanted. I was starting to have bad feelings  about Hair Graphics at this point. After looking at the color swatches and pressing her for ideas some more she did open up a bit and finally got it- I needed her help. We picked out 3 colours and decided on a cute style and 2 hrs later I was walking out looking fabulous!!After we go over our initial hump, the stylist was awesome. She offered me coffee, juice, bottled water at least 3 times during my appointment and she gave a head massage to die for! At the end she wasn't pushy with the product (which I totally appreciate) an when I asked about a shampoo that they carry she totally recommended it but said that I could definitely get it cheaper at a well known beauty supply store - big points for the honesty. And lastly the price.  Hang on ladies... Full head of tri colour foils, medium length hair,   with a cut - $114 and change. Throw in a $20 tip and I was still out of there for under $150. I think that I have found my new salon. If I could give 4.5 stars I would. Points lost for the terrible  lack is signage for finding your way into the place.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,7/18/2013,69,90,4,5,6>We went there on a Thursday night, they had live music which was a very pleasant surprise. The decor looks perfect for a southern BBQ, clean, comfortable and very friendly staff. They have local alley-cat bears on Tap (7$/pint) which is a big positive for me but a little bit pricey. I ordered the grapefruit ale, a perfect summery beer. At the beginning they serve you fresh homemade potato chips, with array of home made BBQ sauces. Excellent snack for your beer. Then we ordered a platter of two meats and two sides to share (20$). We chose beef brisket and pulled pork with sweet potato mash and coleslaw. It also came with a piece of corn bread. The brisket was dry, at best average or below average but when you mixed it with the BBQ sauce it turned okay. However, the pulled pork was excellent. Moist and tasty. The sides were good but nothing special. Beside the dry brisket, I had a very good experience. I will defiantly go back there to try the burger, ribs and chicken wings. If they fix the brisket issue (maybe thinner slices) this is for sure a 5 star place :D The price is very good and it is an excellent location to get together with friends for a party or drinking night.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,7/17/2013,49,117,3,3,3>This is the best restaurant to fall in love with someone during the lunch hours.I remember a few years ago, I had a sweet lunch date at Zuppa for the first time.We had a nice walk to the restaurant, because parking is always hard to find.We shared a giant salmon wrap with a Greek salad. Something about sharing a meal bring such a sweet connection..... Ok so the portion of food here was lots so we had to share. LOLThe place was busy during lunch time, but no matter how many people are looking for a spot to sit, we found a nice cosy spot for ourselves.We had a nice conversation over a tasty latte. I love the taste of organic coffee. I fell in love....I'm always excited to go to Zuppa for lunch because I can still taste the love in the air and I can't wait to take a bite into the wraps and try the other foods on the menu. The presentation of the food here is incredible. I love the warm outlay of this restaurant. The down to earth feel brings me to a place of comfort and ease. Breakfast food is always on a good looking display. The salads are crispy, fresh and I can see the hands that put it together. The menu is easy on the eye and whatever I order, I know it's gonna be good. They have there own soup creation, which I like.The memories of how I once fell in love here has became an adventure...or was it the food that made my heart melt away and the only thing that remains is the sweetness of the atmosphere waiting for me to come back to that one special lunch date...
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,7/16/2013,41,524,,5,3>I had surgery at this hospital and was suppose to stay a few nights to recover.  I went for the prep on a Friday and spent a few hours there as they poked and prodded me, taking 100 vials of blood, ok maybe a few short of that, hooking me up to machines, and chatting with me about what to expect.Monday morning I arrived and went to the pre-op area where they gave me more information and tried to put me on IV.  Good thing my veins are difficult to find so they decided they would do it closer to operation time.  I spent just under 2 hours in the area where I was separated from others by a curtain.  The nurse was nice and friendly and I didn't feel nervous at all.They came to wheel me away early and I lay in another room beside others in their beds.  The staff came to chat with me and were all nice and brought me warm blankets.  Surgery time I remember bright lights and lots of people talking and then boom!Fast forward 4 hours later and I felt like I couldn't wake up from a deep sleep. I remember people talking and giving me meds and then 2 or 3 people roll me over to my bed.  They must've been good as I didn't fall on the floor! For the next 18 hours I had people check on my every few hours, give me pills to ease the pain and a barf pan, while I was laying hooked up to all that good stuff.  There were some nursing staff that were more kind and friendlier than others but I felt cared for by everyone.In the morning I woke up a little from my deep sleep and had lots of help as they finished up and unhooked me.  It was a little like show and tell with the interns watching so this isn't a place to by shy about your body but don't worry, I'm sure they have seen it all and worse.I worked hard to get better and spent lots of time getting in and out of bed, walking slowing up and down the hallways.  I'm sure they were glad to release me that day and I was so happy I didn't even eat my free dinner! I didn't have any meals (just juice and water) besides the turkey sandwich at lunch and that was decent.  Can't complain about the hospital food, but parking is ridiculous! There's also a decent food court in the basement if you want something else to eat or if you are visiting someone.No one likes to be in the hospital but it wasn't a terrible experience and the staff were great.  I did press the call button once and waited about 10 minutes but otherwise I had staff checking on my frequently.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,7/15/2013,51,111,3,3,2>The best steak tartare in Edmonton, hands down.  Oh and the rest of the food is pretty darn good as well!Wednesday nights it's half price tartare, and that's when you'll find me and a few other protein loving folks down there enjoying the beauty of raw meat with one of the many excellent quality beers offered at this lovely European-style lounge.A no-fail hang out place just off Whyte with a relaxed, conversational atmosphere.  One of my favourites!
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,7/14/2013,19,49,,5,2>Corso 32 has earned a reputation as one of the best restaurants in Edmonton. It took me a while to pay them a visit but I'm inclined to agree.My first visit was also the first day of a new menu and any plans with the menu online were thrown out. After years of watching the Food Network, I ordered in my best Italian - Arancini and Gnocchi Carbonara. The table was also joined by Deep fried short rib, trout, cavatelli, and desserts which I didn't partake in.Service started off slow but picked up as the meal progressed. It took forever to get a drink order in and then our food order but after that the service was prompt and frequent.Arancini are deep-fried rice balls filled with cheese and sometimes sauce, meat, and vegetables. I am not sure if you need any convincing to go for it but I'd encourage it, the dish was wonderfully rich, tasty, textural but one-dimensional. - $14Soft, pillowy gnocchi tossed with a type of italian bacon and ramps, then blanketed with pecorino. I am not a fan of ramps (too acidic) nor this variety of bacon (too smokey) but everything went nice together and really enjoyed it. - $22Deep-fried spare rib and forkfuls from foreign plates completed my meal. Sparerib came with crostini and dressed with an arugula-pear salad - the meat managed to stay moist and flavourful especially at the crunchy pit, the salad was softened out the dish but I think a mild cheese could of helped cut the saltiness here. Trout was expertly cooked and seasoned as well but an unlucky one, I got poked by a trout bone. The pork and fennel sausage cavatelli was arguable better than my gnocchi especially with how everything came together. - $16, $27, $21Overall, it was an impressive meal but I was a bit too distracted to fully enjoy it. With much of the menu left to explore, I would love to come back to Corso 32 in the summer, eat and drink too much then walk it off.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,7/13/2013,14,141,2,3,3>This is one of the best places to buy meat in the city. It's family owned, they age their beef for 21 days, and use no growth hormone or steroids. Everything I've had has been great tasting.I haven't branched out to their exotic meats, but I've seen that you can get python, alligator, camel, and kangaroo. Mmmmm...kangaroo tail soup....venison pepperoni pizza...elk burgers.Although I've only ever bought from the store, they sell online too.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,7/11/2013,6,10,3,4,4>What do you do when you are on a double date and the well planned lunch turns out to be an ultimate disaster? Do what I did. Take everyone to Vi's for Pies for desert and it will save your day. Might as well earn you some extra cuddling. The moment you walk in this place it would lift your spirits with its charming decor. The staff is very helpful in case you have a sweet tooth like mine who wants to try everything possible on the menu. I was advised to have an apple caramel pecan cheesecake (how much better can it get right??) along with some tangerine herbal tea and boy it was an amazing combo.  My friend and his girlfriend ordered one hot chocolate and the staff was sweet enough to split it in to two for them without even asking them. Small things make an impression. Don't they? I would say a perfect place for a sweet first date or even if you just want to feel good about yourself and share stories over a steaming cup of Hot chocolate. Definitely one of the best places in Edmonton for a sugar kick.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,7/10/2013,34,170,2,2,3>Service was a little strange... it seems like a line-order cafeteria attached to a deli.That said... the food was VERY good.  Almost as good as Sunbake Pita... but let's not get carried away.The deli here has a few items that I've been searching all over for as well.Will definitely be back.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,7/9/2013,21,31,4,3,2>If you've ever read a review by me before, you may have gleaned from them the fact that I like meat. I've been called a meatatarian, and I'm not going to dispute that claim. That's not to say I don't like vegetables - just that I really, really like meat. Especially when it's been on the BBQ.Suffice to say, that makes Sloppy Hoggs Roed Hus one of my favourite new places. They aren't kidding around here - you order meat, and they bring you plate stacked almost TOO HIGH with it. You'll stare at the sheer size of the helping and start sweating, knowing you might not be able to handle it all. Are they questioning you? Are they calling you out? Is this a challenge?Just how much meat am I talking here? Their sandwiches need to be held together by the full length of a steak knife. Just sayin'.I've only been once, but it was a great experience. The service was prompt and friendly, and the food was delicious. Besides the meat, which was excellent and plentiful, the fries and beans were also really quite good. My only complaint - and indeed it's the reason I can't quite give them a fifth star - is the size of the place. It's actually... pretty tiny. And due to the time it takes to get your meal and eat it, that means it fills up fast. The first time we tried to go, we were turned away at the door because it was full up for the night.Basically, what I'm saying is always call ahead, and always get a reservation if you intend to come here.Beyond that, though? No complaints. I will be back, and intend to start working my way through their menu.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,7/8/2013,142,215,3,5,3>Cavern is a really cool concept: it's 1/2 cheese shop and 1/2 European cafe. I love when new businesses bring something different to the table (ha!), it really makes Edmonton more vibrant and interesting. I came to Cavern on a weeknight with a small group (4 of us total) and had a fabulous meal. We got a board that let us sample a number of different cheeses, and it came with some assorted nuts, fruit, honey, green jelly and bread that complimented the cheeses beautifully. Remember in my review of Leva where I asked if you were eating enough figs? Cavern has figs, so obviously I'm a fan. The wine was amazing, and our server (who, from browsing Yelp, I'm pretty sure is also the owner) was fantastic. She was extremely knowledgeable about all the wines and could pronounce the Spanish and French names beautifully, which made Cavern feel even more authentically European. After she left our table one of my friends said "I think I have a crush on her" and I rightfully echoed "I just want to be her". Because who wouldn't, really? I wish I owned a gourmet food shop on 104th!Because the focus is primarily wine and cheese, it's best not to come here with a big appetite or expecting a big meal. Instead, it's the perfect stop for before or after dinner, and really is an ideal venue for a special date (boys, pay attention!). I can't wait until I have the opportunity to come back during the day and sample the sandwiches they serve at lunch. The coffee looks promising too!Like the other reviews mentioned, Cavern is tiny, but if you're out and about in Edmonton you already know all the best places are small. I think the size is just right for its purpose: this isn't a restaurant, it's a cheese shop where you can sit down for a glass or two of wine if you choose. I'm particularly excited about the selection of cheese for sale here. Previously I have relied solely on the Sobey's down the street for blocks of Edam or smoked Gruyere -- and the grocery chain doesn't always come through for me. Cavern is well stocked and offers a much better collection, perfect to enjoy a little bit of the world at home! All around, Cavern is a perfect addition to downtown.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,7/7/2013,74,399,2,5,3>I love chocolate, and the more chocolate I try, the higher my standards become. This place drew me in on a day I needed a little bit of a mood boost. Since the chocolates are quite expensive here, I only got three, but the owner was nice enough to give me one as a sample. The dark chocolate with the dark chocolate centre was totally delicious--the orange didn't really taste like orange, so I was a bit disappointed there. I had one other that just melted in my mouth and was amazing. I do find the vibrant, swirly and flowery designs on the chocolates to be really unique and appealing--these would be such a nice gift. I probably won't be stopping by here too often, just because the prices are pretty high, but for the occasional treat, I'd say it's totally worth it.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,7/6/2013,59,101,,3,2>It's hard to believe that I haven't done a post on this before. DaDeO on Whyte Avenue has got to be one of my favorite places to go to and I can vouch that a majority of my friends will agree. Serving up New Orlean's traditional dishes like po'boys, jambalaya, and gumbo, this Cajun-style diner with a retro 50s style decor is where it's at!Vinyl booths, black and white checkered floors, vintage juke boxes and southern style art litter the restaurant, giving it an upbeat yet chilled out vibe. Only serving 18+ (sorry kids!), it's a grown-up only hangout.With every order, comes with free  house made biscuits and their infamous jalapeno jelly. Yum! I remember the first time I ever went to Dadeo for lunch, I thought to myself, this has got to be the oddest jelly around. Bright green yet equally explosive in flavor: sweet with a hint of jalapeno. Goes well with their crisp on the outside-soft on the inside biscuits.If you're hitting up Dadeo for the first time (where have you been eating?), you need to order a po'boy. A po'boy is basically a submarine sandwich, Louisiana style. Usually stuffed with meat or a fried seafood item, and usually mixed in with lettuce, a mayo-based sauce of sorts. Dadeo's menu has 13 varieties, almost all for $12. Better yet, go on a Monday or Tuesday, or lunch from Monday to Friday and it's only $9. YUM-MY. To be honest with you, for the last three visits, I've ordered the same thing: a calamari po'boy. Best combination ever! Crisp (and never greasy) squid, heavily seasoned with Cajun seasoning, on top of a baguette with their mayo sauce, tomatoes, red onions, and lettuce. Even Joe orders the same thing every time too. As a side, you get to choose from potato hash, coleslaw, or add sweet potato fries for an extra $1. Do me a favor, get the sweet potato fries. Always. Although I'm a pretty big fan of their coleslaw, not too mayo'd down, crisp texture, their sweet potato fries is right up in their repertoire next to their jalapeno jelly. Thick cut, perfectly cooked, and extremely crispy breading makes this the best sweet potato fries I've ever tried (has been for years now). Until I make a trip to the south, I highly doubt anybody can beat these fries. Seasoned in the same Cajun seasoning as the calamari, the fries are best dipped in the mayo sauce that comes with them.One time, I got adventurous and tried the steamed mussels. I wrapped up my sandwich to go and decided it was time to try something else for a change. Although the bread was the same baguette used to make the sandwiches, having it there to dip the mussel juices and sauce was a bonus. A white wine cream sauce merges the flavors together, creating a nice warm dish for a cold night. Perfect appetizer to share, or could be a meal in itself!Other dishes I've tried that aren't pictured:- Fritters: Four deep-fried dumplings with DaDeO's dippin' sauce. Crab and Parmesan, Jalapeno cheddar, sweet potato or corn. To be honest, by the end of the dish, you couldn't tell which fritter was which if you ordered one of each! The fillings were mild in flavor although you could pinpoint the corn one easily. Good for sharing if you're with a large table because the fritters are huge and very filling for just two!- Blackened shrimp and scallops: delicious! If you're into seafood (versus the blackened chicken option), this is a great dish. Packed with the Cajun flavor.- Cajun calamari: for $11, you can get a dish full of crispy squid rings. Not going to lie, I've considered getting this to go and making my own sandwiches. But I know it won't be the same!- Fried tiger shrimp, crab cakes, blackened chicken po'boys: listed in the order I love, after the calamari po'boy.Still have yet to order the banana foster for dessert, flambeed right at your table! I never have room though after eating my po'boy and fries. I promise next time I go, I'll get it. Even if it means taking a bite out of that night's po'boy and then wrapping it up to go right away. Tip: Reserve or go earlier than the usual lunch or dinner rush. It's a relatively small place, popular amongst university students and Whyte Ave goers and always packed just when you're hungry!
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,7/5/2013,114,46,3,4,5>Lets just say, this place rocks. If you are looking for something different and yet Retro Cool, make sure this place is on the list.The outside appearance is a bit less than captivating but once you walk through that door you will think you were teleported backwards through time. There is a great candy store just inside the entrance, make sure the kids don't see it or you will be lightening up your wallet for sure!Enjoy a great meal, they make a great burger I heard from my group I attended with and the wings were nice also. I did pop in for the steak sandwich special one day and although it was good, it wasn't something I would write home about. If you attend at the right times they might have performers on stage in a very intimate setting this can be a great experience. If that's not your cup of tea, feel free to shoot pool or play some pinball while listening to some nice retro tunes as they play through the building. (don't forget to check out the washroom, there is more to see there)When all is said and done you can chose a great menu desert, or wander into one of the coolest ice cream parlors around, it just happens to be attached. This place is more than just a restaurant, many cruisers make it a destination. If you want to take yourself back in time, make sure you visit them here!
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,7/4/2013,97,490,3,3,3>While the atmosphere still reminds me of a windowless Denny's (or a Moxie's, if I'm going to be generous), I'm happy to give the Underground 4 stars. On my first visit, while I was impressed with the number of taps in the wall, I wasn't impressed with the space or the service.But a few months later, with improved service and a great selection of truly rotating taps, I must profess my fandom.I cannot comment on the food.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,7/3/2013,50,288,2,6,3>So this cafe is a bit hidden, but considering there are not a lot of local coffeeshops in the westend of the city it really is a gem. I came here for a late breakfast, and to get some work done. There's a good selection of breakfast bagel dishes, some paninis, soup. I wanted a bagel and lox but they had no lox so I opted for a bagel sandwich with egg, turkey, cheese and salsa. It was good, and unlike many bagel sandwiches made with the yucky fake eggs from a cartoon, this stuff tasted like the real deal. I also got the peanut butter latte because it sounded so weird I just had to try it. I love peanut butter, and this was interesting. Not good, not bad. It's quite sweet, and there's a lot of peanuty aftertaste. I liked it enough, but I think next time I'd order something else. There are a wide variety of drinks on the menu.On a late Saturday morning this cafe wasn't busy at all. There's lot's of parking, the space is bright and the man working (the owner perhaps) was quite nice. If I lived or worked anywhere remotely close to here I'd probably be a regular.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/4/2013,7/2/2013,509,247,,5,3>Average old local pub for pub grub, beers, VLTs and a game of pool. Nothing to fancy here but a friendly atmosphere and decent service. A renovation job would help this business and some updated furniture.We tried the Nachos with ground beef. Wow, super loaded with cheese, toppings and chips. It took a while to get them but worth the wait.Check out this pub for a pint or two. It is located at the far north end of 27 street in a strip mall.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,7/1/2013,15,54,,4,2>When you live in the middle of a landlocked prairie province, quality sushi can be incredibly hard to come buy. Especially at a reasonable cost. Kobe was recommended by a friend about a year ago and ever since I make the trip out to the west end when I need my sushi cravings satisfied. Even though their sushi is some of the best in the city, it is really the service that keeps me coming back. I was recently there with a party of 5 and our waitress was absolutely wonderful. She joked with us and constantly checked in to see if everything was tasting right and if we had enough to drink. From the menu my best recommendation is to try the spicy tuna roll. It's made different than all the other places in the city and tastes amazing. As others have suggested the French Kiss roll and Dragon Eye are also delicious favorites. Next time you want sushi make the trip out to Kobe!! You won't be disappointed.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,6/30/2013,187,341,2,5,4>I recently broke my toe and was only given crutches when I left the hospital. As I've never broken my toe/foot/leg before, I didn't really know that I might need something else that would make it easier for me to get around.After spending many, many, MANY hours on the couch, I decided I needed something better. I had heard about air casts, which is like a walking brace to put over the foot without putting any weight on my toe. I called around to a few places and Healthcare & Rehab had them for significantly cheaper than the others I called. $145 for a short boot compared to $165.I went in and told the lady working that I needed an air cast. She asked my shoe size and went to the back and got the correct boot. She put it on my foot for me and explained how to pump the air into it and to deflate it at night. We made a little bit of chit chat at the counter when I was paying and she told me to get better soon, etc.I didn't look around at any of the other products, but the store was fairly big and there was lots of stuff, and it seemed neat and organized.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/5/2013,6/29/2013,29,61,,3,3>Wow, what happened?  I used to go to the Hat and it was packed.  This visit it was almost completely empty.  Only 2 other tables had guests.  I stopped in only for a drink and it was good.  The service was solid but you could tell they were bored.  I think I counted 3 staff on and only three tables.  Yikes.  I hope I caught them on a bad night and that this isn't a trend.  I was at Mercer and Kelly's earlier that night and they were packed out.People! Go back to the Hat or try it for the first time!  Good pub food and all the drinks you could need, no matter your tastes.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,6/28/2013,187,427,3,4,5>Found myself at SJ's for Episode 2 of Burger Quest, Yelp Edmonton's reoccurring UYE that seeks out new tasty burger options in the city, to boldly go .... yada yada! This is definitely a restaurant with a lounge, but they primarily do burgers, shakes and bottled soda. I went with a BYOB. No I did not bring my own booze, though that would of been fun, I Built My Own Burger which is a more than admirable consolation prize! The process is such: Choose a patty (1st one free, extra patty 3.50, they have a veggie option), choose a bun (fun ones include marble rye bread and eggo waffles, the also have a gluten free bun), choose your sauce (went with root beer BBQ), choose a cheese (went with herbed goat, extra cheese is $1.50), choose your toppings (four free, extra toppings $0.75), they also have premium toppings for extra such as Perogy's, Doritos, mac n' cheese bites. WTF? Some really strange options for you alternative burger junkies out there! Anyways, the BYOB costs $13.75 (i think that what it was) plus the extras for toppings and comes with a side of fries. I was a little less adventurous so no Doritos on my burger. Went with a Marbled Rye, herbed goat cheese burger with lettuce, an onion ring, bacon, salsa, and gin & bacon sauerkraut. I also got sauteed mushrooms for $1 extra which in my opinion should be an option for a free topping. The burger comes with fries which you can upgrade to a number of options for extra $1.25. I went with sweet potato fries. We also sampled a number of shakes including chocolate peanut butter, cookies and cream and something else. My favourite was the choco-peanut butter. Very creamy!The burger and shakes were very good. I did find the shakes a bit heavy so I don't think I could ever finish a big sized one, but to share it with someone would be perfect. The atmosphere is a bit commercial restaurant-esque, but I think it works. The burger was something I really enjoyed. The patty was good, but what stood out were the toppings. Of particular note was the root beer bbq sauce and the gin and bacon sauerkraut. This combo, oddly enough, really worked for me. Sweet, sour and spicy all rolled into one!All in all, I enjoyed Soda Jerks. It can get pricey if you aren't careful. But their burgers are spot on. Great place for a casual date! I give it 3.5 stars. Round up for a fun atmosphere!
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,6/27/2013,11,73,,4,3>Oh, Kasbar, you had me at Moussaka. There were 4 of us, so we split the meal for four ($110 for 4, which is A LOT of food). I just had my birthday celebration with friends last night. Going through the basement of Yianni's was like going through a zone warp to Morocco, with the sun sconces and colourful lamp pillars. Awesome service. Food was amazing, followed by drink specials. Make sure you try their Calamari -- possibly the best in town, when accompanied with tzatziki sauce. It is definitely on my list of great places in Edmonton to celebrate special occasions.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,6/26/2013,9,15,3,13,4>After being refused within the operating hours at Auto Bucks, because they were close to closing time we headed to Pick-N-Pull to search out captain's chairs for our Dodge Caravan. When we walked in the door a half hour before closing time the gentleman at the counter asked if we had signed their waiver, and took our loonie to get in the yard, then asked if we'd been there before or if we know what we were looking for and where we were going. I promptly told him  I know I need a bucket seat, but have only been here once before. Upon getting the year, make and model of my vehicle he pulled out a 6 inch paper listing the exact vehicles i would need to search out to find the correct fitting seats. He reminded us they do close right at 5pm so we had a half hour to scope it out, but gave us directions to the section we needed to cut down our time. With it being an auto yard, there were parts strewn out between rows so it made sense why they don't allow anyone under the age of 12 into the yard. So hubby waited in the van with the kids while my brother and me searched. Just as the guy at the counter had said we found the rows of vans and started searching. Within a few moments we had found the matching seats to what our van would need, but the van they were in looked in pretty rough shape like it had been totaled so i wasn't completely confident in taking those seats, so we moved on. There were many options to choose from, but we found a van that didn't look like it had been in an accident and both captains' chairs were inside! Score! we checked all the functions, recline, folding locking and unlocking and the cup holder. After everything checked we pulled them out and headed to the check out where we were about 12th in line. Surprisingly, and unexpectedly the line moved very quickly. in no time we were being served and asked if we wanted our seats marked discreetly in case we needed to bring them back. Upon saying no, i noticed they also have a tool kit club you can join for free and earn points. Upon joining you get 50 points and almost a point for every dollar you spend. When you reach 350$ you get a free 20$ gift card, how cool is that? Free to join with rewards to come! So within 40 minutes our day had turned around and i had my captains chairs and some great service. Will most definitely be keeping them in mind for the future!
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,6/25/2013,2,11,,3,2>We've been meaning to try this place for awhile, and it certainly did not disappoint.  The ambiance was very unique.  The name Hardware Grill certainly implies a masculine type of decor, and sure enough, it had that kind of appearance inside: lots of dark colors, exposed ceiling, and all the waiters were men.  It had a genuinely inviting and classy feel, and we liked it.We were seated right beside the kitchen, only separated by a glass window, and it was very nice getting to be very close to the cooks, watching them work their magic.  Apparently the booth we sat in, the one adjacent the kitchen, was one of their higher in demand spots, so we quite enjoyed it.Service was great!  Our server seemed like a veteran at his job, so he knew the ropes well.  The food was equally impressive, unique combinations of food were offered.  I ordered the lamb dish and it was probably one of the more tender and impressive lamb dishes I've ever had.  The prices of the items were quite a bit, which is why I gave the place 4 instead of 5 stars, as I'd say you should expect to spend at least $45 a plate, but that's the kind of place this is!  And yes, you do get what you pay for!Overall, very enjoyable experience!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2011,6/24/2013,97,4,,5,4>If your craving for Korean food, this is the best place to go to, their Korean BBQ Buffet is a little bit on the pricey side but definitely worth it!! & it includes beverages, my husband loved their Kimchi!! so he ordered extra to take home! Very friendly crew. If your planning to go on weekends, you must come early, it's definitely full house!!
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,6/23/2013,28,93,,4,2>The owner is in the house! Seriously - he's there either at the bar, or in the kitchen.  Yes there is a chef in the kitchen, but the owner's a jack of all trades.Sure, it has a country vibe, dark decor, the heaviest tables and bar stools around - but dang they are INTERESTING!They serve Rock Creek Cider, at a reasonable price. It's on 124 Street... it's even walking distance home in the summertime.The menu has Indian dishes, and standard pub food.  There isn't a dish we dislike on that menu either. The Pakoras are great - HUGE! And reheated leftovers are still really tasty.  Potato skins, sweet potato fries, burgers & pizza - it's a good menu.There's live music, occasionally I think there's Karaoke too. Yup - there's a moose on the wall...
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,6/22/2013,0,9,,4,2>We had my daughters 1st birthday cake designed by whimsical and it was a show stopper!!! Three tiers, three flavours with different icings... Yum! Everyone like the classic black&white cake with cookies and cream buttercream the best. And the classic vanilla. And the red velet. So really, all three were a hit. Great service, the cake style was exactly what I wanted and the price was absolutely reasonable for the quality of premium cake. Can't wait till her second birthday!!!!
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2013,6/21/2013,8,20,,6,2>May is my favourite time of year - it is the beginning of Market Season!I have been regularly shopping at the City Market for the past five years and have enjoyed seeing it grow and evolve.  Each year I am welcomed by many old favourites, but also plenty of fresh faces.Located downtown, parking can be a bit of a hassle.  However, it is conveniently located near the Bay/Enterprise LRT Station and many busses pass by this location.There is so much product to be offered at the City Market.  Many different produce vendors keep the prices in check and the options open.  Other food items to be found include breads, local meat, dips, sauces and desserts, rounding out your grocery shopping for the week.You can also find many talented artisans selling everything from one of a kind clothing, cute little stuffed animals for the kiddies, gorgeous wood cutting boards, delicate jewelry, and so so much more!As well there are the many shops and restaurants that line 104 Street, offering up fresh coffee, delicious brunches, and organic goods.  The City Market will definitely keep you busy and satisfied!
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,6/20/2013,85,580,3,4,4>Came here for the latest CMYE and I'm so glad I did! Chef Andrew treated us to an amazing Charcuterie and cheese board, all of which was spectacular. Seriously, I am still thinking about that Charcuterie. Truffle popcorn, prosciutto, and -- this is the kicker -- the best brussel sprouts ever.Yes, I said brussel sprouts. Now normally I can't stomach them like most people (I swore them off forever since one fateful Thanksgiving), but these were AMAZING. Just roasted and slightly glazed with I don't know what (truffle oil?), these were delicious. If my mom cooked brussel sprouts like this when I was little, I would have eaten them everyday.I was not brave enough to try the in-bone marrow (ox, I think it was) but was told it was top-notch as far as bone marrow goes. If my recount of the bone marrow here reads as absolutely clueless, then you are absolutely right ... I had just enough in me that night to conquer my fear of brussel sprouts, there wasn't enough for the bone marrow.All of this (sans bone marrow) with a glass of Muscatel and I was in heaven. The Muscatel is a must if you tend to favour the sweeter wines.Thanks again to Chef Andrew and his crew for creating such a splendid spread for our group! It was memorably delicious and my tastebuds are still smiling :) I will definitely be back and would highly recommend the Charcuterie to everyone!
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,6/19/2013,220,814,3,3,2>The Wokkery is a small Chinese restaurant just far enough away from the main drag of Chinatown that unless you are very familiar with the area, you may well overlook. I know I have. A co-worker pointed the place out to me for the first time this afternoon. Small and rather nondescript from the outside, the inside is quite warm and inviting. It's small but clean, and the staff are very friendly. We got there just after the lunch rush but in enough time to still order a lunch special. A number of combination plates are available for $6.95, featuring chicken fried rice, beef and vegetables, and a choice of Szechuan beef, sweet and sour pork, almond chicken, and the like. The soup of the day is also included.I opted for a combination plate with sweet and sour chicken balls, while my co-worker had the Szechuan beef. First came our soup - vegetable soup was the bowl du jour, which consisted of a soy-based broth and some over-cooked vegetables. It wasn't bad but it wasn't great. Our plates came shortly thereafter. The first thing we noticed was the excellent value for the price. You won't find a better deal on Chinese food, even in a food court. Plus, the quality was much better. The rice was fluffy and flavourful, while the beef and vegetables were tender and plentiful. My plate had four large chicken balls. The chicken was also tender within its deep-fried coating. Definitely not a dish for the health-conscious, but absolutely delicious and filling.My co-worker was similarly happy with her rice and beef and veggies. She also gave rave reviews to the Szechuan beef. I tried a piece and concur. It was lean, crispy without being too hard, and not overly spicy. I could see myself coming back for it.If you would rather order plates to share, there is a large selection of rice, meat, seafood, and noodle dishes also in the $7 price range. Meals also come with tea. Including my co-worker's pop, the bill came to less than $20 including the tip. The Wokkery could very well be the best dining value in the area.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2013,6/18/2013,115,132,4,11,5>Privada adds style, variety, and late night wine/dine to St Albert downtown. Don't let Privada's curb appeal fool you because everything changes when you walk in the door. The 44 seats are a mixture of regular tables, hightops and bar stool and the faux brick walls give it a warmth that reminds me of Montreal. Located right on the corner of Perron and St Anne at the heart of downtown it's surrounded by many other dining options but none can offer what they have. Tapas has grown in popularity and is one of my favorite ways to eat since variety is the spice of life (and food). I wanted to order many different items but were told that the charcuterie board (called the Butcher Board) was large enough to act as a meal for one so we split this and each had a feature entree.The Butcher Board was so full of goodies that a cracker fell off just as he set it down at our table (5 second rule). Four types of cheese, 3 types of cured meats, 3 types of crackers, 5 types of fruit and 2 jams topped off with micro greens and edible flower petals all arranged beautifully will ensure eye-gasms for any diner. There were so many possible combinations that every single bite was unique. This is true variety and I will probably order this every time.For our entrees we chose the weekly features: Turkey Burger and a Flatbread. Both come with a side salad and were $20/plate. Two new features are introduced bi-weekly so there's always a new dish to try and more variety! The Turkey patty was handmade in house and had good flavor. The flatbread was also handmade and the toppings were tasty yet balanced.Now I couldn't go to a wine bar without having a glass and they offer 5oz or 8oz options. I asked for a French Bourgogne and they had a Bourdeaux which is from the same region. I was told that they had a bottle that hadn't even made the menu yet but was recommended by a regular. I'm happy they take recommendations because it was a great blend.Finally being open till midnight may not be considered late in some cities but for St Albert it's huge! This is probably the only place open that late without counting the sports bars.Great food, excellent service, variety in food and wine and open late makes this my new favorite spot! Try it out for yourself if you don't believe me.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,6/17/2013,85,49,2,4,3>This store is owned by a lovely wife and husband and I can't praise them enough for all the great food, treats, cakes etc that they offer dogs. My Pug "Pistol" turned 1 and she went above and beyond and made this amazing cake in the shape of a Pistol for her and my other pugs. I plan on ordering again next week for my other dogs birthday.Seriously though, bring your dog in and you'll leave with a happy pup!!! 5 Stars without a doubt.I'm lucky Edmonton has such an awesome store here. I know Calgary doesn't!!Thanks again guys!!!
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,6/16/2013,10,54,2,5,5>I walked into Shades of Grey on a day of shopping on 124 Street not expecting to spend anything and walked out with a gorgeous new dress to wear to a wedding. The prices here can be a little steep, but my BCBG dress was reasonably priced. The staff member who assisted me was incredibly friendly and sociable. She was exactly what I need to help make a decision- honest about how things looked and not pushy. She also showed me different ways to accessorize the dress. It was like shopping with a good friend- a great experience! In my opinion the dresses were the most reasonably priced things in the store. The skirts & pants weren't bad but I found the shirts a bit steep for me! Overall it was a great experience and I will not hesitate to go back.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,6/15/2013,35,101,8,3,3>I love burgers.  I love them even more when they actually taste good, unlike that slop you get from fast food joints.Fatburger is not fast food.  There's even a sign on the wall that says so.  Pretty clever if you're having an off day, actually.  Get a little backed up behind the grill, and all you have to do is point at the wall and say "What, you can't read?  Burgers this good take time, dude!"And these burgers are GOOD.  They're so good, they make you feel guilty for eating them.  Guilty like that time when you convinced the hot but ditzy girl that you were an NHL MVP, and the reason she didn't see you on TV was because the cameraman working that day used to be married to your sister, and after the divorce he had a grudge against your whole family, and the reason she couldn't find a record of your MVP or name anywhere was because the dude responsible for recording that stuff was the cameraman's brother, and he had a grudge against you, too, and you STILL took her home that night.  That kind of guilty goodness.I love the slight military tone of the ordering process, too.  The counterman takes your order, shouts it out to the kitchen staff, and all you hear is a chorus of voices repeating the order.  It's pretty cool.  Maybe this place should be called MarineBurger.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,6/14/2013,81,166,,4,2>C'est Sera is one of my favourite places to shop in Edmonton. It's fairly pricey though so with my student budget I'm sad to say that a lot more browsing happens than shopping. Even so, I can't help but dream wistfully every time I come in here. The clothes are all gorgeous. I like that they carry a good mix of things that span the 20-40 age range. One of my big complaints about the merchandise here is that they tend to stock lots of "one size fits all" items. Yeah right. From my experience, anything "one sized" is really designed to fit someone in the medium range. I've been disappointed by this here a few times. Other than that though, I wish I could buy up the whole store.As for the service, I always find the staff here really helpful. They always offer suggestions and make sure that you have a full outfit to try on in the fitting rooms rather than one or two mismatched pieces.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,6/13/2013,35,96,3,5,3>We had our wedding reception here a few weekends ago and couldn't be happier.  I'm not saying it is a contest, but we won!  Without being biased because it was my own, I can honestly say that this was the best wedding reception I've ever attended; and that is backed up by the comments of the guests.  Why was it so good?ATMOSPHERE:  You can have your reception at the standard hall, but then you have to work extra hard (or pay extra cash - and I am CHEAP) to make it look less hall-like.  The brewery is old brick and wood.  Everyone said it was the coolest venue they have ever been to for a wedding and really fit our personalities.FOOD: In a word, WOW!!!  I've probably been to over 20 wedding in my life and I can't remember a single good meal...but boy, do I remember the bad ones; rubber chicken and cold veges too often.  Once again, I've never heard so many compliments regarding the food, and most of the guests started off with, "This was better than I've had at the best restaurants."  With most venues you have to have someone cater and bring in the food which means either buffet (with the last person left with buns and salad) or slow service.  And you get a meal cooked somewhere else and brought there in warming trays.  The in-house staff at the Yellowhead did the impossible - they provided wedding reception food that was above and beyone anything I've ever experienced - not just at a reception, but at most fine dining establishments.  I could get specific about the menu (we went with just two meats and a HUGE assortment of veges) but I don't want you to start drooling on your keyboard.  From the appetizers served by the staff, to the meal, everything was delicious.  We went with a "family style" dinner which meant everyone got their meals at the same time and it was served piping hot.  I can't go on enough about how great that food was.SERVICE: With a built in bar, and attentive staff, service went without a single hiccup.  PRICE:  As mentioned, I'm cheap.  When you say "wedding", everyone has their hands out.  I can't believe the prices of some of the other venues we approached.  With the help of the brewery's contact person, Ido, we were able to do what we wanted, and keep it from getting out of control.  His suggestions were spot on and really paid off when the bill came.  Trust this guy!While we were limited to the size of the venue, it turned out to be the perfect size.  We had about 90 people, and at first I was worried that we would be cramped, but the tables (of sizes ranging from 5 to 12) we placed to maximize the area and in the end we had LOTS of room - so my fears were needless.  After dinner, they cleared away two tables, and with the stage we had a large dance floor.  I can't express enough how great the reception was, and a big part was the venue, as well as the planning of Ido and his staff.  If you want a unique venue that is as far from the standard hall as you can get, book this place early.  I get a feeling that word-of-mouth is going to make this place very popular.Oh, and their brew is DELICIOUS...and this is coming from a guy who likes his beer something serious!
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,6/12/2013,82,54,4,4,2>There's not a lot of authentic Mexican food in Edmonton. This is not a controversial statement.This is exactly the kind of place that needs more attention! Small strip mall middle of nowhere on the North side, not too far away from Fort road.You can tell this place is good because you actually see Mexican families eating here.Wouldn't hesitate to go back or to recommend to anyone hankering for something a bit more authentic, and willing to try something that's not just a taco or a burrito.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/18/2013,6/11/2013,16,119,2,3,3>If you can tell me why brown rice, chicken, feta, green onions, tomatoes, bell peppers, Sriracha hot sauce, and ranch dressing taste so awesome when slapped together and eaten out of a styrofoam box, please get back to me. Despite many attempts, I've never been able to faithfully recreate Beez's signature dish, the aptly named "Chicken, Feta, and Veggies." It's a deceptively easy meal, apparently, because it never tastes right when I make it. Don't bother--just come here and order it. And feel ashamed because you inhaled 2000 calories' worth of rice in a single meal, not because you utterly fail at mixing rice and condiments in perfect proportion.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,6/10/2013,36,173,2,7,4>One of the more difficult tasks of pet ownership for me has always been finding a reasonably priced veterinary clinic that (and here`s the important part...) I TRUST!!  In this regard, Capilano Animal Clinic is a dream come true!Long story short, I have a problem cat (possession and aggression being the top issues)!  I had tried everything with this cat from spray bottles to expensive diffusers to water additives - nothing works; she`s simply off her rocker - but how I love her so (re-homing this cat is not an option as 1. she is way too troubled to last at a shelter; 2. I have had her since she was found in a ditch in the country at 2-3 weeks old so we have been through a lot together over the last 8 years) so the struggle to make a happy household for all continues!!!! My BF and myself have recently moved in together (along with our 2 cats EACH). The situation had become quite distressing on a few occasions (cat fights - mostly a lot of screaming but that`s quite alarming in itself), so in order to assure that there were no health problems causing the behavior, I elected to get Sketch (AKA problem cat) to the vet for a check up.  After reaching out to the wonderful Yelp community for recommendations, I chose to make an appointment here.  Happily they were open on Saturday so I booked with Dr. Sung.  I honestly expected that they were going to tell me to drug my cat.  But to my upmost surprise, Dr. Sung did an in depth interview with me to get an idea of how things work in our household; and after telling me that she was impressed, and that I was on the right track, she gave me some advice on some techniques we could try, and told me that drugging her would be the very last option she would recommend!  After about 30mins, I left with some reading material (including a diet plan) feeling completely elated with the service we received.They also had a little rescue cat at the office!  Cutest little dude with some pretty notable neurological problems that they have been taking care of since he was brought to them as a kitten.Moreover, on Monday morning when I went to check my email there was an email written by Dr. Sung herself summarizing our discussions and offering a few more tips that she had thought of over the weekend!  How much more perfect could it get - she cares so much about animals that she spends her weekend time thinking of ways to help them out - a true animal lover, and an absolutely amazing veterinarian!I have tried a few of the techniques and things have honestly started to calm down at home.  Since I had such a wonderful experience, and have nothing but good things to say, I will be booking the other 3 in for general health checks over the next few months.  If you have ever felt uneasy about your vet clinic, give these guys a call and I am certain they will give you peace of mind.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,6/9/2013,25,260,2,6,4>Shanghai Grill is tucked away in a tiny corner industrial area where you would not expect a Shanghainese restaurant to be! I live west side and this was my first time going. Went with three friends for a Saturday lunch and was pleasantly surprised. Best part of our lunch was the waitress who had us in fits of laughter due to our one Caucasian friend. She was like "would anyone need a fork/knife for your lunch" while looking directly at our one friend. Then later in our lunch she proceeds to explain how to eat XLB after we have ate 99% of our meal. It's the thought that counts right?Anyways, for food, we shared six dishes:DELICIOUS- Xia long bao ($9 for 6 pork dumplings) - these were really flavourful and juicy. Much more to them compared to the Shanghai 456 ones and in my opinion, much tastier. Definitely get these when you come here.  - Crab and pork dumpling ($13.50 for 6) - the soup tasted a bit sweeter. Liked this one as well but a bit on the expensive side!- Baked pork buns ($10) - these were omnomnom so good. Nicely baked on the outside, tender and just a tad of soup on the inside. - Pan fried beef dumplings ($9 for 6) - these looked great and according to my friends, they were delicious. Had some soup in them too so be careful when you take a bite.MEH- Dan dan noodles in peanut sauce ($13) - the picture on the menu does not look at all like when it comes out. You can smell the peanut sauce right away. Not bad but wasn't what we were expecting it to be.- Rice surrounding dried pork and chinese donut ($5) - this one was weird but my friend wanted to try it. According to the two that had it, it was dry and pretty tasteless. But I knew that before she ordered itDefinitely worth a visit if your in the hood or want some good Shanghainese/Chinese food. Will have to check them out for dinner which I've heard is just as good. YUM.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,6/8/2013,36,208,2,2,2>I'm torn on this review. I've been here a few times now and it's definitely a dive. You'd never find this place unless someone told you about it. It's a "cafeteria" for the City Centre Airport and Edmonton Flying Club where it's located. They have your regular soups and sandwiches, usually ordered by the airplane folk, but they also sell Shanghainese food including xiao long baos and noodles, hot and sour soup, etc. Apparently the chef here used to be head chef at Shanghai Grill so you definitely see similarities in the food. The reason I'm torn is because the most recent time I came here was on Good Friday and it was pretty busy. The staff was not prepared for the crowd and they had one server serving and busing every table in the establishment. We waited about an hour to get seated but it got so bad that some people were clearing off the tables themselves. Normally I don't expect much service from a Chinese place but this was pretty terrible. Not because they were rude, but they just didn't have enough staff to handle the large crowds at hand.I'm still giving this a fairly good rating because I'm looking past the Good Friday debacle and I'll probably be back again. There's a reason people line up an hour to eat here -- obviously the food. The food is pretty good and the prices actually reasonable. I suppose the low overhead in staff and location keeps the prices low.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/21/2013,6/7/2013,34,76,,4,3>I hate to do middle of the road reviews. I usually say like it or hate it, but have an opinion. Unfortunately, apathy happens from time to time, so throw BJ on the list of so-so burger joints in this town. The patty was a bit on the thin side for my tastes, and the bun was pretty dry. Dry enough to crack into pieces as I was eating. Worst of all, the burger just didn't have all that much flavour. You do get to add as much of the basic topping as you want, and did I ever. The premium toppings cost extra, however. This place is very similar to Rodeo Burger, and I'm not sure I could pick a favourite out of those 2, but they both don't rival the king of the build your own burger joints, 5 guys.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,6/6/2013,41,93,4,3,3>I was lucky enough to stumble across this hair salon when my longtime hairdresser had the nerve to get married and move out of town. I don't recall who recommended me to Diane, but I was happy right from the start. Then, Diane had the nerve to move out of province as well. I was getting a bit paranoid. Was it the colour of my roots? my overly greasy hair follicles? Perhaps I had moaned and shown a bit of inappropriate appreciation for the scalp massage?Luckily for me, when Diane left, she handed me over to Jessica. Although I was worried I would have to search high and low for a new hairdresser, I got lucky twice in a row at Cutting Edge. I can only assume it was not a coincidence and that they hire good quality people.The salon itself is comfortable and fashionable without being intimidating or too "chi-chi". There is a wide range in age of hairstylists so you don't feel overwhelmed with young multi-coloured, pierced & tattooed teeny boppers but not so old you feel you will come out with a blue rinse and set. Overall, a nice well-rounded collection of hairstylists.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,6/5/2013,46,142,,3,2>The beer menu is at least  5x longer than the food menu (by pages , even longer if you compare  items).  That should tell you why to go.  You'll be surprised if you order eats, that the food is generous and yummy.  At least what we ordered for brunch was:  Sugarbowl Benny (Poached Eggs w/ Back Bacon on Corn Bread topped w/ Thyme Béchamel Sauce & Potatoes) & Chicken & Waffles w/ Maple Butter.  We had to wait to get in, and during an Edmonton winter if the line outside is more than 5 minutes, you know it's going to be good.  Our wait was 20 minutes.  It was good.  Very good.Short term tip- the SOD Baltic porter.  Only in for a short time, and our entire table switched to it on round 2.  The waitress was lovely, she shared info about how to find this lovely brew and gave us the heads up that it is a short term menu item.Go. Now.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,6/4/2013,3,22,,2,3>A wonderful boutique for luxury beauty. Yes, it's small, but it's jam-packed with wonderful products and helpful and enthusiastic staff.  Beautiful decor and high-quality products definitely adds a little pick-me-up to a down day. I love that they often have events going on. I went to a B. Kamins event earlier in the summer and also had a Stila make-up application. I learned a lot about some products I haven't tried before and came out with a bright eye make-up look that was stunning. Highly recommend!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/3/2013,6/3/2013,65,170,3,2,3>I guess it's a sign of the stage I am in life that I consider basing the star value of a restaurant based upon whether or not they have a high chair for a baby.  Yes, Jasper Sushi and Noodle House has a high chair.  And it's very close to my home.  So it's a place I have gone to from time to time.  The service is good, with a very friendly staff.  But the food is just okay.  It's fine if I am wanting noodles or sushi in a hurry and I have the baby in tow.  It's quick and easy.  And I can eat in the restaurant with a squirmy near-toddler.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,6/2/2013,24,223,,2,2>I've always liked it here (and not just because this is where the fiance and I came on our first date). The food, in my experience, has always been hot, fresh and bountiful. Seriously, the portions are huge. My favourites are the braised beef ravioli and the penne arrabiata. The last time we went, I decided to try the short ribs, and while they were okay, I don't think I would have them again. The service is good, I like the patio, and the decor after the reno is clean and bright. This is one of our go to places for dinner in the downtown area, and we're really looking forward to having our wedding rehearsal dinner here.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,6/1/2013,49,256,2,4,3>I purchased the introductory month pass here ($40 for one month unlimited) after a friend endorsed the place. OK, one of the selling points for me was that they offered 9 pm classes regularly, meaning my fiancé and I could both make it here after work. I used to attend Bikram yoga fairly regularly and I missed the heat, too. In the past couple weeks I've attended the 60 minute Moksha class, as well as the 90 minute hot yin class on the weekend. The studio is surprisingly big. The place is clean and the change rooms are gorgeous. They have tons of walking room compared to other studios I've been to, and having that extra space to spread out in is nice. Shower wait times are reasonable and there is plenty of room to store your belongings. I should also mention that the studio smells nice, or at least neutral, which compared to Bikram (sorry!) is a lovely change.As far as the classes go, Moksha yoga sort of struck me as a mix of the other kinds of yoga I've tried. The focus of the Moksha class seems to be on strength building and flexibility, without a mental or spiritual component. The series is not exactly the same every class, and because of this I think the instructor really makes or breaks how enjoyable it is. I've had classes where everyone is focused and others where the energy in the room was completely scattered. Sometimes the instructors do a good job of leading everyone through the postures, and sometimes I feel like the instruction is lazy and presumptuous. At this studio it is common for everyone to be doing a different variation of the same thing, so during the latter scenario I can't even figure the postures out by watching the other students. And even if I look like them, I don't know if I'm executing the posture properly. This is probably my biggest frustration with Moksha. During the yin yoga class the instruction seemed to be a lot more detailed and thorough. In general the heat is enjoyable, not too hot and not too cold, and I found that it assisted my relaxation during the yin classes.I should mention that not all, but many of the instructors at Moksha play music during the yoga class they are teaching. I actually like having soothing instrumental music during class, however, some of the stuff they play (Pink Floyd, Eddie Vedder, The Postal Service, etc) just isn't what I want to listen to at yoga! For me it's not as much a question of whether or not I like a song (though it's particularly annoying when I don't), it's that English lyrics distract me.Overall my opinion comes down to preference, and this studio hits it in the middle for me. After my pass runs out, I honestly don't know if I will go back or not.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,5/31/2013,49,120,4,6,4>Once upon a time, there was a young girl who bought a Seventeen magazine. The September 1979 issue, to be precise. And although she hadn't cooked much in her 13 years, that magazine carried a recipe that sounded too scrumptious not to try. Something called Pastitsio-- a Greek dish. She brushed up her cooking skills making this dish. Something very labor intensive, but OH-SO-DELICIOUS. Something guaranteed to please even the pickiest eater. Okay, yes, the girl was me. I fell in LOVE with this casserole-- a layered baked pasta, with a layer of macaroni, a layer of seasoned meat (the Greeks use cinnamon, to give it that extra oomph of flavor), and then a layer of bechamel butter parmesan sauce over the top that gets baked into the rest. Sadly, I LOST this amazing recipe in one of my moves. The magazine must have gotten mixed in with something else getting tossed out. I even wrote and asked SEVENTEEN magazine for the recipe. Sadly, they do not keep archives that far back. I was bereft for years. Flash forward to last Thursday. Allan G drove me to work because of the nasty weather (yes, i get chauffeur service in crappy weather. Why do you ask?). When he came to pick me up later that night, we were stuck on the south side and craving dinner. A friend of mine had recommended this place to me a while back, so I mentioned Greek, and Al's mouth started watering. So Koutouki it was. I loved the blue and cream alternating ceramic tile floor, and the rustic interior. When we sat down to order and I saw there was pastitsio (they spell it pastichio, I believe), I was excited but not expecting much. Many Greek restaurants don't even have it on the menu because it's so labor-intensive. But when I find a place that does, I have to order it, just in case. Ladies and gentlemen, I have finally found my replacement pastitsio. The best part? I don't have to cook it myself! All the best parts are there-- the macaroni was perfectly cooked, the meat sauce perfectly seasoned with that touch of cinnamon, and the bechamel was lovely and puffy and cheesy on top. I was convinced I'd died and gone to heaven. Al was not as impressed with his lamb, and after trying a bit, I agreed that it could use a bit more seasoning. A small quibble. The main thing? I have found my pastitsio, at last. If you need something warm, and wonderful, and stick-to-your-ribs-y, that's chock full of cheesy goodness, simply come here and be blown away.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,5/30/2013,89,141,5,6,4>The Common, for me, is like that guy you go on a date with that doesn't have an initial spark. Sure, he's good looking, a little quirky with a hipster vibe, but the first date was just okay -- good conversation, cool, but nothing exciting.Still, you give him another chance... and another... and before you know it, you're in love.I've been to The Common a few times: one for an Elite event at their old location, another for a bachelorette, another for an after-conference soiree... and finally last night, at a Girl Geek Dinner where it seems like he's pulling out all the stops, like tonight's the night he's getting lucky.The Common, when I first thought about it, seemed to be a lounge or hipster club/bar. But, really, it's a foodie heaven. There's a variety to choose from, but my fave times have all been custom off-the-menu choices, where it seems Chef Jesse Morrison-Gauthier throws the gloves off and gets creative. For the Girl Geek Dinner, there was a fantastic charcuterie platter, followed by two salads -- the standout being the duck confit with potatoes and greens -- and then quinoa melody, roasted veggies (the swiss chard was divine!) and cauliflower with breadcrumbs, squash soup with meatballs, followed by beef and salmon choices, and then two desserts: chocolate cake with sticky butterscotch and a blueberry cheesecake.Whew.I think The Common is a great place to go for a date, look at beautiful people surrounded by vintage charm, and eat good food. But it's even better when you're there to party.Go with a group, probably call ahead and ask for a custom menu. It'll be a great time!
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,5/29/2013,14,108,6,6,2>I went to the Wild Rose Audiology Clinic recently for a pre-employment hearing test. The process went smoothly from the time that I called to made the appointment all the way through to the completion of the test itself.The staff are knowledgeable, professional, and prompt. My appointment was for 1:30 and that's exactly what time they took me in. Understandably they must work with a lot of people that are deaf or extremely hard of hearing because when I sat down in the sound booth, the audiologist yells cheerfully, "HI, I'LL BE DOING YOUR TEST TODAY!" I'm not deaf, I'm just here for a hearing confirmation exam. I might be deaf when i leave...They are closed at lunch so you won't be able to pop in during your lunch break.They sell a wide variety of special needs hearing products and provide rehabilitative services as well. I didn't have to utilize any of these but if I ever experience hearing problems I won't hesitate to contact the Wild Rose Clinic. They deserve the business. It will give them someone to yell at.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,5/28/2013,32,106,3,4,3>This was a tough one to review. I agonized over this for days, but you know what, I am unafraid to give Rosie's Whyte Ave 5 stars. Over the last two months, I have been here at least 15 times. This is a fab dive bar that offers everything I love. Solid, solid diner food that is so consistent and delicious that no matter how eccentric or dodgy the service is, you come back again and again. Cheap beer (Happy Hour is from 11:00am to 8:00pm - what?!). Karaoke on Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights (the song list is the most extensive I've ever seen). Friendly management (the manager Terry is a gem and is known for buying you drinks on your birthday, or a free round now and again).Is the ambiance nice? Kind of a trick question, as there is none. It's gloriously dated, and unpretentious. No one's here for the decor. You won't score food-snob credibility by coming here. This isn't a place to be seen.But the food. Yum. Bar none, Rosie's serves best BLTC I've ever had - the bacon cooked extra crisp, bread toasted perfectly. Even better is their Neptune Benedict - tangy hollandaise sauce over seafood blend and an English muffin. It's all yummy, simple and dirt cheap.And the karaoke: what a mixed crowd! You've got a great blend of neighbourhood rub-a-dubs, wasted University students, and a whole host of other individuals who completely lack self-awareness (I belong to this latter category). It's a blast to have a few rounds and belt out a few tunes on the weekend. Joel K's review is spot-on too - this is totally a great place to spend an evening. The thing is, it's a great place to quell your hangover in perfectly-cooked breakfast the next morning, too.I hope nothing about this place changes, ever. Rosie's is totally one of my favourites, although my friends are generally a little shocked the first time that I bring them here. Give it a go!
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,5/27/2013,31,151,,3,2>I've been to Naanolicious twice now and I quite like it. It's nice and warm inside, even though we were sitting near the door. Must be from the tandoor oven that I hear they have in the kitchen. They have some awesome Bollywood music videos on their TVs in the background...I really like the naan here - soft and chewy and slightly charred in some spots. I've tried the garlic one (yum!) and the onion-stuffed one (also yum!). The onion one has bits of red onion chopped up in it and it's not too overpowering. I wanted to try the paneer one but my husband, who has been here a few more times than I have, said it wasn't that impressive (not sure why). Make sure to order a side of their fantastic curry sauce and raita to dip the naan in!For mains we had the grilled seafood platter and the biryani. The seafood platter comes with breaded fish, scallops, large shrimp, and baby squid, with chunks of pepper and mushrooms in a spicy (I asked for it) sauce and a side of saffron rice. I thought everything was perfectly cooked, and spiced just right. It was actually a pretty large platter - if you are starting with naan, you can probably share this comfortably between two people instead of each getting a main. My only minor complaint is that it is supposed to come with crab, but all I could see were large flakes of fake crab meat.The biryani was different than others we'd had before, with some nut and beef chunks mixed into coconut rice. The beef was a little overcooked and dry, but the dish was still tasty. It was served in this really pretty metal serving dish - must find out where to buy them :)Service was really good even though the restaurant was about 3/4 full. For you germaphobes out there, the women's washroom is modern and very clean. They do take Visa and you can also order food through their website. Unsure if they have parking. They are also open late night on the weekend, in case you need an Indian fix after some boozing :)
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/13/2013,5/26/2013,94,253,3,8,4>I have vivid memories of having bannock burgers at the dog sled races I attended during my teens. I would come in, absolutely frozen, from the winter elements and chow down on a homemade burger cradled in a tender bun of freshly baked bannock.Those days are just memories now, but when I heard that bannock burgers would be served in Edmonton, I was seriously excited. The place is inside a soccer club, but don't be dissuaded by that. There's plenty of seating and many of the patrons are not there to watch their kids kick a ball around. Be forewarned - cash only and there's no ATM on site.The menu is simple, and you can customize your burger with cheese, bacon and/or mushrooms. Everything smelled great but we waited close to 40 minutes for our food. I think they actually ran out of bannock (I was trying to eavesdrop on the kitchen) and I can cut them a lot of slack, considering it was only their second day.When the food finally arrived, it was delicious. The meat was juicy, the cheese was all melty and gooey, and the mushrooms were properly sauteed. The bannock itself was the deep-fried variety, but it was still very fluffy and light. There are a few kinks to be ironed out of the system, but Bannock Burger is off to a great start.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,5/25/2013,164,49,,9,3>Was referred to Edmonton holistic when my oldest cat got sick after her companion of 18 years passed away a few days earlier.  Their comfort and care during the last 7 weeks of her life is something I've eternally grateful for.After the many weeks of alternative pet care including herbal formulas as well as traditional methods and the use of acupuncture, my best friend of 19 years was put down.  She simply did not want to be a lone cat of the house any longer.the last moments were quite well handled.  We were led into a room that had been lovingly prepared, lit with a candle and aromatherapy.  We were allowed to settle in and then have as much time as we wanted after the end of life procedure. We were not rushed and I felt like I could spend as much time as I wanted after she was gone.  I really appreciated that.I realize I've said nearly nothing about their actual care, but just how we experienced the last moment but if I can relay to you their caring and understanding, then I hope I've done that.I never really knew there were holistic animal care options with my first cat, and I'll do whatever I can share this business and these people with whomever i can.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2013,5/24/2013,353,217,3,10,7>I think it's pretty safe to say that Mercer Tavern is my "stompin' grounds." I come here more often than I'd like to admit, particularly for 1/2 priced bottles of wine on Thursday. Perfect for girls nights! The service here is good, the ambiance is good, and the crowd is pretty good too. It can get packed in here on the weekends, if you're down to party. But it's usually pretty bumpin' on a regular ol' weeknight as well.  The decor is super trendy, and reminds me of all the hipster joints I used to frequent in Vancouver. Hockey can be found on the TVs during the appropriate season (though they had Cleopatra (1963) playing the other night). The food is good, though I usually only come here for drinks.My only qualm, is that sometimes I like to dance, and though the small dancefloor is adequate... the music often sucks. One time, around midnight, I couldn't BELIEVE how bad the music was. Song after song, it just got worse. There was an old Nickelback song, a sad Adele remix (I'm pretty sure I saw a drunk girl crying in the corner and I'm blaming that song-choice), and then oddly enough, the DJ played the Charlie theme song. What? I took a video of this as proof because I was in disbelief and needed to make sure the next morning that I wasn't just imagining things. Mercer is probably the most reliable bar in Edmonton. No matter what you're mood (if you want to sit and chill with your friends, mingle or dance on a Saturday night, stop by for dinner and wine, etc.), it always delivers. I always have a great time here.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,5/23/2013,8,16,14,10,9>I asked my friend if he wanted to go slum it up in a dive bar, but since he has a talent for getting mugged he suggested Hawkeye's instead.  I was skeptical, but decided to give it a try.Immediately upon being seated, the server got us drinks and dropped off a menu.  I settled on the dry ribs and a Cajun chicken burger, both of which were excellent.  I'm pretty sure the chicken was brined before being rolled in the spices, which is rare, and I thought about that for a while as I sipped Canadian from a giant mustard glass and watched an altercation unfold between three gentlemen.  One of them was kicked out.He immediately went to the window where he began to shout and gesture at the other two, until a random passerby started a fight with him while he wasn't looking and he got his face slammed against the glass window.  Someone behind the bar put the dueling banjos song from Deliverance on, and it hit a crescendo right as the fight went to ground.  Then, as suddenly as the fight began, they both got up and left in different directions.I went outside to smoke a cigarette, and the manager told me he was sorry if my dinner had been ruined.  Quite the contrary, I assured him, and then started a debate with a biker with a ZZ Top beard and a chick who'd just come from a rave about whether the gentleman who had been kicked out was on drugs.  The raver and I agreed that no, he wasn't.It wasn't long before he came back, though, and started making tearful gestures at the two men who'd remained inside.  He looked like he was in agony, which I guess prompted the same guy behind the bar to put on REM's "Everybody Hurts."  Out of nowhere the same guy from before appeared to beat him up again, and they both left after some shooing by the manager.Before long we were absorbed by a table of clean-cut folks in their early twenties who kept handing us drinks.  We started talking politics and laughing too loudly, and it was somewhere around this point that I realized that the place was suddenly full and that despite that, the one server in the entire place was effortlessly keeping up.  What an all-star.Then there was karaoke.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,5/22/2013,292,404,4,9,5>It's taken me three visits to pin down a review for Edmonton's new Izakaya.  I am totally new to this "Japanese pub food" thing but the idea that an Izakaya is a place to meet, socialize, drink and then eat some, makes me think of it as exactly the kind of place I'd like to visit often. I'm not much of a sake drinker - in fact, I am going to go out on a limb and say that I don't think I've ever become even mildly tipsy from sake. So there goes the drinking aspect of the Izakaya. They do carry some interesting craft beers. I found a couple of Mikkeller bottles in the fridge there.  Generally though, the possibility of having a few drinks and a bit of food is all I want from this place, especially since it's located in the middle of nowhere, a common feature of Edmonton that I have given into, now. The food is fantastic.  Yes, it's Japanese. No, they don't really have a generic sushi menu. In fact, they have two or three raw fish items on the menu. The rest is fascinating stuff like slow simmered pork belly, beef tataki, oyster ponzu, kimchi pork, some fried chicken and a lot of fish.  There weren't many low points in the meal and most of the stuff tasted pretty good.  Price-wise, I'm not that happy.  Out of my three visits, the one where we ate enough to fill ourselves, the bill came to about $40 per person, only on food.  I think that's expensive, but not sure if others feel that way given that Japanese food tends to be more expensive anyhow.Dropping one star mainly because its location is kinda odd for a place that's meant to be visited to drink and be merry. I'd have to drive there and then plan a night cap elsewhere (possibly Three Boars, which honestly is the Prairie version of an Izakaya).  I do however wish them the best. Plan to visit this place often for all my Japanese cravings, especially if I am feeling rich.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,5/21/2013,32,60,3,6,4>I've only been here 4 times, and every time i come i get the same good service and food. I can kinda tell that the waitress dislikes when me and my friend ask to sit in the bar area away from everyone else and the door, cause in the winter it gets pretty cold when people open and close the door frequently. So its a plus that she sucks it up and allows us. haha. Another great thing is the speed. When you finish your order on the order sheet, they pick it up, and within 5 minutes your food will start to come. I wish we could order some items from the dinner menu especially sashimi. But you could always order the ones that come with rice. I swear every time i go there i have to order like 6 orders of the beef, they end up putting it all on a big plate and it looks mountainous. Great place to go to grab lunch if you're super hungry, gotta get there before 2 cause they close at 3 and you wont have enough time to eat and enjoy it!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,5/20/2013,14,139,,2,2>This is a decent little pub just off Whyte ave that seems to attract a somewhat 'artsy' crowd. The food is really good and their selection of beer is awesome. My only complaint is that the place is just a single small room and the tables and chairs are plain jane but really you shouldn't let that stop you from trying this place out. Overall there are better pubs in the area but the thing that will keep me coming back is their hot wings (but you've got to ask them to make them extra hot).
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,5/19/2013,31,99,4,6,5>I consider myself somewhat of a pizza expert. I mean, pizza is one of my food groups.  I am practically a pizza scientist. Fancy pizza (ie: Famoso), drunk person pizza (ie: Pizza 73), fast pizza (food court) and delivery, Friday night, pizza party pizza (Boston Pizza, Royal Pizza, etc) - I love it all.Hot Pizza falls into my realm of Friday Night pizza and it is my absolute FAVORITE. It is a great price, it's fast and the crust, hands down, is the best pizza crust I've ever had. It's fresh, it's crispy, it's chewy, it's even good the next day cold. It's thick but not too thick, not too greasy, not too dry and absolutely PERFECT.The hours of Hot Pizza are unbelievable - these guys are pretty much open whenever you need them to be. The location leaves a little to be desired, but at least it's central and there's a parking lot (which is nice, being downtown). I've never had them deliver (only pick up) but I know these services are offered.They offer pizza in three sizes (medium, large and extra large) and also pizza by the slice (all though I can't vouch for it). Service is fast and the quality is consistent. If you are looking to bust out of the chain pizza cycle, definitely give these guys a try.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,5/18/2013,67,269,5,4,3>I LOVE THE BOOKSTORE.They have everything. Office supplies (my weakness), gifts (both UofA themed and not, in varying levels of tackiness), a decent selection of cards, a pharmacy (with my favourite pharmacist)... oh, and books too. I can spend a lot of time wandering around in here, choosing notebooks and pens. Lately their selection of whiteboard markers has been pretty bad though (if you care about that).The best item they've ever sold? The Butterdome butter dish. Apparently other people don't agree with me though... they've got a big stack on for $1 and they still can't seem to get rid of them.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,5/17/2013,21,40,2,5,3>The dining experience was pleasant -- good service and ambiance.  It was quiet and empty when I went, but I was told that it is usually busy and can get quite noisy.  Don't be off put by the prices as dishes are served "family style", in large portions that are meant to be shared. This does limit the amount of variety you can have if there are just two of you, but it is definitely good for large groups. The menu is split up into appetizers, pasta, entrees, vegetables/sides and desserts. We ordered the caprese salad and the rigatoni, both of which were quite good. The cavoletti di Bruxelles was likely the tastiest dish of brussels sprouts I have ever eaten. If you are a cookie lover, you absolutely must order the biscotti assortiti (one dozen fresh baked cookies). These are made to order and arrive warm and utterly delicious. The wine list is extensive, although a bit overpriced. One complaint I have is that I was not first poured a sample of my wine to taste. The server simply poured the entire amount into my glass. Vivo is easy to miss as it is tucked away in a plaza, but it is definitely worth a visit.  Reservations are recommended and can be done through OpenTable.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,5/16/2013,22,29,4,5,5>Drift clearly had no trouble shaking off winter and getting ready for a new season of street food.Already a fan in 2011, I hit them up on their first day back on the streets of Edmonton in 2012. In the middle of a snowy afternoon, no less.If Edmonton has a competition for best fries (and it probably should), Drift is going to be fighting off the challengers with its spiced Drift fries(roasted fennel, cumin, mustard seeds, and chili) and even their salt and pepper fries. Hot, crispy outside soft inside, deliciousness. Pair them with the house ketchup and it's enough to make you think about fries alone for a meal.But then you'd be missing out on the sandwiches.Jerk chicken is a favourite, and my first choice of 2012. The chicken's juicy, the slaw adds a crunch, and the pineapple gives the sandwich a bit of sweetness. Easily one of the best sandwiches I've ever had (and had again, and again). It was the perfect way to kiss winter goodbye.It looks like Drift has some new sandwiches, and soups! for 2012 too. It's going to be a good year.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2012,5/15/2013,12,4,,3,3>I crave Nomad Kitchen.  I tried it at the beginning of the year at an event they catered, and made sure to grab their card to Google them afterwards.  I was so happy to discover they were a food truck as well!They know how to handle their pork!  The pulled pork sandwich ($9) I tried this week was amazing but their side of potato salad was spectacular!  I have never had potato salad that still has me talking about it on the third day.  It was the perfect blend of... everything they put in it.  I cannot remember ingredients as all I was thinking was mmmmmm.  Just try it, you cannot go wrong.You also have to love their humour, calling their mac and cheese "crack and cheese ($8)."
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,5/14/2013,83,11,,3,2>Man, I LOVE THIS PLACE!The fake chicken is some of the best and most flavourful you'll find in the city. I've sampled a number of dishes, and can honestly say that the only dish that didn't appeal to me (or either of the compadres at the table) was the shrimp. The texture isn't especially pleasant, but every other "meat" was delightful.Next time in, we plan to sample every appetizer, since it seems to be the only page we haven't pursued. Thanks fellow Yelpers for the suggestions!  :)
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,5/13/2013,3,18,3,3,5>I love the AGA simply because it offers so much. There are the exhibits, yes, but I've also enjoyed an afternoon on their rooftop terrace or taken adult art classes in their basement annex. I repeatedly take guests here for an afternoon that isn't too "museumy" and when I want to impress them with a cool example of Edmonton architecture.I like the Gift Shop as well, as you can find more than just souvenirs from the travelling exhibits. The book selection is awesome, if you have a hard-to-buy-for friend, check out the Gift Shop for an idea, or buy them a gift certificate!I tend to enjoy the interactive exhibits upstairs as I can get a little bored moving from piece to piece whilst reading wall plaques. I've spent time here with dates, my sister, my Mom and solo. Again, the terrace up top is where your hipster friends had their wedding photos taken and where you'll find awesome views of DT Edmonton. The art classes are cheap and for beginners like me who just want to try something new. I've met some cool people through these art classes, and the instructors are fun and friendly. If you haven't checked out the AGA you should make it your business to do so. Especially now while you can enjoy their terrace!
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,5/12/2013,69,90,4,5,5>I use to go to this place almost every week. However, this is for the time that they were at their old place. It was small scale intimate location. The quality of food was excellent and the flavors were spot on. My favorites were the Thai salad, green curry and the hot (extremely) and sour soup. I am also a big fan of shrimp appetizers. When they moved to the new location (Current), in my opinion, the quality has dropped a lot. They are no longer consistent and they have on and off nights. It is still my favorite Thai place in town but I miss the old location. BTW, do not forget to try the mango ice-cream with sticky rice :D As it is cash only, do not forget to take a lot of cash.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,5/11/2013,12,57,,4,1>I really liked it here! It's in the same spot as the old Sugar Bowl, which was dark and noisy, and now it's light, refreshing looking and peaceful! I had the seitan donair and it was excellent! My wife had the TVP tacos, and while she liked them, they needed a third taco on the plate to make it filling enough. They were very attentive, and when you get a coffee, you get a nice big cup of coffee. It's nice to have another good vegetarian restaurant in town. On a side note, if I had to rate the attached pet bakery, I'd give it one star. I'm sure the food was all right, but the blond woman behind the counter was so rude! She refused to say more than two words to me, didn't smile, and really, after such a nice meal at the restaurant, kind of soured the experience. Sad, as it was so nice up until we went in there.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,5/10/2013,41,524,1,6,2>This review isn't so much for the mall and the attractions but for the washrooms within the mall.  For people who aren't familiar with the mall, they will tend to use the more widely used washrooms but there are some places you could find clean, and rarely used toilets.  The busiest is likely the one on the main level by the rink and doors to the buses.  I would stay away from this if you can help it.It's good to see the mall has renovated washrooms, including the ones upstairs by the skating rink and towards Eveline Charles, and upstairs by Sears.  Now instead of cramped and stinky washrooms, they are cleaner and brighter.  You may need to line up still.There are a few places in the mall that I'll use the washroom knowing it'll be clean and not as busy.  The first is in the casino on the second floor.  There are 2 sets, one upstairs and the other downstairs towards the back of the casino.  The one downstairs has so many stalls that on an afternoon, you can find one where the seat is still up so no one has used it all day since it was cleaned!The Fantasyland Hotel washrooms, accessible from the second floor and walking up the stairs are also clean and has many stalls.  I'm not sure if you can also access them at all times though.There are some washrooms in stores that are likely not well used.  I remember in the past, The Brick had one on the bottom floor, and Simons has one on the second floor.  The Bay and Sears can both be smelly and dirty.   Eveline Charles have washrooms if you are using their services.  Galaxyland washrooms can get busy, but I've often see the cleaners in there so that's a good sign they are cleaned.Compared to other malls, at least there are many washrooms to choose from.  Even though I have gone to the many washrooms in the years I've been coming to the mall, this isn't the reason why I'm there!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,5/9/2013,24,122,,5,3>I have to admit that I fell in love with this salon as soon as I walked in.  The shop is of moderate size, but designed well, with dark hardwood floors, and two walls of windows. The whole place feels bright, intimate and high end.  The dress selection they have is small, but the dresses they do have are stunning.  There are a number of racks in the middle of the store, and are organized by price, with the same number of dresses in the $1000-2000 range as in the $4000+ range.  This is one of the few salons in the city that carries some of the high end dresses you see on TV, and I recognized a couple from Say Yes To The Dress immediately.  The changing areas are enormous and private, with a large curtained area for changing, and a private mirror, couch and pedestal for each change room.   My consultant Ashley was very nice and patient, and had no problem with me trying on a large over-budget dress that I knew I wouldn't be purchasing but was curious to see how it would look on me (it was pink, I couldn't resist).After my first trip I didn't find THE dress, but I knew that the store carried dresses by a designer that made a dress I really liked online.  I'm not sure if this applies to all dresses, but for Lazaro dresses they will bring in a dress for a weekend (three days) for you to try on.  You pay the cost to ship the dress to/from the New York showroom, and if you buy any dress at the salon the shipping costs are deducted from your final bill.  I had to think about it for a few weeks, but when I decided I wanted to have the dress I liked to sent to the salon, the process was very easy and Ashley was readily available via email to answer questions and set up the appointment.  They also ensure that you are available to try on the dress before they decide when to ship the dress.The dress I ordered was perfect for me, and I purchased immediately.  Measurements were done twice by two different people to make sure no mistakes were made when ordering, and I was brought champagne to celebrate my purchase.  As a "thank you" I also got to pick a free garter belt from their cabinet (about 15 styles/colors to choose from).  I'll update my review after my dress comes in and I go through alterations, but I couldn't be happier with Delica and my dress.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,5/8/2013,49,117,,5,7>Pleasantly surprised to know that there is an AUTHENTIC Taiwanese tea place in Edmonton.Friendly family owned business who appreciates you for stopping by.I didn't know what to think of it when I first entered into the store. There were shelves of  clothes, shoes, teas, jewelries, toys and a who bunch of different stuff they sell here imported from Taiwan? I'm not interested in there products, because it's overpriced. But while I'm here, I'll browse around for fun.I don't know how to describe this slap together seating area either.....Until you walk to the back of the store that's when you realize you're really here for the tea! The menu is very small with a few signature drinks and snacks. I tried the Green Cap Tea. The owner knew that this was my first time trying this type of tea explained to me that the foam is a salted cheese foam and must be drank with the green tea mixed in your mouth. Learning how to drink this tea was very interesting. Mmmmmmm so good and very tasty. I was so happy they used high quality green tea! I ordered the large which came in a size of a yogurt container! It looked like a giant pint of beer. I couldn't finish my drink and had to ask for a lid to go. It's so fun enjoying this refreshing drink sip by sip. You will fall in love with this Taiwanese drink so fast that you won't know what hit you! LOLWe ordered there Taiwanese Pancakes. You can choose a filling. We chose the Melting Gold (made with salted duck eggs). Wait for the pancakes to cool down a little and you will enjoy this delightful treat.Trying something new is always fascinating. I am looking forward to coming back here to try the rest of there drinks and snacks!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,5/7/2013,56,221,,3,3>Great place to grab some lunch. The parking/location is a little unusual. You might drive right by the turn off and its a pain to get back so keep your eyes peeled for the parking lot entrance. Every time I go in theres usually a line up, shows that there is definitely an interest in the food here but the line moves real fast, staff are able to give you your orders in a timely manner. They have the option of a regular or large, I always get the regular and its more than enough to fill me up. lunch for 2 would cost about $20 including 2 drinks, so its average price. There is plenty of seating but as I said before this place gets busy and can fill up pretty fast. They also have a yelp sticker in their window, come on isn't that enough to check it out?
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,5/6/2013,14,141,,5,4>Come here...come often...leave happy.Sherbrooke used to be my go to place for beer in the city...but over the past year, it's been supplanted by Keg N Cork. I can't walk in this store without leaving with a box of beer. They always have a solid selection of standards and there's always a few surprises.And off in the corner, they now have a growler station. I can get fresh beer for home for a reasonable price...now that makes sense. Last October, I was stopping at all the liquor depots in my area looking for a six pack of pumpkin beer for my Thanksgiving Supper and was very disappointed to hear "Pumpkin beer is sold out in the city". I didn't exactly believe that, but knew it might be difficult to find. A quick phone call to KnC and I find out they not only have pumpkin beer, but on tap.That leads me to my only problem with this store...it's a bit out of the way. If it were closer to home, I wouldn't have even bothered going to my nearby stores for a generic six pack. Still, if that's my only complaint, they're doing really good.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,5/5/2013,19,49,3,7,4>Amid rave reviews, I went to Japonais Bistro hearing that they were the only place in Edmonton that served sashimi the way it was meant to be served.Any place worth it's weight in Japanese food needs a good beef tataki. The seared beef and ponzu dish delivered a nice buttery cut though it could have come with more accoutrements of seaweed and pickled things. This dish opened the eyes of a tataki hater at my table.My expectations for the delux sashimi were sky high and while the offerings were nice, it didn't meet the expectations that reviews had garnished. I am not entirely sure, the way tuna was meant to be served was with ice crystals throughout. Scallops, salmon, and squid were clearly better any Edmonton offering that I've tasted. As a lover of shrimp, the shrimp sashimi fell flat because there was no hint of sweetness that the shelled beasts are famous for. As for the mackerel, I've never liked this fish but this place - gave me an unfamiliar version that did away with the stinking pungency and staying aftertaste of mackerel - I don't know what to believe anymore.The bento box was a bento box - it was forgettable except for the pictures. I think I liked the tempura and sunomuno and was not disappointed by any component but this elicited zero emotion. Mikado still has the bento in town.Dessert looked unappealing when finally plated, I blame the sludgy look of green tea ice cream and matcha that adorns nearly all of the sweet plates. Don't get the banana spring rolls if you are going for dessert, they were a bland, soulless, and ineffectual creation that only exist perhaps to make a novelty and charge $8.I enjoyed most of the dishes that made there way to the table, this might not read like a 4-star review but the state of this restaurant in my experience was tempered too much by expectations of fresh fish that altered time and space to make it to my plate.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2012,5/4/2013,30,54,3,4,2>Great Indian food: actually this is the tastiest place on campus I've eaten at. I'm not exactly sure how the combo plates work, I just point at a few of the many delicious looking dishes they have that day and pay the $8.50 they charge. The owners are amazingly nice and very willing to help choose items for the combo plates, if you're lost. The dishes are on a rotation too so you could eat here every day and get a really good variety.Usually when food is this delicious it's too good to be "healthy". But I think this is an exception to the rule: a good place for the health conscious. For vegans looking for protein, this is probably one of the only places on campus.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/16/2012,5/3/2013,21,31,1,4,3>Okay - I will preface this review with some honesty. The night we went to El Rancho we had actually tried to get into a BBQ place elsewhere, but got turned away (it was insanely packed right until closing, and we were already pretty late.) So we were craving BBQ, when we stumbled upon El Rancho and decided... eh, what the heck?It was delicious.Now - as good as the food was (and it was very, very good) there were some problems.The service was pretty slow, and our server was underage, which was an impediment to him knowing anything about the beer we were trying to order. We were sitting at our table for some time before we were served - and just as long before our food came out.Second major problem was the space itself. It was a very small space, and it was crammed full of as many tables as possible. One of my friends and I literally had to squeeze into our chairs. It was... not a comfortable experience. The ambiance was also... I don't know. Odd? I can't really put my finger on it, but something just didn't click with me.But the food was really good! Really, really good.I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to eat at El Rancho again (partly because it's no where near my house,) but I don't regret having eaten there. If you can forgive the service and the location, the food is delectable and well worth trying out.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,5/2/2013,114,46,1,5,4>I love this place. The retro feel, the way the staff treats you and the FOOOOOOD!!!!!!I always like grabbing a tasty lunch here, with it's a great sort of outside the box look and feel, but it is the Po'Boys that keep me coming back. They make some great renditions of Po'Boys. Blackened Chicken is one of the go to basics, but I like to go for a good Blackened Catfish myself. Not everything is blackened though, they do have a sauteed veggie and even oysters or calamari. What ever you order you will get treated like a rock star, thats just how they roll!
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,5/1/2013,13,51,,3,3>I love this place! I am almost reluctant to write a review because I am worried it will become even more popular, which would mean even more challenging for me to get a seat or a table when I go there... The food is delicious. The beer menu is always interesting and there tend to be beers on tap that I haven't even heard of (they rotate). In addition to good food and drinks, the atmosphere is really good, they've got friendly staff, and they usually play great music. The only problem is that the restaurant (upstairs) and the bar (downstairs) are both a bit small, so it doesn't take a lot before the place is packed. Still, the scale of things kind of adds to the feel of the place - which is good as long as you can get in. Not so good when you show up and they have a 1h wait for a table. On the positive side, they take reservations, so with a bit of planning ahead it is quite possible to get in even on the most popular nights!
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,4/30/2013,158,543,4,7,4>Third and final update for me...I ended up having one eye operated again and the results are great!  I still experiene some bluriness in one eye but overall, I would do it again in a heart beat! It's so nice to not have my eye glasses fog up on me after walking outside in the winter, no snow flakes/rain drops blurring my view, and to not have my toddler smash his head into my glasses anymore; although, he can now poke my eyes in a flash!I'm glad I opted for the silicone eye plug and I'm no longer finding my eyes dryer than they were previously.I'd give them 5 stars except my Mom's experience hasn't been so great. I'm guessing it has to do with her age, diabetes, etc. but the poor woman doesn't even feel comfortable driving now 5 months later and is still waiting to have her eyes touched up.  They said she is experiencing the early onset of cataracts if I'm remembering correctly so I know there is more at play for her than the surgery itself.  But it's sad that she has spent so much money and her eyes are now worse than they were.  The end result will likely not be a happy one for her.Moral of the story - definitely take age and medical conditions into consideration.  My sis-in-law had the same surgery performed here a few months back and is in love with her new glassless face, too!2 of the 3 of us are on cloud 9, but unfortunately my Mom wishes she could just go back in time and stick with her glasses.As a funny side note, my toddler thinks Dr. Mah (one of the eye doctors there) is the nicest lady in the world because when we would visit, she would find juice boxes and snacks!  Awe, to be a toddler again!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,4/29/2013,34,170,,3,3>Four words: IN-CRED-I-BLE.  Ok, it's one... but it deserves four when we're talking about Sunbake.This place has been on my "to try" list for quite some time, and I know it won't be long before we are back... the staff/owners were SUPER friendly, and the food was incredible.  The prices are also very reasonable (bordering on cheap).There are only two things that could improve this place: 1. location -- more central and not on some weird side street; 2. more seating.Other than that... not to be missed.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,4/28/2013,74,399,3,4,4>This place totally brought me back to my childhood with its rainbow, plastic magnetic letters that make up the menu. I really wanted to mix them all up, but I couldn't reach, and that wouldn't be very nice. My friend brought me to this place for lunch, and I'm a huge fan now. I had a curry soup and a greek salad--both gluten-free and totally made from scratch. They were both so delicious, and cheap prices too. They have lots of other things, like sandwiches and ravioli. They even have hot chocolate, mochas (soy available!), and home-made iced tea.There's one other thing that is really cool about this place. They have a table Ms. Pacman machine. This is my all-time favourite game, so I was disappointed that a girl was sitting there. Actually, I wanted to threaten her and tell her to get the hell out of my table, but I didn't want to make a scene.Awesome place. I will so be back.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,4/27/2013,142,215,,4,3>HIDDEN GEM. What a delicious secret in Edmonton! This adorable cafe serves the most delightful breakfasts ever -- and as you know, breakfast is my meal of choice. Poppyseed French toast? Why haven't I thought of that before? Venue is small but cute and sunny. Decor is bright and so are staff smiles. The food and coffee are delicious, and I think I'll give these "brown bag" lunches for the downtown crowd a try. I've been here twice for brunch with friends and both times I went away beaming. I highly recommend Fresh!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,4/26/2013,44,93,7,6,6>I love my neighbourhood and now there is one more reason:  the Cavern!  The only drawback as you approach the entrance to the Cavern, you will notice one humongous WeightWatchers sign posted not so conveniently next to the Cavern's entrance!  And I love my cheese and wine and the Cavern is just the place for picking up some very fine International Cheese and Wine.Lovely and sublime interior which really suits the warehouse district.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,4/25/2013,97,490,2,4,3>Located in the same strip mall as Lan's Asian Cuisine, Donair Way appears to be just another Donair place amidst a sea of similar establishments, but there's a lot more here under the surface. While the Donair here is as tasty and meaty as it is anywhere else, it actually is not a star attraction here, though I appreciated that they fried onions on the griddle for mine. Donair Way is owned and run by a Lebanese-Canadian family and the menu includes a number of Lebanese snacks in addition to what appears to be the usual suspects at these donair places.The highlights are actually:The Falafel: Perfectly fried and homemade. I'm not sure if these are as good as Al Salam's on the south side, but this is a great option for the neighbourhood.The Hummus: This is also homemade, always fresh, garlicky, and the best I've had in Edmonton. And it's less expensive than what you can buy at the grocery store.Lahmajun (Meat Pie): The owner's wife makes these fresh daily - the owners likens them to a pizza. The crust is a homemade flatbread (I believe that they use pita from another bakery in town for the sandwiches) and the topping is a combination of finely minced ground beef, tomatoes, and onions. The very friendly and talkative owner also touted his cheese pies, which I believe are called Fatayer bi Jeban, which is similar to the meat pie, but with a topping consisting of mozzarella and cheddar cheeses. He promised me a free one the next time I come back.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,4/24/2013,50,288,1,4,3>A few months after I first visited Noorish I started getting this craving for the green elixer drink that I had here. I'll be honest in saying that veggies are not my favourite of food groups, but the green elixer here is really good, and has made me reconsider the idea of green smoothies being yucky. Turns out they're pretty fantastic.I decided to get the mac 'n cheese on my recent visit. Of course being a vegan dish the cheese sauce isn't actually cheese, but made of nuts (cashews I believe), which might seem a little strange to some people, but the dish was really good. It doesn't taste exactly like regular mac and cheese, but it's still really good. It has a creamy flavour to it, but it's also a little nutty. You get the choice of adding an infused oil, either jalapeño or basil. I chose jalapeño and it was good, although I wish it was little spicier.I sat at the bar, and my order came pretty quickly. Noorish probably isn't the cheapest vegan/vegetarian option in Edmonton, but it is always excellent here, and being a raw restaurant they have some really unique dishes. I really appreciate the fact there are several soy-free options here, because soy really bothers me. They also have different classes, workshops, and events throughout the months, plus the yoga studio on-site. Noorish isn't the first restaurant you might associate with Edmonton, but I'm glad it's here, and I'll be happy to come back again.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/31/2012,4/23/2013,187,341,4,5,3>Pampa has always intrigued me, but I would never splash out to dine there as the price tag is fairly high for someone who just can't eat mountains of meat. I was pretty pleased when my workplace decided to have their Christmas lunch there. There were about 15 of us so we got to sit at the big, square table right in front of the kitchen. Our waitress (Emily, I believe) was great from start to finish. Really attentive and peppy, coming to the table at just the right times but not too often. The gentlemen serving the meat were also very on the ball, coming around quite frequently. I tried five different meats - a chicken dish, a pork dish, a steak, some other beef, and a sausage. The chicken was the star for me by far. The pork was good for the first few bites but it was quite fatty and I couldn't finish it. The steak was alright but quite rare, and the other beef I tried was way too tough. Ironically enough, I really loved the salad bar. The salad dressings were fantastic. There were lots of other selections that I can't remember anymore, but I was impressed.If Pampa could somehow offer a slightly reduced price for people who only wanted to eat at the salad bar (ha!), I would certainly go back. As it stands, it is far too much meat for me so I would find it hard to spend $45 to go back as I could never eat $45 worth of food there.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,4/22/2013,509,247,3,6,4>Fantastic Donairs!!!!!!! I stopped here tonight and ordered a super Donair. I never realized the special takeout treat I was in for!!! This Donair was super huge, very sloppy, over flowing with meat, lots of sauce and ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh so damn EFFING GOOD!!! There is no way I could contain this Donair in one piece but had lots left over for lunch tomorrow.I seen some of the pizzas and look forward to trying them as well some day. They have quite an assortment of pub grub items on the menu. For now I am so happy to finally get another decent Donair place on the North End. They have a couple tables to eat in but mostly a takeout and order place. I highly recommend this place for their awesome Donairs!!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,4/21/2013,29,61,3,8,8>Try the chai tea! Awesome!So glad I paid a visit!  The owners are super kind and they are artists!  They care about the ingredients in their drinks and food.  Everything is fresh.  The space is wonderful, decor is simple and elegant.  It's a place you can go and just sit down and relax.  Be sure to try it :)
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,4/20/2013,10,16,7,4,5>Well. That was just fantastic! I will definitely be coming back again (and again).Great meal, unparalleled liquor selection, utterly helpful staff; what more could you ask for. Well, perhaps you could ask for "peace on earth" but Yelp is not the forum for such matters.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,4/19/2013,187,427,7,13,10>Managed to make my first visit to Rodeo Burgers as part of the Burger Quest UYE. My body craved a burger so I decided to make it a double and ordered the double barrel burger. And like most things double barreled, the burger has presence. It's big even for a large Arc like me. Fortunately, I am blessed with a bottomless stomach!For toppings I went with the works minus onions. The highlight of the toppings have to be the beets. Sweet and soft these beet tasted heavenly! And the red beet juice that drips out of the burger when you bite into it makes it looks like its bleeding, pretty funny! The ingredients were stellar. Lettuce and tomatoes were fresh. The burger itself tasted like a delicious, ooey gooey mess of beefy happiness. I also shared an order of fries and though you do get a very healthy portion (which might be unhealthy), I felt they were standard. Value-wise Rodeo Burger does extremely well. The prices are reasonable and you get large, quality portions. Check out their Facebook page that often have coupons (be sure to print them out). This makes a reasonable priced meal even more cost effective.I really enjoyed the Rodeo Burger venue. The restaurant is filled with cool pattern-brushed metal tables and the seating is comfortable. There are quite a few tables as well as a bench that faces the street. It's very clean with condiments and utensils easily accessible. Service is great and friendly. I like the fact that you can get alcohol here, though a tap of local brew would be more intrigiung.I am a fan!
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,4/18/2013,32,92,,2,2>This is one of my family's favourite Thai restaurants - and it's definitely mine too!  Beef and broccoli, black cod, and the ultimate fave, coconut curry chicken (K3)... Add some pad Thai  (again, probably the best in the city), and you'll thank me again and again!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,4/17/2013,8,46,,3,2>very knowledgeable staff, I took on a project that maybe IO should of left to a professional but the staff walked me through it step by step and explained issues I might have and how to fix them... It looks great and the wife is happyI also did alot of price comparison around Leduc and by doing this i saved $80 for the exact same wood i would have bought at their competitors I am starting to think of other projects I want to start LOL
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2012,4/16/2013,85,580,,5,3>It's now been twice that I've caved in and succumbed to the decadent delights of Sweet Lollapalooza. I had the privilege of meeting Chocolatier Brett Roy, who offered me a sample of anything I wished to try. I zoned in on the dark chocolate and honey nougat, and I'm so glad I did. It was heaven! Automatically I had to have more.The soft caramels are also delicious and simply melt in your mouth. A bag of these makes a great little gift for anyone who appreciates a little sweetness now and then.I will have to come back and sample something new everyday until I've tried it all, lol ... But in all seriousness, this chocolate shop is amazing and stands in a calibre of its own.If I remember correctly, they also offer chocolate-making workshops. Great idea for team-building!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,4/15/2013,220,814,2,3,2>One of the best lattes I have had recently. There, now that I got that out of the way, I have to admit this was my first time here. Leva is hidden away from the beaten path, sort of halfway between campus and Whyte Avenue. There are lots of tables, it is bright,  and like I said before, the coffee drinks  are excellent. Free wireless  means most of the people here have a laptop or some sort of device with them. Although it will mean going out of my way, I will be back.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,4/14/2013,115,132,,4,2>I must say that Simply Donair has gained ground and now passed Famous Joe's for my Donair needs. And that was achieved in 3 consecutive visits.Visit 1: Donair Poutine delivered by a friend to my work. Fries got a little soggy and there was a little too much sweet sauce for my liking but I ate the whole thing and stopped short of licking the aluminum take out tray.Visit 2: Regular Donair that I took to go. Very filling and tasty. Standard donair fillings and sauces but done perfectly.Visit 3: Donair Poutine eaten in the shop. This is definitely the way I'd suggest eating the Poutine. The fries stay crispy and everything is really hot. Also when the takeout lid is put on it flattens the whole thing and takes away some of the goodness. I did ask for half as much sweet sauce though and it was perfect for my tastebuds.Try this place and you won't go anywhere else for Donairs!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,4/12/2013,9,37,,5,3>Best overall restaurant experience I've had in Edmonton. I just wished we lived closer because it is a place I would go regularly if we did. The food was excellent, the service was very friendly and knowledgeable, and the prices were reasonable. The people that own this place and the Red Ox Inn seem to understand the importance of training their service staff, and how to do so well. Staff that can give knowledgeable guidance on wine selection seems to be a rarity in this town, but they certainly do it here. The food was excellent. The server recommended the chickpea fries, and they live up to hype - I am drooling a little thinking about them now. I did find the meal to be on the heavy side but that seems to be how it's done here in the winter. Also, it is a noise bomb at this place, maybe some padding or something to dampen the noise level would have been helpful.I can't say enough good things about the owners of Red Ox Inn and now Canteen.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,4/11/2013,85,49,,12,7>BEST PLACE TO SEND YOUR DOG/CAT that I've ever seen!I sent my 3 very shy, timid, keep to themselves, back away Pugs here for daycare and after maybe 2 visits totally changed them. They now play with other dogs, which I never thought I'd see! They come home so happy and now when I ask them "Wanna go to daycare?!" They run for the door. The floors in the dog area are heated and they can choose when to go out or in. The staff keeps me updated on how they're doing all the time. I was in Cuba and they even emailed me a photo of them. What kennel can you think of that would do that?!?! As soon as we go into the daycare all 3 of there tails start wagging and they instantly forget about me and run to the staff!! HAHA!!! I can't praise this place enough. Even if you live in Edmonton and its a little out of your way it's so very worth it. Changed my pugs completely, plus it's nice after daycare having them pooped out! LOL!!!
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,4/10/2013,35,101,3,8,6>Let's answer the obvious question right off the bat - this is a training facility for law enforcement and security personnel.With the new regulations set by the Solicitor General of Alberta, anyone wishing to enter the field of private security needs to complete a training program in order to qualify for a license.  Tip of Spear offers not only the basic training program, but also more advanced programs, as required.The facility can also be rented for law enforcement agencies who may not have training facilities of their own.  The two classrooms are equipped with 46' HDTVs for presentations, and the spacious combatives room is rigged out with all of the safety equipment you may require.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,4/9/2013,81,166,2,5,3>I had a great experience trying out Narayanni's at a UYE last week. First off, I was so excited to learn that they have a vegan buffet night on 1st and 3rd Tuesdays of every month. As a vegetarian, I often avoid buffets as I never feel like I can properly get my money's worth. However, there wasn't a single thing here I couldn't eat. It was almost overwhelming!Some of the highlights:-the pumpkin-ginger soup was surprisingly spicy. I wasn't expecting it to have so much kick but once I knew what I was getting into, I loved it!-there was only one tofu and one faux meat dish. The rest were all vegetable-based.-the vegan cheese in the Greek salad tasted just like the real thing. Yum!-I ate way too much roti bread for my own good. It was delicious.-The vegan chocolate mousse was amazing! The only issue I had is that no one offered us drinks. To be fair, I didn't really notice until I had finished eating but it would have been nice to have something to drink besides water. I don't want this complaint to reflect on the service as a whole though. All of the people we met were incredibly friendly and attentive. I'm sure our big group of Yelpers was somewhat intimidating!The only thing that might keep me from returning on a regular basis is the cost. $25 for the meal is a bit steep for a student budget. However, it's definitely worth it so I know I'll be treating myself again at some point in the near future.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,4/8/2013,35,96,,4,3>Catching Dan Mangan at the Winspear, we needed a downtown location to grab dinner and drinks before the show.  Within walking distance, we decided to hit Holmes.  The food was excellent!  My burger was huge and the Sheppard's Pie was delicious.  Happy hour prices on pints were not all that great.  Overall, if you are downtown and want that "pub" experience, give this place a try.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,4/7/2013,82,54,,3,4>Made the mistake of ordering an appetizer. The appetizer was great, but we were both defeated by our main dishes.The menu is a little off-kilter but the food is unquestionable. Tried the Roed Hus Road Kill, which is as follows:House baked waffle bun, mustard BBQ sauce, 8oz beef brisket topped with 2 pieces bacon, smoked cheddar, lettuce, tomato, pickles, 8oz smoked pork butt, onion rings, 4oz smoked chicken and berry BBQ sauce.NO REGRETS.Ribs weren't available at the time, but would gladly return.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/23/2013,4/6/2013,25,260,,7,3>Went here on a Tuesday for an early lunch. First time eating at Continental Treat but I've been passing it for years. Must be the "fine bistro" part of the restaurant's name that kept me away. They are going for a classic French style atmosphere with several interesting German dishes.What can I say, basically, the food is pretty tasty but the place is expensive! For lunch, the average entree price is $20. I don't mind paying more but for that price, it better be amazing.Anyways, they start you out with a basket of cold bread and butter. Three plain and pretty tasteless slices. Don't bother eating.For entrees, I ordered the wild mushroom and sauerkraut pierogi ($22). You get 8 pierogis (6 if you order the small for $17). I like that they are homemade and definitely were tasty but would I get it again for that price? Probably not. Pierogis were stuffed with mushroom, fried onion and the sour cabbage and comes with a side of sour cream.My dad ordered the lamb chop ($21) which came with spetzle and some vegetables. You get two small lamb chops in a brown, burgundy type sauce. Didn't try it but my dad said it was good.Food was good but I just can't get over the high prices when there are other good and cheaper options. Probably a good place for a date! Like how they have live jazz at nights. Get a seat by the window so you can people watch the Whyte Ave scene. Verdict - 3.5 stars if I could them that.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,4/5/2013,16,119,,4,3>FINALLY! Good barbecue in Edmonton!I just rolled myself back home after an impromptu dinner at Smokehouse. First impressions were: a strong, smoky smell, old church pews for booths, plastic tablecloths (a good omen of a messy meal to come), and paper menus. I want no pretense with my smoked meat, thank you--this is serious business.They had a fine selection of AlleyKat beers on tap, and a good-sized menu boasting something for everyone, including non-meativores. But that wasn't me tonight. I went straight in for the pulled pork sandwich. Our server informed us there was just a bit of the Memphis-style sauce on it, but I was excited about the "Carolina sauce" listed on the menu,  which had to be vinegar-based with a name like that. I attempted to order some, but I was told we'd get all the sauces in short order.The meat and sandwich were fantastic. There was but a squirt of sauce, making it really easy to assess the Carolina sauce--which, I have to admit, I didn't get past. It  was a respectably spicy vinegar sauce, just as I'd hoped. There was also the tiniest bit of slaw, which is the way a pulled pork sandwich should be served. I got some extra slaw on the side, too, which was quite good. But the meat was the shining star, and the fried pickle atop the bun just made everything perfect.Our friend ordered the brisket and ribs, and was delighted with both. The ribs had been cooked so perfectly that the meat slid off them. She said the cornbread was a bit dry, but we were all in agreement that you don't go to a place like this for anything but the meat. We couldn't humanly try the desserts after all the meat we'd consumed, but we will have to upon our return, which will be soon.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,4/4/2013,7,22,,4,3>I had meant to drop into Real Deal Meats while eating at Dumplings but never seemed to have time. Last week I went in and bought the whole deboned free range chicken and I'm very glad I did! It was honestly the best chicken I've ever had. It was so easy to cook (we covered top and bottom with a simple rub of chili peppers, lime & lemon peel, threw it on top of cloves of garlic, sliced onions & fennel root and a splash of  wine and olive oil- a 5 minute prep) and it turned out like something that took hours to prepare. There was no bone or cartilage but the bird still looked like it was whole and neat. I will be definitely returning and try other items.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,4/3/2013,41,93,4,5,3>What can I say about perfection? Dr. Cam McGinnis is my hero. I have been going to see him for years and have even managed to convert my husband over to the chiropractic side of life. What really sold my husband was when he threw out his back shovelling snow a couple years ago. It happened in early afternoon on a Saturday. I phoned Dr. McGinnis' office and the answering machine had an emergency phone number. I called the emergency number and it was Dr. McGinnis who answered. He asked a few questions about the type of pain my husband was in and what kind of mobility he had. He then decided it had to be dealt with that night. Here is the kicker -  it was Saturday night, there was a raging snowstorm going on (hence the hubby trying to keep caught up on the snow shovelling) and Dr. McGinnis, who lives in Edmonton, drove out to Sherwood Park to meet us at his clinic.The clinic was locked up but he met us there, let us in and treated my husband. He told my husband that if he hadn't had it adjusted right away, he would have taken a few weeks to recover versus a few days.The adjustment worked and my husband has been a fan of chiropractic care in general, and Dr. McGinnis in particular.I've referred several people to this clinic over the years and no one has ever had anything negative to say.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,4/2/2013,34,76,,7,5>Provisions has quickly become a local gem and a place I turn to when I need top quality ingredients. High end salts, the best vanillas, chocolates, and a whole bunch of great local flours plus ones that would appeal to the gluten free crowd highlight the kind of stuff you can expect to find here. Cookbooks and some kitchenware can also be found here. High end stuff at a surprisingly not-so-high end price.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,4/1/2013,155,209,,5,3>My mom and I visited the Red Ox Inn for her 60th birthday.  We were seated quickly and served with a beautiful Chenin Blanc.  We ordered two appetizers with the goal of sharing.  My mom ordered the smoked salmon and I ordered the beef tartar.  I am usually a bit wary of raw beef, but I figured if I was going to eat it this would be the place to do it.  Our appetizers arrived quickly and both were absolute perfection.  The tartar was fresh and beautifully seasoned and the salmon melted in your mouth.  We both decided to have the lamb done medium as our main.  Our food came quickly and we were taken off this earth with the beauty of the plates and deep, rich flavours.  The meat was done perfectly and the bacon jam and israeli couscous were amazing.  We savoured each bite.  We finished the meal with a white chocolate and meyer lemon souffle which went beautifully with our wine.  This was the suggestion of our server and he definitely got it right!  The entire evening was wonderful and this was honestly some of the best food I have ever had.  I can't wait to go back!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,3/31/2013,36,208,2,4,4>The best place for Asian groceries in Edmonton hands down. I live Downtown and previously went to Lucky 97 in Chinatown because it's close by. However, since this new location has opened, I actually go out of my way to the northside location to do my Asian grocery shopping.The store is big, clean, brightly lit and has ample parking -- none of which the Chinatown location can boast. Something that this location also has that the Chinatown location doesn't have is the eat in or take out dim sum, pho, banh mi, etc. Definitely convenient for the times you don't want to shop hungry or get hungry while shopping.It used to be fairly quiet here here but over the past month or so I've been noticing the store and its parking lot is getting more and more busy. That won't stop me from coming though. It's still less busy than T&T and I also feel that the prices are better than T&T... except for tofu. For some reason, tofu is always cheaper at T&T. The staff here are also very friendly, especially the men and women who cut your meat, which is rare in an Asian place. I've got to mention and give props to the young Asian fellow who works in the produce section. He always looks so happy to be there!Start your grocery shopping in the produce section. Then head to the back to get your seafood and meats, while grabbing any frozen items you may need on the way. After that, shop the aisles for all your Asian noodles, sauces and snacks. I usually skip the dairy since it's usually cheaper to get that elsewhere. Move onto the bakery to get your buns and specialty bread. If you end up with just a few items, take the self-check out. If not, wait for one of the cashiers. While waiting, decide what you want to get at the "food court" area, then eat in or take out! FYI the food there is decent for grocery store fast food and the prices are quite reasonable.I just have one question. Does anyone ever buy the marble lions for $1250 in the entrance area? If you've been there you know what I mean.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,3/30/2013,46,142,,6,4>I've managed to get to Corso twice now, and it is has been a great relief that it consistently delivers an outstanding meal.  You cannot get in on a whim, it takes long term planning to get a reservation (they email you back via reservation requests from their website).  On our first visit, we got in within 1 week for the first seating on a week night - but you only get 2 hours that way.  The second visit we came in at 8:30 and lingered over the meal.  I found the reservation system worked well, but found it challenged my need for an instantaneous response.I hate it when you rave about a place to friends and then the meal is OK at best (as was my experience at another top restaurant on Enroute's 2012 list).  Corso, on the other hand, had us raving over every course.I highly recommend going with a few friends and eating family style so that you can maximize the number of items you can savour.  Our group started with Arancini, Porcini Mushroom, Cabbage, Fontina; and, House made goat ricotta, Rosemary Oil, Maldon Sea Salt, Crostini.   The Arancini are essentially deep fried cheese balls with extra texture from the veg - they had all of us groaning with ecstasy.  The ricotta is a very soft and very mild cheese, and provided a light balance against the Arancini.Our pasta course was Pappardelle, House Made Pork & Fennel Sausage Sugo, Basil, pecorino; and, Ricotta & Black Truffle Ravioli, brussel sprout leaves, Parmigiano.  I think I had both of these on our first visit, and ordering them a second time was no accident.The meat course was Trout "Mandorla", brown butter, almonds, Treviso & Celery Root Salad; Fried Short Rib, Shaved Pear & Arugula Salad, Crostini; and Brussel sprouts, which were fried crispy with bread crumbs - this is not a regular menu item and I'm a sucker for these flavour packed mini cabbage impostors.  Corso knows how to do them right (as does Famoso on their winter menu).  The short rib was tender and satisfying, with the stunningly thin rounds of pear offset by the bitter arugula.  I can't recall which valpolicella we had, but the wine list has an almost overwhelming number of choices from Italy.  If you don't like Italian wine you will be disappointed, but the one that we had was a perfect match to the meal.Our heavenly meal was topped off by Chocolate torta, Salty Hazelnuts.  The chocolate purist in our group insisted on the the nuts on the side, and none of us even bothered to add them after that first bite of torta.   This torta has a reputation of its own, and if you love chocolate it is a must have in Edmonton.Another current off-menu special is a 40 oz steak, paired with olive oil.  One of our guests asked if it would be free if anyone person could finish it.  The waiter clearly had heard that joke before, but politely let it slide.  Service was very attentive and appropriately unobtrusive.  The occasional dad style humour coming from our table didn't get any laughs, but  I can't fault our waiter for that!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,3/29/2013,40,61,,2,3>I was gobsmacked to see that Betsy's Boerewors did not have any reviews.  This must be corrected!  There aren't, to my knowledge, many places where one can get South African food in Edmonton.  In fact, we feared ourselves out of luck when Protea Club shut down, but then we came across this deli / grocery store.Koeksisters (sweet dough-based dessert), biltong (dried, spiced meat), several flavours of Boerewors (farmer's sausage), and Bobotie (curried ground beef) can all be found here, along with pies, drinks and spices.  It's a wonderful selection and the biltong and pies in particular are fantastic. The store itself is relatively small, and could get cramped when busy, but this doesn't hurt product presentation.To top it off, it's a local business run by one of the nicest lady's you'll ever meet.  If you've ever been curious about South African food, this is a great place to visit!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,3/28/2013,4,45,2,2,2>Wrapture was recommended to me by a co-worker and I absolutely love their wraps and burritos. I plan on trying them all, with the exception of a couple that I know I won't care for. They always taste good and is a much better option than the other fast food around. There are a couples of gripes that prevent a 5 star rating. They skimp on the meat and then ask you if you want double for $1.50 more, which amounts to the same you would get if you went to a Pita Pit. Also, their prices are a little high for what you get. But I'm a fan since the taste and quick service are appreciated.I've only ever gone in the afternoons, so can't comment on the service in the evenings.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,3/27/2013,136,590,4,9,8>Omg. Omg. Omg. What an amazing place to eat. I have never been so satisfied with a meal. Guru is the place to go if you are looking for delicious Indian cuisine. Firstly, the service was superb. Our servers name was Kevin (ask for him, he is great) and I couldn't have been more pleased. From the moment we walked into Guru till we left he made sure we were taken care of, but it definitely wasn't over kill. When I wasn't sure on the wine I wanted he brought me a sample of one he thought I might like... he was right, I loved it. He did the exact same thing with the boyfriends beer. Over the course of the evening he gave us numerous recommendations, all of which were spot on. He was also charismatic and funny! But, onto the food. The butter chicken samosas are amazing, they have won numerous awards in Edmonton and I can definitely see why. For our main course we had more butter chicken, mango chicken, coconut rice and garlic naan bread. Let me just take a moment to tell you that the naan bread is to-die-for. Order it. The food came quickly, and I just wanted to keep eating more as I let it melt in my mouth. God, I wish I was there right now! We ate about half of the food on the table and were stuffed, but Kevin graciously offered to pack up all our food in separate containers so it would be easy for us to take to work  the next day. At this point I didn't think I could handle dessert, but we were told these little tin-bit like donuts dipped in honey and put in this creamy sugar sauce was amazing, yet again the recommendation was spot on. Thank goodness this dessert dish was tiny because at this point I was thinking I would need to be rolled out of Guru. What a great restaurant, the dishes are a little pricey, and the location is in the west end, but you get so much food and it's totally worth the drive! It wasn't busy when we went, but you can email ahead for reservations! I wish Guru was located downtown because then I would definitely frequent it more often!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/20/2013,3/26/2013,12,59,2,2,2>This place has a great concept with locally sourced ethical eating. There were lots of vegetarian and pescetarian options to choose from. The interior is inviting and the service was superb! My water glass was filled up continually throughout the night and the very minute I dropped my knife on the ground, the waitress picked it up and brought me a new one! Also, we were there as Groupon customers and were treated very well, as opposed to "coupon customers."My husband had the mushroom tips ( I believe) which was beef and mushrooms with potatoes and veggies. The potatoes were super tasty and so was the gravy and mushrooms that came with the beef (I'm a pescetarian so I didn't have the beef). I had a seafood dish with rice and veggies. My seafood was slightly slimy and under-cooked and the tomato broth was kind of bland. The veggies could have used a little butter as they were dry.  The seafood came on a large plate with the apparatus I believe they used to steam it in? Anyway, it was difficult to eat around and interfered with my dining.The wine was good and the beer was fine.I like this place but if they concentrated a bit more on flavor, I wouldn't complain. It was really the only thing holding me back from a 4-5 star rating.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,3/25/2013,49,256,2,4,4>I met Allan at the Whyte Avenue Art Walk in the summer of 2011. I loved his style, and purchased some prints while I was there. Shortly after the Art Walk, I contacted Allan via e-mail to commission a painting for my fiancé. He agreed to take on the project, with an estimated completion date of sometime in October 2011, and things ran smoothly until the end of September. At that time I stopped receiving responses to my e-mails. Allan hadn't given me an alternate means of contacting him, and save for a short message I received at the end of November, there was no communication from his end at all. This frustrated me, and I gave up on the idea that I'd be able to acquire an original painting.In the summer of 2012 I returned to the Art Walk, and met up with Allan there once again. He was very apologetic about the electronic issues (we still don't know why e-mail doesn't seem to work for us, both of our workplaces' e-mail providers have undergone changes since the issues started). Allan assured me that he was interested in going through with the commissioned painting, and even gave me a free print for the trouble. The new completion date was set in December. I got his phone number this time (!!) and we met up to discuss the project. Throughout the planning process, Allan was reliable, accommodating, and easy to talk to. I received the painting last week, and it looks amazing! (I hope my fiancé likes it too.) When I received the piece, Allan took the time to go through basic maintenance and such with me, and even told me not to hesitate to contact him should I have questions, or should something go wrong with the painting. To top it off, Allan was kind enough to charge me for the painting what he charged in 2011 (his prices have since increased). Overall, Allan went above and beyond what I expected and I am very happy to own some of his art!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,3/24/2013,41,217,,2,2>Want a meaty one? This one is thick and heavy, and you'll get all the meat you want in your mouth. Poor location in the middle of a no-name strip mall in a residential area. Getting there last winter was no small feat even with navigation on my car and iPhone. Very informal, their kids running around and tumbling over the sofa being supervised by a frustrated nanny. You can sit there and eat if you like, bit there's not more than a table or two despite plenty of space. It takes like forever to bake a pizza that thick, so be prepared to wait.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,3/23/2013,26,71,,3,3>Good tasty Lebanese food, quite a big step up from what you would expect if you have only tried Lebanese fast food. Quite small and cozy, feels almost like being in someone's house. I had the Arrayes, which is really tender beef, delicately flavoured chicken, and falafel rolled up in pita bread and toasted, with salad  and hummus (see attached photo). Not super cheap but good value for the high qualify food.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,3/22/2013,33,247,2,5,4>First off, there's only one reason anyone should be going to the Garneau Pub and that's for drinks. I'm not talking your fancy cocktails or martinis, but you're having a beer or something with coke. Or maybe you want to grab a beer and play the VLTs.Do not come here for:- fancy drinks (including wine)- food (they only really have pizza)- dancing (there is no dance floor)Come here for:- Combat Juice! (crazy mixed drink that is delicious)- drinks with friends in a nice atmosphere- play a game of pool (there is one table)- get away from the traditional bar sceneOnce you know what you're getting yourself into and have a could of good friends to keep you company, I'm sure you'll have a great time (just don't make the manager mad or he will kick you out).
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,3/21/2013,24,223,2,3,2>I have always had consistent quality at this location. Even when they make a mistake, they are quick to correct or and apologize. The tomato bisque is one of my favourite soups and is definitely worth a try. I usually pair it with the prosciutto arugula sandwich. Pizzas of this style should be eaten fresh or they're really not great. I would also recommend the prosciutto wrapped mozza balls and the Nutella pizza.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,3/20/2013,65,170,,13,11>I work in health care, and I had previously worked in a children's hospital in the States. I knew from reputation that the Stollery was a great hospital, but it wasn't until I stayed there with my recovering child that I came to appreciate how special it is.Last summer, we spent a week at the Stollery as my then 4-month-old son had major cranial surgery.  It was a terrifying time for us as parents, but it was made so much easier by the excellent staff, the outstanding medical team, and the marvelous facility. Our son received wonderful care that was both medically appropriate and also warm and tender. His dad and I received emotional support as well throughout our stay.Due to the nature of our baby's age and condition, we did not get to take advantage of the play areas, but we saw many other children who did. What a wonderful facility where kids can be kids, even when they're sick.We, here in Edmonton, are incredibly fortunate to have this world-class facility in our hometown.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,3/19/2013,94,253,,5,8>I cannot believe I've taken so long to go here. I have driven by the Commodore countless times and finally went in for a weekend breakfast. I started with an ice cold glass of OJ and had a generous plate of bacon and eggs. The bacon (and I have to be honest that I am getting really tired of bacon's popularity as of late. Come on, it's not the second coming) and eggs were scrumptious. The bacon was thick and very savoury, and the eggs were done exactly as ordered. The home fried spuds were nice and I'm not even generally a fan of fried potatoes.I loved the diner vibe and the prices are a steal. The owners Wilma and David run the front of the house and cook and are the nicest people you could know. This place has been around forever and now I know why.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/7/2013,3/18/2013,10,29,7,1,2>My first impression upon entering this establishment was I don't spray-tan, or go to the gym enough to fit in with this crowd. Also, I now need a hearing aid. Grumpy Elder aside, the food and service was pretty good.A friend and I went there for after work drinks, and got some appetizers to share.The salmon rolls were amazing. The Charcutterie plate was a little lacking. We felt there was way too much meat, and not enough cheese or sauce for the bread. Luckily, they were pretty accommodating and gave us a cheese plate for free! A little while after, a manager came by with a maple dijon sauce that went really well with the abundance of meat.They have martini's on tap that are alright, and also have an amazing grapefruit beer. They're still getting in the hang of things, but from the looks of it they know what theyre doing :)
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,3/17/2013,49,120,2,2,1>I had been wanting to come in here for the longest time, and when my writers' group scheduled a "write-in" on a weekend in early November, I was tickled. The space is a lot bigger on the inside than it looks like from the street, and it's very bright and pleasant. We sat by a window and really had a great time doing our writing sprints. The chai was absolutely delicious. Also, I wanted to get some finger food that I could easily much while writing, so had the brie with some sort of fruity relish and crackers. It was good, but I could see it being better with maybe a small crock of butter and some French bread. The crackers were kind of a letdown. The dessert that day was a sizable chunk of Black Forest Cake. My Teutonic genes really stood up and gave a cheer. Can I just say YUM??!I was so pleased with the experience that Miss Shawnna (Sha-Na-Na) and i came here for a relaxed weekend lunch. She had the corn chowder and I had some spanakopita. Also very good. As was the company! For dessert, I took home a piece of peanut butter icebox pie, and a hunk of pecan cheesecake for the old man. We were both impressed. My hunk of pie was almost impossible to finish-- it was SO RICH, but SO GOOD. We'll definitely be back. I want to try out that patio!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,3/16/2013,353,217,1,4,6>I always liked Blue Plate, but decided that I LOVE it today, when I went there for Sunday Brunch and realized how fantastic it was. I find their dinners to just be okay-- but their breakfast menu is really great! I had the Florentine Benedict which was everything I wanted it to be. Perfection. My friend had the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes. I had been debating ordering those, but wasn't sure if I could stomach a huge meal. When they arrived... The pancakes were actually a good portion where they aren't too big that its too much, but not too small that you feel like you aren't getting enough.It was quite busy when I got there around noon but cleared out after about 1 pm. We didn't wait that long before we were seated at a table and there were two larger parties ahead of us. The service was good, our waitress was attentive and nice. And apparently all of Edmonton goes there for brunch because I ran into everyone that I know... Haha. This is apparently where the party is at on a Sunday morning/early afternoon!
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,3/15/2013,21,65,3,3,2>Tres Carnales was a pleasant surprise to say the least.  I've been looking for good Mexican food in Edmonton for a long time and was afraid I might need to get my passport stamped and risk Montezuma's Revenge.I tried the pulled pork tacos with a Negra Modela to drink. A true delight to fill my gringo heart.  The guacamole and chips were also good.I dig the service approach as well; order up front and they bring it to you.  Compelling and rich.Buenos Nachos
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2012,3/14/2013,292,404,4,5,6>Ernest is a great place to have a fine dining meal for $25!  Haha, I'm not even kidding when I say this.  The restaurant serves as a means to train NAIT's culinary and hospitality services students. The exploits include some really nice fine dining food, in a buffet style, with excellent service.  They are almost always booked and I can see why! I wouldn't say that the food I ate here was the best I've ever eaten. There were some fantastic high points though. The arancini balls were perhaps among the best I'd had.  Basically, arancini is deep fried risotto balls.  They made it with wild mushroom and  taleggio cheese and the medley of flavors was fantastic!  The other main courses were decent too.  Lots of small bites like canopés, light salads, terrines and housemade breads and so on.  Decent vegetarian options too.The desserts were again pretty good.  Fresh baked croissants, house made chocolates and truffles that were freaking delicious and, of course, the incredibly delicious banana fosters.  The fosters were the high point for me.  They also had small ganaches and other finger-food desserts that were pretty decent too.  Yummy desserts to end the night!  While the food is generally good, one could see that this is a means to train NAIT students. There were some misses, like roasted chicken in a buffet style setting, where the chicken was a bit dry.  However, for the price, it's worth giving it a try because there will certainly be something you will like and will make your meal memorable.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/15/2012,3/13/2013,32,60,,5,4>Yay, a closer location to get bubble tea at. It's not extraordinary or anything. I ordered a strawberry bubble tea with milk. I could tell it was made with real strawberries, that's a plus, but it was a little too icy. After drinking it for a while it made my throat become dry and more thirsty. Don't know if it was cause of the drink or cause of the ice cream and chicken wings i had earlier. But this place is okay, only reason i'd come back is if i don't feel like going too far.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,3/12/2013,14,139,,6,3>I went here with a bunch of friends for the first time last weekend and overall I'm very impressed with this restaurant and its decor, but it's pricey ($140 for my wife and I) and the service was a tad slow and the waitress never asked if we wanted another drink when we were finished our first and if we did order another drink, they took a super long time (15 min at least). I know this sounds a little whiny, but I HATE being without a drink!! Other than that, an awesome experience with the heavy duty tables with build it burners for the fondue. My suggestion would be to try their "Big Night Out" where you get the full experience with a 4 course meal: Step 1) a creamy cheese fondue, Step 2) a fresh salad, Step 3) a succulent entrée, and Step 4) a decadent chocolate fondue dessert. My favorite was for sure the cheese fondue with bread and tostitos and then the main dish with the little platter of meats for you to fry up and then dip in a variety of sauces. On a side note, they have a bunch of tables at the back of the restaurant that are basically their "romantic date night" tables where you have your own very private booth where you basically cannot see anyone else in the restaurant.TIP: 1 "Big Night Out" = 2 people full ;)
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,3/11/2013,31,151,,5,2>My visit to Healing Waters was only my second time ever being at a spa, so please keep that in mind as to my 5-star rating. It was recommended to me by a co-worker as being one of the best she's ever been to because they use the Yon-Ka Paris line of products, which are almost 100% natural. I dragged my fiancé with me to get Grand Classique facials in preparation for the wedding. Calling them to make an appointment was a breeze - the girl I spoke to on the phone was very helpful in helping me determine what kind of facial to have and when to get it. They are a small unit on Whyte Ave, right next to the Tokyo Noodle Shop and a few doors down from the American Apparel. They offer free parking behind the building (use the alley to get there).Inside, they have a small front lobby, and we were ushered to their waiting room. There is a comfy chair and a nice little couch, and some complementary water and teas. There was also a big wooden unit which I think is a steam room, and 4 small lockers in the corner. The music is very calming and the decor as well - there is fabric draped on the ceiling and the big windows have drapes on them but still lets the sunlight in (and so do the little windows above).The facial itself was a very relaxing experience for me. You can read the comprehensive description on their website. You lie down in a dark room lit by a dim light and some candles. I asked my esthetician to explain each step to me just so I would know, but otherwise I was impressed with how quiet she was when moving around and getting things ready.Being hungover, my fiancé said that the facial was a very nice way to spend the afternoon. Both of our faces felt so soft and hydrated for the rest of the day. The only downside is that at $100 each plus tip (credit cards are accepted), the facials were pretty expensive (I did some research prior to choosing this place), but they did give us some samples to take home. It's several weeks later now and my face didn't break out like a lot of people said would happen, but I also generally have pretty good skin, so overall, it's hard to tell if the facial benefited me. My fiancé had a little bit of a break-out, and I think his skin does look better since then, but he still thinks that facials are a gimmick. I would consider coming here again.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,3/10/2013,31,99,1,8,3>Some time has passed since my last review and I really feel that Flirt Lashes has taken some customer feedback into consideration, as the salon's customer service has improved immensely in the past few visits.As noted in my previous review, the services that Flirt offered are great - I feel that they're excellent value and I always come out feeling great and looking good. Ashley is my go-to lash girl and she's always quick, thorough and her work is done well.I've noticed some changes in the salon's services - the technicians are much more friendly and open with clients. Not that I'm expecting to have a major conversation or anything - but the energy within the studio is much better and more comfortable.I will continue to go back without hesitation. They offer great services with a great attitude - can't really ask for much more than that.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/23/2012,3/9/2013,45,119,,7,3>I had a car problem in Red Deer and I needed a way back home to Edmonton, so I decided on Red Arrow since I'd heard great things about it. The ticket was about $42 from Red Deer to downtown Edmonton. When I booked the ticket over the phone, I was asked if I knew anyone who had taken Red Arrow before as I'd get a 10% discount. I did, so that saved me a few bucks. The bus was on time, the leather seats were comfortable and the rest of the bus was pretty empty so it was nice to have space. Unfortunately the WIFI didn't work and there was a movie, but it stayed on the DVD menu screen for the entire trip. The day after I took the trip, I heard an ad about their complimentary drinks and snacks. I forgot about that when I was on the bus and was never offered anything, but never asked either. It was a comfortable ride back home and I would take it again if I needed to.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,3/8/2013,21,40,,3,1>A health store, natural apothecary and organic spa in one! I get almost all of my skincare and herbal products from here. They carry some of the top natural skincare lines such as Eminence, Dr. Hauschka, Suki and The Body Deli. Kolya Naturals, which is located inside, offers fantastic 2 hour organic facials and various other spa services. The staff is well educated on all the products and take the time to answer your questions thoroughly. Earth's Aromatique, also located inside, has a wide array of hydrosols, oils, herbs, and supplies for DIY projects. They also offer regular workshops. The prices of vitamins and health food are a bit more than what you'd find at other places.  If you are into holistic health and beauty, you will find some great products here.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,3/7/2013,22,29,1,4,2>The Yelpers were right!I was recently spending some time up in the Alberta Avenue/Eastwood area and checked Yelp! on a bus ride over to find a place to grab dinner. Safron's was one of the better recommended spots so I figured it should work out OK.And it worked out great!It's more of a takeout spot because of its few tables, but I was there mid-week so it wasn't too buy and I decided to stay and take in a little of the 118 atmosphere. And, hey, staying there for the meal meant I got to have a Red Stripe with my dinner.A big, filling combo of curried goat, jerk chicken, rice, and a little coleslaw was enough for dinner and the next day's lunch. I started things off with a meat patty. The outside was a bit dry but the meat was spicy and started the meal off right. The rice was really good, and had a little bit of heat, and I would go back for just about anything on top of it. The curried goat was falling apart on my fork tender and I liked it so much I didn't even get to the jerk chicken until lunch. The chicken was juicy and the jerk flavour was good but not too spicy (I could have used a little more heat here).If you are up around 118 Avenue and want something good, and local,  I think you should hit Safron's for some Jamaican.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,3/6/2013,41,524,1,3,2>I've been to Mr. Mike's about 3 times and each time the service and food have been above average leaving me with a positive experience.The last visit was to celebrate a birthday party.  We were able to make a reservation for our group of 6.  The one end of the table wasn't ideal as the chair was situated under the tv but we didn't need it.  The seating includes booths towards the back, but at the front there are lounge type chairs around a table.  I wouldn't really find this the most comfortable layout.Close to the entrance there are 2 wheelchair accessible restrooms as the main ones are up stairs towards the back.  I notice that people use these as they likely don't know there are more washrooms or too lazy to walk to those.The menu includes steaks, burgers, and entrees including chicken and rice bowl.  The last visit I had the mushroom burger which is served on a huge bun.  You can upgrade your side to onion rings or sweet potato fries for a extra few dollars so I splurged on onion rings.My meal left me very full, and I should have stopped after eating half my burger.   But it was delicious and the onion rings are very good too.  The price was comparable to other burger places.The birthday girl also received a free dessert but the it took a while for it to arrive at the table.  I didn't mind so much as we weren't rushed to leave and it wasn't too loud and crowded to enjoy conversation.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/28/2013,3/5/2013,0,3,,1,1>Banzai is our go-to sushi place for family dining.  We can all leave happy and parents - not poor.  It's fast and family friendly.  Other reviewers are right when they say it might not be the best sushi you'll ever have, but it  fills the gap for a reasonable price.  We've eaten there dozens of times over the past few years and are always satisfied.  The beef bowls and bento boxes are great.  If you're looking for the fine dining sushi experience, you won't find it here.  But if you want a quick sushi/bento box hit that's better than Tokyo Express, Banzai will do it.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,3/4/2013,40,145,6,3,4>Ever crave a little greasy Asian dish but don't feel like travelling down to Chinatown? Southsiders, I've got great news for you. The old owners of Garden Bakery (all you OG clubbers who used to go here for late night eats after clubbing The Bronze or Barry T's know what I'm talking about) and the owner of Tropika have joined forces to deliver a new oasis for some Hong Kong throwback dishes.Afraid of fights, stabbings, gunfire, and a high probability of dodging vomit at Garden Bakery? No problem. Cafe Tropika is clean and has some modern paint and decor action going.Afraid of super greasy and questionable food? No problem. Cafe Tropika surprisingly has some "meen" noodle dishes that doesn't drip with grease.The baked seafood rice was buttery smooth. The classic Hong Kong stir fry noodles hits you right in tasteland and coupled with a nice cold glass of iced milky tea will have you saying, "This is flavor country".Ten dollar dishes, family style eating, we have ourselves a winner, chicken for dinner.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,3/3/2013,59,101,1,2,2>I remember a time when Boualouang was a teeny tiny place, a textbook definition of your hole-in-the-wall place, on the corner of  107 A Ave and 97 St across from Lucky 97. With only 4 - 5 tables, a wait time of roughly an hour for dinner service, and people waiting for take outs right at the door, this was one hell of a Thai place. With Viphalay, another favorite of mine, just down 95th, Boualouang had a good competitor, but it still managed to hold the title for best pad thai in Edmonton (but not of my life, that title is held by Hong Fah Thai in Grande Prairie). Since then, it's moved south a couple of blocks, beside the infamous Chinese restaurant Sai Woo on 105th Ave. Die hard fans have told me that it's not the same anymore: the prices have nearly doubled (goes to say, better location and a bigger lot), portions have decreased, decor is swanky, thus giving the restaurant a less than hole-in-the-wall feel. The last time I ventured there for a pad thai was beyond recollection, so it was time that I tried the place one more time to prove to myself that the memory of the pad thai still holds true.We were seated and served quickly. Joe, fan of all things soup, had a happy merge of tom yum soup and the rice vermicelli of Vietnamese pho. Spicy spicy spicy! I like to think that I have a slightly higher than normal palate for spicy foods, but this is to a whole new level, especially if you drink the soup! The broth was very flavorful though, reminiscent of your traditional tom yum soup with a rich undertone of coconut milk, and the noodles cooked nicely.To add variety, I ordered the "Gaeng-Kiew-Vahn", a green curry with coconut milk, mushrooms, zucchini, sweet basil, and Thai eggplant with your choice of meat or seafood. The sauce was delicious and went nicely with the coconut rice, an alternative to the plain rice. The beef was slightly dry and a little on the chewy side but the vegetables were at least fresh. Next time, maybe mussels will be my choice of seafood.Last but not least, the pad thai! You can order with any meat choice, my choice being shrimp for the night. With my excitement, I completely forgot that Joe was allergic to peanuts (not deathly to oils and such, but actual nuts would be a problem) and did not mention to our server to leave the garnishes off. In my panic, I scraped off as much peanuts as I could and then took the photo. What I remembered from past visits still held true: ladies and gentlemen, Edmonton's best pad thai! Noodles were cooked perfectly, not greasy, slightly sweet from the tamarin sauce, not overly salty. I thought the proportions were fine, although true, the prices have increased since their previous location. With Joe having only a small portion, I had enough for lunch and dinner the next day!All in all, a good meal for relatively decent value. I would definitely return next time I'm in the mood for pad thai and with a central location in the city, you can't beat it.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,3/2/2013,17,10,,3,2>Great place to get fruit and veggies. Sure they go bad in a few days but that's what perishables are supposed to do. Don't be fooled by the people who say it goes bad too quickly. That just shows that they aren't coating their produce with paraffin and other agents to slow down the natural order of things. If you want to eat healthy you should be buying your produce a couple of times a week not once a week.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,3/1/2013,56,221,2,3,2>I really enjoyed it here. Note its primarily skating, hence the name Silver Skate Festival. They do have other activities, such as snow sculptures, ice slides, music etc. It reminded me of Ice on Whyte but this was ten times better. It was free, there were free concessions, also if you needed to buy some you could. The snow sculptures were really good, I was impressed. There was plenty of parking and everyone seemed to be in a really good mood. This was what I expected for a winter festival. It was a lot of fun just a lil displeasing that its only 3 days long.Just got word its on this weekend too, so there is nothing displeasing
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,2/28/2013,49,117,5,8,4>I love how everything inside this restaurant had an authentic Japanese look to it. All the tables and chairs are wooden. There is a nice sake bar right in the middle and a spacious open kitchen. It's a very warm, welcoming interior. In the background, they're playing Japanese pop music.The staff greets you loudly as you come in the front doors.I had a ginger tea and my friend had a green tea and both teas were really good. We ordered a few dishes to share and it was also 10:30pm...This restaurant is a great place to come in the evening if you're looking for a late night snack. Most of the kitchen staff speak Japanese and are very hospitable. My friend knew Chef Tomoya Mutaguchi, so I had the opportunity to meet him. A very gentle and kind man. The food items was delicately placed on the right spot of each dish. My inner creativity wanted to jump out to meet the hands that made this beautiful artwork. The Sashimi salad was light and refreshing. The Mackerel was very good and it didn't leave a fishy taste in my mouth. My friend had the curry udon and I had a "house special" udon. The udon was so tasty that I was craving for more of their other dishes. We ordered one last dish which was the Tamago Don. The egg white is whipped into a nice froth and it's served over rice. Every dish is very nice and light for the stomach. I can probably spend hours here just chatting, relaxing and taking my time eating. I examined all there utensils, bowls and dishes and it's all authentic Japanese stuff. They don't buy their stuff from Home Sense like Mikado.They have washlets in there bathroom. I drank so much tea that I had to use the washroom 3 times. My friend thought I was just making an excuse to sit on the toilet because it was heated. LOL The toilet was awesome. It was so nice and warm that I almost laid an egg!We enjoy our time here so much that we didn't want to leave, so we ordered a dessert.It was the caramelized sweet potatoes with vanilla ice cream. The sweet potatoes were nice and soft and it was good with the ice cream.This is a great place to sit back, relax, have a few drink and enjoy some light snacks.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/22/2012,2/27/2013,67,269,,5,1>I want to love this yoga studio, given its proximity to my apartment and prices slightly cheaper than other studios. I really want to love it. But so far it's only ok. My biggest issue is that the class descriptions and the class schedule aren't really related. They have a really nice schedule on their website, but most of the classes have only partial, vague class descriptions, and these descriptions don't match the classes that actually get taught. This might not be an issue for some people, but I have some wrist issues and so any class that's likely to have a lot of, say, downward dogs, in it is out for me. Most of their classes seem to be "flow" classes (even if they don't say that on the schedule), and the room is quite a bit warmer than I find comfortable, so the vigorous classes also make me a bit nauseous. I get that some people like this, but I don't, and I'd like to know which classes are the kind of thing I'm looking for, without having to attend classes that aren't as described. I've also emailed some questions in on their "Contact Us" webform, and got no response. Other than that, the place seems alright. They've got a bunch of different class times, and the room is quite warm, but not hot (if you like that sort of thing). The teachers are ok, I haven't had any that were really great, but they're not bad. From the classes I've attended, I wouldn't recommend ones that don't say "beginner" to anyone without some yoga experience, as they don't take much time to explain each pose.They also have massage and some other services here, but I've never checked them out.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,2/26/2013,114,46,6,14,4>My wife decided I should do something with my hair, that in itself is hard to believe as I am pretty much bald. She actually wanted me to try the straight razor shave they do here, friends of hers had mentioned it was great so she picked me up a gift card for Christmas. I was looking forward to it, but was I hyping it up too much and would I be let down once I arrived? I phoned to book an appointment one day and that was a serious let down to me. I was told they don't take appointments and that made me fear this was just another chain barber shop that would give you an overpriced cut and send you packing.I still wanted to use the gift card so I walked in one day when I knew I had a few free hours to spare. The place was done up very nicely and the waiting lounge was very comfortable. You sign into what I could only assume is an iPad on steroids and they call you when they are ready. Five minutes after I set foot in the door I was called upon to join a lovely young lady the back....don't read too much into it, the back is just behind the counter and there was no funny business about to take place. What I saw was a great layout of multiple old school barber chairs, I aboslutely love theses things, they are more comfortable than most current recliners. I made myself comfortable and then she went about trimmiming my lack of hair...I wish I could figure out why it grows so well in some areas and not in others...but I digress.Then came the shave, this is what I was excited for. She explained everything to me as we worked our way through the process, and it was a process. They don't just slap some foam on and scrape it off with a swiss army knife, they instead prepare your skin and take it through several diferent processes, all the while making you feel like you may have died and fallen into the hands of an angel. This was probly the best I have ever felt with my pants still on. Needless to say I was not dissapointed at all in the end. My face felt as smooth as a babies bottom, not that I compared.If you want to treat a man to a special experience I highly recomend this, or if you're a man that wants to feel like you are the center of the universe, even if only for an hour I recomend you find Tommy Gun's and see for yourself!
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,2/25/2013,30,54,3,8,6>Better known (amongst my friends) as a night club, The Common is a really great place anytime of day: lunch, dinner, cocktails, and dancing. Actually, I was surprised with how artisan and satisfying the food here was for lunch. There are many lunch places around downtown, but Chef Jesse Morrison at The Common made a fun and delicious creative menu.I had a steak salad from Brewster's the other day (a spring salad with slices of steak on top) which was quite satisfying. So I thought I'd try The Common's version: the Jackson Steak Salad. Not comparable. The Jackson Steak Salad was much more than the sum of its parts which consisted of grilled romaine lettuce, artichokes, blue cheese, and mustard dressing topped with pieces of steak. Grilling the lettuce and tossing it with the savory and sweet mustard sauce gave the lettuce a robustness that stood up to the steak. I don't normally eat salad with a knife, but I did here, savoring every bite. This along with crumbled blue cheese complemented the steak perfectly.The food here is more expensive than other places, but honestly it's worth it. My salad was $16. My friend's Chicken and Waffles (and goat cheese) was $17. And although no one ordered it this time--I wanted to include it here as an example of Mr. Morrison's creative menu--the lamb hotdog is $12.Our server was also very pleasant and attentive. I was worried this place might be too hippster for a business lunch, but it wasn't at all. It felt hip, but not too hip.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/3/2013,2/24/2013,14,141,2,5,3>I live nearby and frequent many of the places surrounding La Poutine, but for some reason, was never really excited to try this place out. A huge plateful of fries, gravy and cheese curds doesn't satisfy me anymore...I want some vegetables too. Today, I found an excellent reason to stop...I was starving, hadn't eaten all day, on my way South and pretty much had no time to cook or stop at a sit down restaurant. So, nearby, I have the regular fast food places, cafes with take out, or La Poutine. Okay, so I'll give it a try. This preamble is meant to put you in the frame of mind I hit La Poutine today.What do you know...I can get vegetables on my poutine.  That doesn't make it healthy, but it's an option. Everyone talks about how the cheese curds are perfect, and I agree. Gravy was good, fries okay. Nothing astounded me with this meal, but it's poutine, it did what I needed it to do.So, why 3 stars? This isn't the type of meal I'm generally drawn to. Poutine for me has a time and a place and that's walking the streets of Montreal at 2am after a good night. There's nothing gourmet about this meal and it was $12.And finally...something that really annoys me in fast food joints...CREDIT/DEBIT MACHINES THAT PROMPT FOR A TIP.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/16/2012,2/23/2013,21,31,4,5,3>It's no secret - I'm a fan of Dim Sum, even if I rarely get a chance to go out with friends and have some.Recently, I had a chance to go to Dynasty with a few friends. And on more than one occasion! A rare treat indeed. And you know what? It wasn't bad.Oh, it's nothing to write home about - but it was good, solid Dim Sum.As has been my experience at every Dim Sum I've ever attended, language can be a bit of a barrier. Fortunately, we have a friend who's both fluent in menu, and the usual Dim Sum organizer, so it works out for us.The space itself is large, and even when it's packed it doesn't feel cramped. And it will get packed, so show up early if you're going for breakfast or brunch.Yeah. Dynasty Century Palace is probably not the best Dim Sum location in the city, but it's hardly the worst. The food was good both times I went, and the servers were pleasant, so I do recommend it.Oh, and the BBQ Pork Buns are amazing. I'd marry them if it wasn't illegal. And weird.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/20/2012,2/22/2013,36,173,5,5,4>I remember when this cinema first opened in Sherwood Park.  I was in Junior High and it was a BIG DEAL because the only other theatre was super outdated and stale smelling.  As a teeny bopper, the cinema in the park is like the club scene for the underage crowd - all the girls dress their best to impressed the hockey boys, and flutter around with awkward excitement.  It hasn't changed a bit!  I come here when trying to avoid the massively overwhelming crowds of South Common, and when I am not in the mood to navigate through downtown to get to Empire.  If you pick the right movie on the right night, the theatre will be empty, and the only struggle you may have is wading through the crowds of oblivious tweens.Attached to the Sherwood Park Mall, this place is a great alternative to busier cinemas in the city, and definitely worth considering.  Located in the heart of boring, uneventful Sherwood Park, parents with kids aged somewhere between play dates and house parties can perhaps feel a little better about leaving their young unattended here for an evening of healthy camaraderie.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,2/21/2013,158,543,5,6,5>Finally getting around to writing my review for the Three Boars.I ventured out to the three Boars last month ago with a fabulous group of Yelpers!We shared many delectable bites including their take on Poutine - Beef Brisket Poutine!  Let me just say the gravy was divine, the brisket tender, and the cheese squeaky!  The flavours were paired perfectly and definitely not what I had expected ( take a peek at the pics I uploaded of all of our bites we shared!).The pork jowl was awesome and the presentation definitely tickled my fancy!  The devils on horseback were my favorite appitizer to share - the perfect pairing of savoury and sweet!  I'm not usually a fan of bleu cheese but it was matched perfectly inside the sweet date and savoury bacon - Mmm... Just writing this makes me want to go back for more!The Fentiman's old fashioned sodas were a blast - My hubby and I tried Dandelion and Burdoch & Cherry Tree Cola.For dessert, I ordered the two freshly made specials of the day to share with my mates:  custard with fresh berries and crumble on top and a twinkie served aside a poached pear ( I believe caramel sauce was involved).  I'm sorry that I don't remember more details from the desserts - they were reasonably priced (which I always appreciate when a restaurant doesn't gouge me on dessert!) but were both lacking that something to make them just perfect.  The crumble was a little densely paired with the delicate custard and the poached pear was missing that crusty glaze and could have been poached a little longer.  The flavours were divine and I'm definitely glad I ordered them and I would not hesitate to order the desserts of the day in the future!I think the chef picked the Twinkie to be a little tongue in cheek with the current state of Hostess going bankrupt and the media playing up Twinkie hysteria ;-)  The atmosphere upstairs was completely reminiscent to me of my younger years in Seattle or a little dive bar in Portland, Oregon.  I will definitely come back again and again!  Great eats, great atmosphere, great service, great company!  Does it get any better?P.S. The view from the upstairs eating area is of McDonald's across the street - and I couldn't help but chuckle about this with my dinner dates!
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,2/20/2013,34,170,3,3,3>I'm torn between three and four stars.The good: very customisable, excellent taste.The not-as-good: smaller patties (is that REALLY 7 oz?) that are a bit on the dry side.If you're looking for something different to try, this is a good place to go.  If, on the other hand, you're looking for a dang-good-run-of-the-mill burger, it's probably not where you want to get it.Will I go back? yup.  Will it be a regular stop? probably not.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,2/18/2013,74,399,1,13,7>I ventured here to find a neat old film camera, and that's exactly what I found. This is a small store run by a sweet older man who knows everything there is to know about cameras. For a small store, it had a lot of neat stuff. There isn't really too much junk laying around, and any camera I asked about the owner knew the history and the functionality of them all really well. Sometimes he would even go into an interesting story from way back in the day. He obviously has a long history in photography and cameras in general. He's got some especially cool double-lens box cameras--most were pricey, but that's just what they are worth. I left with a 1950s German film camera, and I absolutely love it. It's totally got me back into film. The hours here are 11 to 2pm (will double check) every day, but he's not always there or will sometimes leave early, so you have to call first. If there's no answer, he's not there :)Oh, it's also a great place to sell your camera gear. I'll be back many times I'm sure!
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,2/17/2013,69,90,4,9,6>A true hidden gem. I really liked the ambience.  It really reminds me of restaurants in Japan. The sushi was excellent quality, however a little bit on the pricey side. I cannot wait to go back there and try non sushi items on their menu. I think the best miso soup that I have tried in Edmonton. As they have lots of big separate rooms, it is highly recommended for gatherings and parties.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,2/16/2013,32,106,,8,3>Great little barber shop, recently relocated to Whyte Ave!I love how simple and straight-forward this place is. It's no-fuss, no-muss. Come in, sit down, get a simple cut (mainly done with clippers) and go. And the actual cut itself is clean, modern, and sharp! What more could a guy ask for?I took advantage of their Legion club - which entitles the card bearer to unlimited haircuts for a year (I believe that it was just under $300). I think this will be a great way to incent myself to get the number of haircuts each year that I need, instead of waiting until the last minute and fitting them into my schedule and budget.I've also tried their straight-razor shaves. It was easily the closest shave I've ever had, and spa-like experience in an exclusively masculine way. I'm looking forward to the next year of haircuts at Barber Ha!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,2/15/2013,142,215,3,4,2>Know what I like? Breakfast. Breakfast is where all the good food comes together. Meats? Ok. Dessert? Do it up. I can have a salad and put alcohol in my coffee and no one will judge me. So given my love of breakfasts, it's no surprise I have a great love of De Dutch. The venue is a decent size and unfortunately hidden by the construction on Jasper Ave. Nevertheless, enough patrons find it that you should make plans to wait 20-30mins at the door on a weekend. This place closes at 3pm, so make sure you're an early-to-mid-brunch sort of person. If you're not, I still insist its worth getting up before noon to dine here. The menu is huge, so I'll probably be back every Saturday and Sunday for the next six years, but my first time here, I stuck with the basics: bacon, eggs and Pannekoek. Pannekoek is plate-sized thin pancake upon which all your food dreams and wishes are served. Please order a dish served on a Pannekoek, otherwise what are you here for? Staff is friendly and delightful, and food is served piping hot and quickly. I loved the orange Amsterdam decor, too. The first thing I did after I ate here was buy a gift card as a gift for a friend. Because people, when you find something good you share it with those you love, and that's what I'm doing right now, with you. Have your next breakfast at De Dutch.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,2/14/2013,50,288,5,10,7>Is the hype for this restaurant worth it?I'd say yes. Once again one of the best restaurants I've been to in the city is tucked away in a stripmall, in an unassuming location. After getting lost getting here (took the wrong turn on the traffic circle...d'oh) I found Lan's. I've been to T.H.I.S Place (operated by the same people behind Lan's) but had not tried Lan's. I heard good things about the food, and well, who am I to argue with good food. I came here with a cold, but luckily I was still able to taste food (isn't not tasting food the worst?). I ordered the tom yum soup and the medium sized lemongrass beef bowl. The soup was delicious hot in temperature, a little spicy (perfect for a cold), a bit savoury, with a nice bit of lime. The vermicilli bowl was quite large for a medium size, which I liked. The lemongrass beef was perfect and the bowl was great, crisp veggies, a nice fresh taste. The springrolls that came on top were great as well. Usually I find spring rolls to be a bit too oily (they're not my favourite) but these were great. The menu itself had a nice variety of Thai and Vietnamese foods, and there were several vegetarian options as well. The green tea I ordered was great, light and not bitter. Service was quick, and friendly and I got a good, filling lunch for about $15 with tax and tip.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2012,2/13/2013,509,247,5,13,5>THE MEN'S CANDY STORE!!!! WOW, What a great selection from low end to high end stocks of all kinds of liquor. They have rows and rows of wines, local and foreign beers, cognacs, scotches, whiskeys, liquors and many bar essentials. You can also buy jugs here and have them filled with different draft beers to take home.We wandered around for quite a while searching for rarity bar items. This store was huge and very busy close to Christmas but everyone seemed to have smiles of Christmas spirit!There is plenty of service people around to help you with any question or need. Great service at this store! I will definitely be back!
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/10/2012,2/12/2013,187,341,4,8,5>I suppose this is the "best poutine in Edmonton", if your definition of the best just means that they use real cheese curds.Craving poutine, I went in on a Friday night with Dave around 5:30pm. The restaurant was near empty. We were both famished. The waitress indicated a large would be good for two people to share. We ordered the poutine with chicken and peas ($12). It came out fast - almost alarmingly fast - less than 5 minutes. Maybe it's because I've driven by countless times and always wanted to try the poutine here, and on top of that hearing that it's the best in the city, but I wasn't bowled over. It was good for sure, but not special. The fries were good, the gravy was good if a bit salty, the cheese curds were squeaky and plenty. However, there were not very many pieces of chicken at all and the ones I did come across tasted gross - one of the things that disgusts me the most when eating out is chicken that tastes old/potentially frozen/like it's been reheated several times. Add to that how quickly it came to us, and you can see it was definitely not fresh. I like the peas for a topping and would have liked a few more on there. We finished the plate and were both still hungry afterwards.Our waitress was nice and service was on the ball, but it wasn't busy. We were in and out within half an hour. The poutine was decent and I would go again to have regular poutine, but I would definitely not get chicken on it again. Best in Edmonton? I'm not too sure about that.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,2/11/2013,89,141,3,9,4>Yep, upgrading this little place to 5 stars. Why? Because it's CONSISTENTLY good. Went there again with friends from out of town for dinner -- from eastern Canada, who may think that Edmonton's food scene isn't as sophisticated. Verdict? They LOVED it. Eyes rolling at the back of our head kind of love for dinner. We also enjoyed the intimate atmosphere though the location is kinda weird still (Oliver Square and hidden) -- we had to fetch a friend of ours who got a little turned around.I also just came back the other day for lunch and its just as good as I thought. For $10, you get a really high-quality lunch. Why the hell would you eat at a fast food joint when you can have such well made goodness?! I was saddened to see how few people there were at lunch. GO, PEOPLE. IT'S GOOD.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,2/10/2013,5,2,4,13,13>ANGEL NURSES!!! I recently had day surgery on Friday January 18, 2013. I was extremely nervous as this was only my second time being put under. Only once before for my wisdom teeth. The nurses were so gentle, polite and very attentive to me. I sat in the bed and waited for my surgery for an hour and a half, and whenever they had a free moment they would come and talk with me and make jokes trying to make light of the situation ( they brought my junky mags to read. ( In Touch, and Life & Style) When it was my turn the porter came to get me and she was so funny I loved her Filipino accent. The anesthesiologist was GREAT he went over everything with me and put me to sleep with great ease.An hour and a half later I woke up feeling dazed and couldn't remember where I was as there were new nurses on shift now. They were awesome they came to my bedside and calmed me down and reassured me the surgery went well. While waiting for my husband and kiddos she made me toast with PB & J... yum. She helped me get dressed and brought a wheelchair around for my husband to take me to the car in. She made me feel cared for and that I had her time and full attention. Sometimes you get the feeling that they have somewhere else to be.On Monday a nurse from day surgery called me to see how I held up on the weekend and how I was feeling, and she didn't stop short of knowing it was my birthday on monday and she wished me a happy birthday!All in all a wonderful experience and it is nice to know that some nurses out there actually still love their jobs!
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/29/2012,2/9/2013,187,427,5,8,7>If it's one thing I miss about my time in Japan, it's the drunken walk of shame for late night sushi. In Edmonton, this walk is colder and the options on Whyte greater than one would expect. The choice this evening was Maki Maki. The menu is pretty extensive even having a number of Vietnamese options to the Japanese. I went with the Maki Combo A because the name suggests I should try the Maki. Combo A  consists of 13 pcs: salmon 2 pcs, tuna 2 pcs, kapa 2 pcs, california 4 pcs, dynamite 3 pcs. It's good, but at a shade under $15 I just think its too pricey. The service is good and the restaurant clean. The service was fast. Almost too fast. The 2 am closing time on Friday and Saturday means our paths will cross again. Good place, but not great.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,2/8/2013,45,8,2,4,4>It's been soooo long since I've done a review on Yelp. This won't happen again, as I've made it a goal to write regular reviews! Walking into LUX, I felt comfortable right away. They offer a very relaxing dinner experience and this made my meal that more enjoyable. From the moment I walked into the door, the customer service experience was first class. When eating at a restaurant, I feel that great customer service completes a wonderful dinner. Servers are sales people for the restaurant, I've been preaching this for years to all my staff and friends. My server at LUX was very knowlegable of the menu, specials and drinks. For this he was able to upsale us like crazy on our bill, so alone I would give them 5 stars on Services. I've already experienced a great evening before I got my food, I was excited to start eating. 'People eat with their eyes' should be a staple quote for all restaurants, and LUX exceeded those expectations. When my food arrived I was even more excited to eat. The plating and design of these dishes are amazing! For the wonderful meal alone, I'm giving 5 stars. I really love what LUX has to offer, from a huge wine menu, delicious menu and high standard in customer service. I would recommended coming here to anybody I know. I hold great respect to the Century Group for the high standards they keep with their brand. Good job!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,2/7/2013,29,61,3,6,5>I believe that I'm the Duke of this Bothy's (although the other location downtown, not this one) for a reason! I love it and I keep going back.  I love the service and that the bar tenders always have great suggestions for new scotches to try.I arrived at this location on the way back from the Airport after picking up my brother.  Whenever he is in town it's tradition to go so we made the stop first thing.  We arrived after the kitchen was closed but they still gave him a bowl of soup and offered him complimentary hash browns or something.  He loved it!  We get treated so well when we're there and it doesn't seem to matter which location.With scotch drinking growing in popularity I imagine they will have a good run for many years to come!Check it out! Even if you don't like scotch they have a nice selection of beers and wines.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,2/6/2013,97,490,2,4,4>Admittedly as I am not much of a coffee connoisseur, I judge a cafe based on how it makes me feel when I step inside. When I pay $5 for a fancy coffee, I want to feel like I'm indulging in some sort of fantasy world outside of my day-to-day reality.And the combination of tasty drinks such as the maple bacon latte (well, it's essentially a latte with whipped cream and a piece of candied bacon on top) and urban warehouse decor takes me to a trendier, more urban place than Edmonton.I like how they're making this an all day establishment and look forward to checking out their wine list.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/22/2012,2/5/2013,115,132,4,6,3>At first glance the Celtic Knot is a great addition to the St Albert pub/bar scene. But on further inspection they have a lot to do before it makes it into my regular rotation. For a place that just opened in the last few months the tables were clearly bought at some sort of auction of used bar furniture. The booths looked inviting but ended up being uncomfortable. The tables were too small to fill the distance between both benches so you ended up having to sit on the edge of your seat or sit comfortably but have a ton of room between you and the table.The decor is modern and at the same time retro with large black and white prints of old European streets and buildings. The huge bar in the middle does dominate the landscape but it's a good centre piece and gathering spot.The service was quite unimpressive. We were often looking for our server and at one point another server came to ask if everything was okay since he even realized we had been left alone. One of our group is a new mother so she wasn't drinking and asked for water. She was given a straw too short for her glass and the server apologized for it. But the two pepsi's that were delivered to the table later on had full length straws. It makes you wonder if they marginalize water drinkers.Finally we shared a few appies from their late night menu: Pulled pork sliders and crab cakes. The crab cakes were soft and surprisingly filled with more crab then expected. The pulled pork sliders were a disappointment but I'm not sure I've ever really enjoyed pulled pork from a restaurant so I may be unfairly critical. I hope that this place does get everything in order sooner rather then later because I think it can fill a St Albert niche that's been missing so far.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,2/4/2013,20,40,6,8,5>I have been remiss in not reviewing Barkers up to now. A typical trip to Barkers for Mac (my 23 month old Standard Poodle) will begin about 7:25 in the morning with me inviting him to come to work with me. Mac knows instantly that it is a daycare day and he is out the door and waiting at the door of the truck like his life depends on it. After parking in the lot at Barkers Mac makes a mad dash for the front door knowing that a multitude of 4 legged friends await him just inside their enclosed yard. He will spend his entire day there and when I pick him up 8 hours later I have a very happy and very tired puppy.The value of socialization with other dogs is invaluable, the staff are always more than willing to keep you at ease when you first leave your four legged friend. They slowly work them into the pack and ensure the day is the best experience for your pet.I never hesitate to recommend Barkers services to anyone. It is a great treat for Mac and is very affordable.I have given them five stars on this review, but in reality it should be five woofs!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,2/3/2013,220,814,1,5,1>A great little place for pho on Jasper Avenue. The prices are in line with what you can find in Chinatown, and the quality is excellent. The beef in my pho tai came already cooked (it should be pink and cook in the bowl), but was tender and lean. The flavour of the broth was excellent and multi-layered. There were no herbs or bean sprouts served to the side (maybe you have to ask?). I also started with an order of onion cakes. They were very crispy, almost to the point of shattering in the a few spots, and needed a lot of the sweet and hot sauce for flavour. I like them saltier and chewier on the insides. Service is quick and friendly, and the place is very clean and bright. I would definitely come here again.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2012,2/2/2013,35,101,7,9,9>If you're not a military or law enforcement peep, or even a big paintball/airsoft geek like me, then this probably isn't a business that you would ever patronize.However, if you are any of those, then you will love, love, LOVE this joint!My paintball & airsoft team (yes, we play both) arranged to try this place out to work on some CQB tactics, and I must say, after I managed to find the place, I was pretty impressed.If you have you own gear, you get a discount on the field rate; if not, don't fret - there are a variety of gear rental options.They also have a small airsoft pro-shop, complete with a tech dude who can sort out any problems you may be having with your toys.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,2/1/2013,81,166,,6,4>Congratulations Delux Burger Bar on being the only restaurant on Bourbon Street that I actually enjoy eating at. I've been here twice so far and both times were really enjoyable.First off, for a burger restaurant, Delux Burger Bar is surprisingly friendly towards vegetarians offering both a customizable veggie burger and a gourmet grilled cheese sandwich alongside various salads and side-dishes. I'm a sucker for grilled cheese and theirs particularly stands out. I love the thick, rich bread that it's served on. Yum!I also love that you can order the "Delux duo" which  is a half and half order of regular  french fries and sweet potato ones. I don't know how many times I've wanted to share fries with a friend at other restaurants and found that both of us wanted the opposite type. Why not both??Finally I've never had any issues with the service at Delux. My food has always arrived in a timely fashion and the service is always friendly. No complaints in that area. Plus even if I had any issues, the complimentary cotton candy they give you at the end of your meal would have made me completely forget anyway!
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,1/31/2013,35,96,,7,5>What a great little teahouse - and a great alternative to my usual haunts (I tend to hit the larger chain coffeeshops).  The guy behind the counter walked us through the process of picking a tea, offering opinions on the huge selection.  We went with the LemonDrop - delicious - and a HUGE slice of apple pie, which was also tasty.  The price was fair, especially when considering the size of the slice we had on our plate.  We were there around 9pm on a Wednesday night and there were a few students studying and at least one first date going on.  A relaxing place to sit with friends and enjoy some tea and dessert.  I'll be coming back for sure.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,1/30/2013,25,260,,8,3>As a bunch of people have already said, before you come to Sloppy Hoggs, make sure you come HUNGRY. Portions are very large and both my friend and I couldn't finish our dishes (and we can eat).You can pass by this place pretty easily (the sign was covered in snow). Keep your eyes pealed for a used video game store (Newave), it's right by there.Came her with a friend on a Sunday afternoon for lunch. Guess who we saw? Daryl McIntyre...didn't even recognize him without his sidekick Carrie Doll.  Anyways, Sloppy Hoggs layout is pretty nice with some exposed brick and a few tables/benches to sit people. The kitchen is in the back so you can't see all the cooking going on unfortunately.For food, we ordered:- 1/2 rack of pork ribs ($16) - came with fries, pit beans and the 1/2 pork ribs could have been a full size. That's how massive they were. You can order the full rack for $24 but that would be excessive. The ribs weren't fall off the bone but they still were quite tasty and had lots of meat on it. A little bit too much fat on mine that I would have preferred to have taken off before it was served.- My friend had "The Cure" ($16) - this monster of a dish consists of two waffles with pulled pork, waffle sauce, sloppy hogg sauce and sunny side up eggs. Side dishes were supposed to be yam fries and chipotle sauce but for some reason, they gave her regular fries.  She really wanted her yam fries and chipotle sauce so she told our waiter and he apologized/brought out a basket of yam fries for her a few minutes later. Not sure how they could mix that up but it all worked out in the end.  She was able to eat one of the massively piled waffles and liked it.Total of our bill was $32 before tax. Worth checking out as this is the first I've seen of BBQ food in the Edmonton area.  Nice if your a NAIT student as it is only a few blocks away!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,1/29/2013,85,580,,5,3>Love this cute little tea shop! Cally's Tea is truly a new addition to Whyte Ave's local gems. The shop is cozy and inviting, and the staff are wonderfully sweet and helpful. They sell all kinds of teas, including Cally's own unique blends, baked treats and sweets, tea accessories, vintage toys and other neat little knick-knacks. There's also a tea "bar" in the back of the shop with tables and seating. I will definitely be back with my friends for a cup of tea and some tea cakes!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,1/28/2013,41,93,5,7,4>As the name says, they serve Thai food. Delicious, authentic, fresh Thai food.  I can honestly say I have never had a meal there that was a disappointment.To begin with, the decor and ambience is calming and understated. Often to get really good Thai food, you have to sacrifice atmosphere. Not here. Black leather seating, stylish lighting and simple, open air understated design contribute to this oasis type feeling. Even the washrooms at Thai Together are comfortable!The other night was no exception. We started out with some piping hot onion cakes that were fresh and gave off a tantalizing smell. A perfect start to a wonderful meal.I had the traditional Pad Thai with mild spice. I am not a huge fan of spicy food so I find this is just the right amount of zip - you can taste the spice, but it isn't painful to eat and your tastebuds aren't overpowered. You get a large serving size that you can either eat as a meal or share with your companion.The Pad Thai had lots of fresh vegetables and just the right amount of tofu - I had mine with chicken and I don't like being overwhelmed with too much of the 'fake' protein. The tamarind sauce wasn't too heavy which allowed the noodles to carry the dish My husband's dish was the Thai Together Cashew Nut Shrimp with coconut rice. He was in his glory while eating and I have to say, after snagging a couple bites, I don't blame him.Sweet crisp peppers pineapple, onions and baby corn cooked in a tangy sauce. A sauce that was described as "Sweet and Sassy" - he is so poetic! The coconut rice was sweet and just sticky enough to soak up the sauce.As if this wasn't enough, we decided to try the mango and sticky rice. I don't usually try this dish at Thai restaurants in Canada because I have eaten in Bangkok so I know how it is supposed to taste. Although it is easier to replicate Pad Thai, I have found restaurants struggle with the mango and sticky rice.I was not disappointed. The rice was absolutely delicious! It was so incredibly sweet and succulent, I could feel my blood sugar levels rising.  The mango was presented perfectly. Because we don't get the soft, fresh mango you find in Thailand, they sliced it into a fan shape and added a few drops of some type of mango dressing.  If they had used a lot of the dressing, it would have overpowered, but as it was, it was just enough to offset the rice. Definitely a must-have.Bonus Tip: The Curry Grouper is to-die-for-good!In total, the meal was under $50
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,1/27/2013,32,58,,8,7>My wife and I discovered this store one day when we were walking through La Cité Francophone (the store has moved from there), and it seemed really cute, but we didn't have much use for it at the time. Flash forward a year, and the birth of our son, and we've been there a number of times, even moreso now that they've moved onto Whyte Ave.It's a wonderful place, filled with very unique toys that you probably won't find anywhere else in the city, or maybe even the province. A lot of the stuff is aimed at French-speakers (they're in the French Quarter, and have a French name, so that may be obvious), but we're Anglophones and have bought tons of stuff from them. Just looking at their products, I think they're all from Canada, or imported from France; cute puzzles, nice clothes, and other unique toys.The new space on Whyte Ave is absolutely beautiful. They have a warm, inviting space that's filled (but not crowded) with their products. Large, custom-built bookcases show off the toys, clothes, and assorted baby products. There's an area to sit and have a cup of coffee, and a safe place for the kids to play while the parents shop. The owner and staff have all been great when we've gone in; definitely go and pay them a visit.We've bought a number of things there to give as gifts, and everyone asks "Where did you buy this?!" Well, the secret is out...
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,1/26/2013,16,119,,8,3>I just made my third trip to Kafana last night, and I'm delighted to report that it was just as lovely as the first two visits. If you're going specifically for a meal, a word of caution: the menu is small, and if there's picky eater among your group, Kafana doesn't do chicken fingers and fries. I find this charming, however, and the few items they offer are so fantastic that it hardly matters. The cevapi (rolled meat on a grilled bun) is freaking awesome, and I'm in love with the sopska salad (the menu doesn't lie--it is like a Greek salad, but much more delicious). They also have a rotating cast of specials and soups, helpfully listed on a dry-erase board that lives on the bar in the front room.The service is thorough and attentive, but they don't smother you or attempt to rush you out the door. The atmosphere is super laid-back. While there are TVs in the front room (last night, both were switched to news channels), they're not turned up to the threshold of pain. It's easy to carry on a conversation at a normal volume, and I've seen several guests with a book in hand. They serve beer and some alcohol, but nobody's ever been too rowdy while I've been there. That said, I haven't seen any children inside, and it doesn't feel like that kind of place.See you there!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,1/25/2013,45,53,,2,1>I think for the value this is your basic really decent pho. It's fast and reasonable. Usually go with the basic Pho Tai and add some hot chili paste, rip up the Thai basil and add the bean sprouts. I like this location because its always busy so everything is very fresh. It's adjacent to the TNT grocery store. Awesome for a quick bit of nourishment, or take it home after shopping for a great Sunday night meal.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,1/24/2013,322,27,4,10,4>Michael C. who helps Sherwood Park Toyota in resolving possible issues/complaints that customers have, contacted me a couple weeks ago in regards to an experience I had with Sherwood Park Toyota over two months ago.He got Peter from Sherwood Park Toyota to contact me, and we discussed for them to provide a different service at a discounted cost, to which Peter Gladly agreed :)I will be going there today to purchase two new car starter remotes and have them programmed Thank You Michael C. and Peter of Sherwood Park Toyota for regaining my Trust in Your business again :)
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,1/23/2013,79,38,,9,2>Both the service of the staff and the quality of the eyewear at MDO are unbeatable.When you enter the store, you're greeted by a friendly, smiling face and immediately invited to sit down. You have a chat with the staff member taking care of you to help them understand what you're looking for, e.g. "I want to add some colour to my eyewear collection", "I want a classic frame that can go with anything", "I'd like something with a funky shape", etc. The associate will assess your face to determine what sort of frame will fit you best (personally my face is kind of small, and the bridge of my nose particularly small, which really impacts the fit of various frames), then bring you a tray of frames to try on. There's none of this wandering around a crowded store asking to see this and that pair, only to try them on and see that they are completely unflattering. Usually, if my eyewear consultant at MDO doesn't like a frame on me, I don't even bother looking in the mirror (I learned after my first few visits that they're going to be right anyhow). My glasses have always been ready within a few days (I've even had them done same day while I wait when the lenses are in stock). I look forward to shopping here for a long time to come!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,1/22/2013,46,142,1,4,4>I'm a super fan of Katwalk.  So is my credit card company....If you are looking for ultra stylish shoes and boots, this is the place for you.  I love that they only get in a few pairs of most items, so you are very unlikely to run across anyone in the same footwear.  Yes it is an indulgence, but can it be said that good footwear makes the day better?  My service experience here has been outstanding.  The girl that has helped me not only remembered me, she also remembered what I had bought several months earlier.  No sales pressure and good suggestions on alternative choices.  Sadly she will not be there for much longer as she is leaving for school.... but the shoes, the shoes will still be there.The store is affiliated with Wener Shoes (downtown).  I believe the wife runs Katwalk and the husband runs Wener.  They do NOT carry all of the same product (I loved  Wener first, but greatly prefer Katwalk), but the service is comparable in both locations.In a nutshell, it's a treasure hunt to find this out-of-the-way store, but you'll be rewarded.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,1/21/2013,11,22,6,5,5>I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet.  This is my local bar...four blocks from home, a nice stumbling distance. Devaney's is a small neighbourhood pub.  It's not flashy or trendy, it's just a great, low-key place to go to for a late breakfast (and beer), lunch (with beer), dinner (also beer) or just for some beers (with extra beer).  They have a pretty standard "Irish/English pub" menu, but the food never disappoints.  The atmosphere is cozy and comfortable.  A random mix of people ranging from students to little old men, it's a welcoming place to step into, regardless of who you are.  The waitresses and bartenders are always very friendly and willing to offer up food and beer suggestions for when you just can't decide, a situation I find myself in quite often.  I've also had a lot of fun using a Cocktail app to look up recipes and challenging the bartenders to make the random drinks I call out.  I love a bartender who doesn't take him/herself too seriously!The pub is usually super packed - you can usually find people willing to share their table if need be - but it's never overly loud.  They also have a small patio for the warmer months.  It's basically in the parking lot so there isn't much to look at, but a patio is a patio, I think.Special mention to the house band guy who makes an appearance every so often (it's probably the same night every week but I'm usually a few Harps in, causing the day of the week to become hazy).  This guy KILLS it and always makes sure to play a bunch of sing-a-long songs that get the whole pub going.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,1/19/2013,155,209,,5,4>I went to Kaya Kama to have my nails done before my wedding.  They did a fantastic job on my toes and fingers, and I was VERY happy when they fit me in for a quick repair the next day.  The spa was nice and clean and the staff was very friendly and service was great.  I will be checking out this place again as I heard they do amazing eyebrown threading!
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,1/18/2013,136,590,,5,4>Lovely little cafe across the street from where I live. The caramel lattes are to die for! Go get one now! I have been here for lunch twice and both times I have been impressed with how delicious my panini was. It can get busy but the staff are pretty good at getting through the line. The cafe is well kept and the staff are very friendly! I can't wait to try the pasta they have for sale... I just have to decide on which one I want.The connivence factor is great for me, but I would go back even if I had to walk 15 minutes to get to it! Definitely go and check this place out!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2012,1/17/2013,41,217,3,2,2>This should be in Tips but couldn't find it - Lunch specials until 2:00 PM are great value!The food is authentic and great tasting. I have a craving for such food sometimes. They are so good at refilling water, it's amazing. The service overall used to be better, but it's still good. Portions are quite large and the food is filling.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,1/16/2013,30,115,2,4,2>I went to Tokyo Noodle Shop on saturday and as a person who doesn't usually care for sushi, I have to say... It was good!! I had tuna, avocado and salmon maki. The tuna was yummy- not fishy at all. And the price was awesome- for 6 pieces it was $4.95. For 2 orders of maki and green tea was $10. Service was ok, however their knowledge of ingredients in their food was not great. I was a little afraid that some items included gluten, so I stuck with maki. The decor is cute but yes, the restaurant is not big. I would definetly go back and recommend this place. The prices are great and the ingredients nice and fresh.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,1/15/2013,40,61,2,3,3>I'll be blunt - I don't have previous experience with Hole's Garden Centre but  I liked what I experienced.  The Enjoy Centre looks beautiful, and it offers fantastic views.  Boasting a spa, health food store, cafe and nursery, there's definitely quite a bit to do here.  These elements all seemed to blend together rather well into one atmosphere - for examples, just because you were in the spa didn't mean you felt like you were in a different business.However, it does not feel like a close-knit nursery.  It just doesn't.  Partially because a great deal of the nursery is outside, and perhaps partially because they have too much room to work with.  I'm used to the nursery's I visit being cramped and full of product.  In fact, I'd go as far as to say that Enjoy Centre had less plants than I was expecting, considering it's size.  If you can get past that, you'll find a lot here to entertain you.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,1/14/2013,49,256,2,12,6>Evoolution is a tasting bar that features various olive oils and vinegars, as well as salts and other spices. You are encouraged to try everything in store, and combine different flavors to your heart's content!There's something for everyone here. Evoolution offers both "plain" and flavor infused oils and vinegars, and the staff are great at giving recommendations. I'm sure anyone could find something to suit their particular tastes. I've been searching for a balanced and delicious dark balsamic vinegar for a while, and I finally found it here! Since I got to try everything, there was no guesswork. I don't know about you, but when I'm at the grocery store and have 20 different bottles of balsamic in front of me, I have no idea which one I'll like the most, or if I'll even like them at all!For the majority of the oils / vinegars, there are three sizes available for purchase. I believe the sizes were 200 mL, 375 mL, and  750 mL, but don't quote me on that. I bought two 750 mL bottles and my bill came out to just under $60, so the prices are quite fair.Overall, this place is amazing! I'll definitely be back in the future -- I'm telling all of my friends and family about it!
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,1/13/2013,26,71,,3,2>I finally got to try the pan fried beef buns! Slightly crispy on the outside, chewy bun, and with beef and soup filling.I had the chewy/crispy rice rolls with soy milk again, the always green beans in XO sauce, and the Shanghai style hotpot which is quite an assortment of different things. I added photos of all these dishes above . The red bean/coconut free dessert was the best so far I think. This came to $41 although with the hotpot it was far too much for 2 people so the hotpot came home for dinner.As always I can't recommend this place enough for great and authentic Chinese food. The people who work there are really friendly too and there is always at least one lady who speaks English, who can help a bit with working out what to order.The menu has one side with English translations and an all-Chinese side. There is an English translation though which you can ask for.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,1/12/2013,65,170,3,7,7>I was walking down 124 St, passing 102 Ave., when I saw the sign up for Cookie Love, a new bakery specializing in - you guessed it - cookies.  As one who loves cookies, I went in to check it out.  Immediately upon entering the shop, I was greeted by the enticing aromas of fresh cookies baking and was transported back to my grandmother's kitchen.  She always had yummy baked goods in the oven it seemed.  When I tasted the cookies at Cookie Love, I quickly realized that these cookies transcend anything that came out of Grandma's kitchen.  She was an amazing baker, but these cookies are something else.Cookie Love sells their cookies in packages of six for $6.  And they are worth every penny.  I tried both the chocolate chip and the chocolate mint.  The cookies were exquisite:  chewy, moist, with a perfect crumb and an excellent balance of flavours.  I will certainly be heading back to Cookie Love.  Next time, I might have to try their cookie ice cream sandwiches.  Oh my...
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2012,1/11/2013,49,120,3,3,3>I don't know what I would have done without this little store when it was on Stony Plain. I happened to luck in there during a VERY profitable time for my research! Since I write about old Hollywood stars, I discovered that someone had perhaps recently passed away, and their entire collection of Hollywood books had been willed or donated to the MCC. When I commented on the wonderful selection (and based on what I was buying), the one lady working the counter told us that they were putting out part of the collection every Thursday. So there for a while, Allan G and I would hit them every Saturday morning, and I was coming out with DIAMONDS. I was picking up gorgeous $60-$100 coffee table books for $5, $10, and $15. Stuff that had been out of print for years about very obscure people in addition to the bigger stars. Bios, and scandals, and pictorials, oh my! In addition, they also carry the usual home goods, and a decent selection of dishes and old furniture, plus clothes. I once saw the cutest bistro set for $40 in the Stony Plain store I wanted to buy, but we had no way to get it home at the time. I missed out! Now that they're in another location, they have more windows, making it a brighter space, and there's more here. Not as many Hollywood books, sorry (or at least not for the period I'm looking for). I didn't want to reveal my secret while I was buying them once a week, but there are still plenty of other books to buy.  If you're a thrifter, you'll dig this place.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,1/10/2013,2,10,2,11,2>I went to L Lash Bar for my first (ever) set of extensions.  Long story short, I ended up getting them done twice.  The first time, I wasn't happy with them (miscommunication between me and the tech, possibly) and when I called to book a removal appointment (I didn't expect a free removal, btw, because they weren't bad, I just did not like them at all) but Jessi, the owner, was super quick to try and make sure I liked the lashes. I was quickly booked in for an appointment to replace the entire set, going with a completely different style.  I was nervous going back in, being "that" customer (I hate complaining), but everyone was very nice to me!  I walked out of the studio very happy with the lashes!  Due to my lifestyle, I don't think I would get lashes again as I cannot commit to maintaining them due to constant travel for longer periods at a time.  But they were lovely, well done and did last very well.  I am very happy with the service I received and would recommend L Lash Bar to anyone looking to have extensions applied.  The studio was very cute, easily accessible and the staff were all super professional.  While I was there I could tell that they have a regular set of clients, which is always a good sign.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,1/9/2013,94,253,,12,6>I was fortunate enough to attend Nineteen's grand opening and was suitably wowed enough to give it five stars. It's a bit of a hike to get there for anyone who does not live in the southwest, but the food makes the drive more than worthwhile.The room is tall, classy, and a smattering of minimalist chandeliers provide visual focal points. An open kitchen gives the diner full view of food prep. It's a bit like knowing how a magician does their tricks.Expect the likes of chicken and waffles with brie (so many wondrous flavours that meld together), blueberry duck sliders (the colour is almost as exciting as the taste), Japanese baby back ribs (that give a new meaning to the term "tender") and ahi tuna and scallop ceviche (with a pair of "wings" made from thyme crackers that give it the aura of a tropical bird). The menu, thus, is guided by Asian-French fusion. The wine list is equally impressive and the servers are well-versed in suggesting wine-food pairings.Nineteen is a supremely welcome addition to Edmonton's rapidly evolving food scene. Definitely plan a visit.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,1/8/2013,49,25,,6,2>I had no idea Careit existed until I started picking up my weekly CSA produce from Riverbend Deli. Now it is a weekly stop for locally produced meat treats and the most amazing prepared meals a girl who doesn't like to cook could ask for. Greeted when you walk in, even if they are with a customer, is a start to a great trip. I recently picked up their hummus and artichoke asiago dips - fresh, delish and so full of taste! Great with crackers or veggies. Staff is knowledgeable about their deli items, even able to tell me how best to cook the meat and in what I should cook it in. Booyah!They carry their own items as well as Pinocchio gelato, Irvine Farms sausages and some other local produce. Hours are great - every day (Even Sunday!) and until 6pm on Saturdays! The selection is sometimes a little low during the evenings but there is usually something I can substitute. Try the chicken carbonara pasta - take it home and serve your family of four with a fresh salad. Best meal you didn't cook!
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,1/7/2013,292,404,2,11,7>Narayanni's is unique. This is the closest I have come to actual home-style Indian food and what better than having to visit a restaurant that's family owned and operated!  If you want to know what people eat at home in India, come here. Let's start with their vegan nights. They do it every first and third Tuesday of the month and while it is a buffet, you actually feel like you are eating something fresh here.  One of the best things about (real) Indian food is that if it is vegetarian it automatically, almost always, is vegan as well.  This works out well at Narayanni's because there are only a few soy-gluten based fake meat products and everything else is just curries and stir fries using actual vegetables. The meat dishes are good (on non-vegan nights). They make a good lamb curry (don't remember the name) and if you're craving lamb, I would come here.  While the buffet costs $25, they do use local ingredients as best as possible, especially when it comes to meat.  I appreciate that and am wiling to pay that little extra for that.  Their desserts are usually quite good too.  I'm sorry, but Naryanni's vegan buffet has Padmanadi beat! I enjoy the food a lot here.  In strictest terms, they are a South African-Indian cuisine restaurant but I suspect that people of Indian origin from South Africa seem to have retained a lot more of Indian roots than many of us other expatriates.  Don't expect naans, butter chicken and that kind of food on the menu. Come with an open mind and be wowed!
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,1/6/2013,33,247,,13,5>The University of Alberta is a great university and as there are already a bunch of reviews I'll focus on my experience: the Faculty of Engineering. (I did my undergraduate degree here and I have also participated in undergraduate research).Engineering usually gets a pretty bad reputation because it's generally seen as difficult and unforgiving. That, however, is exactly why I knew I fit in. Jumping right into the program you knew right away that it wasn't going to be a cake walk. First year classes were hard (and quite general) but if you made it through that harsh reality check of a year, you got to experience something truly special. Engineering is a great faculty that bands together and promotes unity between all of the Departments. Whether it's GEER week or just finals season, you always see the Engineers helping each other out in any way they can.The professors were always helpful in their office hours and generally pretty understanding of all situations. I have read some reviews that critique the professors for being all about the research and I would have to disagree. Sure the profs do have their research groups but most of them also have a great passion for teaching. Seeing the people who are teaching you have such an interest in what they're doing really peaks your interest and encourages you to develop or search for the same passion that they have.The research that the U of A produces is cutting edge research with great technology and lab equipment at their disposal. All of the research projects that I got to participate in were very interesting and the value of the projects was immediately identifiable.It can be difficult to find parking around the U of A during weekdays, so it may be wise to take the LRT to the university instead to save yourself a headache and some money.The U of A operates as its own city within Edmonton and has many options for entertainment, shopping, and food. With one of the most beautiful campuses in Alberta, you should pop by for a visit and check it out.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,1/5/2013,44,93,3,3,3>Crave has thus far the best cupcakes in Edmonton:The cupcakes are well balanced in flavours and light and fluffy.  I found their icings such as their buttercreams to be not overly sweet which can completely ruin a good cupcake and the red velvet icing with what I think is a cream cheese is mmmmm good!The shop is very tastefully decorated and looks really clean and sanitary which is a complete bonus in my book!  Well Done Cupcake Queens!
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,1/4/2013,7,9,,6,4>We were at Tzin for my birthday last friday and it was to die for!I really had no idea how small the place was.  I read it was small, but had no idea it was THAT small.  It's super cute, cozy, and comfortable, considering it's size.  I loved every inch of the place, though, and hope to go back again. We got there a touch early, and our table for six hadn't come up yet, so we were seated at the bar, poured complimentary champagne and wine until some seats opened up for us and Kelsey (the owner or manager?) treated us like we were close friends of her's.  One resounding comment amongst our group was that the music was a bit too loud.  Subsequently, everyone in the room has to be loud, so the server couldn't hear our order, and we had to ask him to repeat himself when listing off the desserts.That said - food - AMAZING (crab stuffed prawns, baked brie with pear/cran compote, and flourless choc. cake - YUM - YUM - YUM); the wine selection was impeccable, and the atmosphere is exactly what we expected.  A cool, chic, friendly little place I hope to visit again, and again, and again.Tip to Yelpers - RESERVATIONS ARE A MUST.  We originally planned a party of ten, and I'm glad a couple people cancelled - we would have overwhelmed the place!  Go with an open mind (for those of you who think/call yourselves claustraphobic) and an empty stomach, and you won't be sorry.  Cheers!
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2012,1/3/2013,32,60,,5,4>4 years of my childhood i grew up walking to this mall living only 5 minutes away. And though out the years it's been through numerous tweaks and changes, mostly changing the stores inside the mall. But i'd have to say the dollar store was the go to place for me as a kid, where i would buy candy and toys. Now after they re modeled the inside of the mall, i have to say, it looks great!!!They added more escalators through out the mall so that you wouldn't have to walk so far or even go into the big department stores like Zeller, Sear or the Bay just to go up or down a floor, now its located everywhere. They redid the floors and the railings upstairs where you can look down on the main floor. They added more bathrooms through out the mall, so again you dont need to go into the big department stores or the food court to use the bathroom. Never really eaten at the food court, but its very big with a lot of available seats, people cleaning the tables constantly.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,1/2/2013,14,139,,6,3>This is a great pub styled restaurant that just opened in Spruce Grove. I was thinking that since I was there only 7 days after it opened and I only saw that it existed a couple days ago, that it wouldn't be too busy as not everyone would know about it yet, but I was wrong. By 5pm on Friday, the place was full and by about 7pm there was already a small line up to get it.... and this place is huge so its not like they are lacking chairs/tables or something. The drinks are good and the food is typical pub quality. If you're in to hot wings, try their DEATH SAUCE. It's not too hot that you can only finish one, but you are unlikely to be able to finish the entire basket by yourself... if you catch my drift.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,1/1/2013,45,119,,4,5>Looking for a quicker way to get home from work one afternoon I spotted KJ Bowl in an unassuming strip mall. My wife didn't believe me that there actually was a bowling alley in this off-the-beaten path location, but it's there and it's awesome.Walking into KJ is like taking a step back in time. Not much has changed over the years, but that's the way I like it. Like most of the neighbourhood bowling alleys that still exist, it's the Canadian standard five pin. It's never really busy, so you never have to wait for a lane to be open. Just show up, slip on some shoes and start knocking the pins down. My wife and I have started going there a bit more often for little mini dates . It's so close to our house and if we're looking to get out of the house and do something together for a little bit, this always fits the bill.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,12/31/2012,31,151,,4,3>I was a bridesmaid in my hometown friend's wedding a few years ago, and she had ordered the dress for me locally and then mailed it to Edmonton so I could have it tailored. At the time I no idea what bridal shops existed and so I went to the first one I saw on my way home from work (I think it was Career Girl Bridal on Jasper) and asked if they would alter it for me. They said that they did not alter dresses that were not purchased at their store but recommended CS Tailors to me. Kim did a great job altering the strapless, floor-length dress so that I didn't have to worry about it at all during the wedding.I've recently been back to have many other 'tricky' items altered (bought online and non-refundable) - a swimsuit where the stitching is coming undone near a metal clasp, a crochet-lace dress that was too big in the hips, a slinky dress with delicate stretch lace overlay and a cut out back, designer lacy underwear that is too big, a French lace corset that needed the cups taken in. I was worried because I'd always heard that lace was difficult to work with but Kim did an excellent job on all of it, making the items wearable for me :) She did mention in passing that she has done a lot of alterations on lingerie similar to my corset, so that was reassuring. Kim is just a wonderful little lady, very friendly, and like the other reviewer mentioned, she genuinely wants to fix your clothes so that you look great. Prices are what I would consider quite reasonable for the type of skill required to alter. If she isn't there during her opening hours, just give her a call, or walk over to Dang Good next door - she is often helping out there. I would definitely recommend CS Tailors to everyone!
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/30/2012,12/30/2012,19,49,4,3,2>Let me get this out of the way: I don't like Thai food. No Thai restaurant has blown me away and it doesn't help that I'm not a coconut fan.In this case, it was free dinners.By all appearances, this place looks like it was stitched together with blankets, table cloths, and art pieces to make it feel Thai. The dining room is small where tables are put places where tables fit. Not exactly comfortable but it could be worse.Food was pretty good and the specials menu looked intriguing. We stuck with a lot of the basic dishes - spring rolls, rainbow salad, papaya salad, tofu curry, cashew chicken, pad thai, and some fried rice. The pad thai was probably the star of the show, it wasn't over or under seasoned which is usually the problem. Rainbow salad which is something I normally like fell flat - limp and boring. The tofu curry was really interesting, it complemented the coconut rice where I didn't mind it.Service was nice and polite but I didn't feel taken care of. Hot sauce brought the dishes to life but I felt a little annoyed when the table next to us asked for hot sauce and the server grabbed the tray from our table and parked it on theirs. An odd moment to me.For the first time, I enjoyed the food at a Thai restaurant and that really is saying something.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,12/29/2012,77,39,6,9,4>Few are aware that the decor in this magnificent restaurant, has all been imported, piece by piece, from China. That includes the intricate tiles that make the ceiling almost as opulent as the food.In no particular order of awesomeness: spicy dry chicken (affectionately referred to by many as "crack chicken"), Szechuan beef, peach shrimp (I don't know what kind of sauce they are in, but I have yet to find another place in the whole world serving this amazing dish), wonton soup - perfectly spiced, and precision mixed Pina Coladas!The service is attentive and friendly, as can only be expected by these semi-famous, local restauranteurs who have made their way onto the Food channel with their very own show, and are also responsible for the uber-popular Chicken For Lunch restaurant in the Scotia Place food court. (that one's been famous for years amongst the office crowd, you may have heard it referred to as CFL)Guaranteed quality, service and ambience, hit up Lingnan for chinese cuisine, reasonably priced and delicious!Oh, and they do take out and delivery!
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,12/28/2012,41,524,2,3,2>Walking through the store I wasn't sure what to expect, but it was larger than I expected and carried more diverse items than I thought.  There is a variety of brands and prices, so if you're looking for a $1000 purse or a 99 cent face cloth,  you will find it here.I spent time walking through the women's clothing area and lingerie where I found a great gift.  They had cute pyjamas that I have never seen elsewhere and the best part was they were on sale!After the lingerie was the housewares sections.  I found great deals on house items including  99 cent place mats, oven mitts (where they sell them as a pair for $7 !), a matching apron, and cute kitchen towels.  I could see myself spending more time in this area.  Towards the back there's more ladies clothing and coats and I thought this area was going to be pricey but the prices were very reasonable for work clothes.  Leaving the store, I browsed in the men's wear and could likely find some gifts here.The fitting rooms can be difficult to find, and they are a little small but there wasn't a line.  The only thing missing is a shoe department.  I also liked that there is more than one cash register in every section of the store and I wasn't left waiting more than a few minutes.  The staff also come out from behind the counter to give you your bagged purchase.  Lovely! Will definitely go back soon!
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2012,12/27/2012,70,102,,5,2>If your in the market to finding a new book , but cant seem to find it anywhere? Well head over to Audreys Books, if they don't have it they will happily order it for you. Which is exactly what I had to do. I thought I was doomed looking everywhere, here at Audreys, I ordered it and they'll call me when its in, No more worries. They even have weekly specials and on occasion they will have certain authors come in for book signings.  They have a great selection, which means tons of books. Here, Its a Book Lovers Dream come true.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,12/26/2012,13,51,,9,5>Let me start out by saying that I am a big fan of the Faculty Club and what it represents. I have been there countless times for lunch, dinner, drinks, and special events. In terms of food, my favorites are the upstairs lunch buffet and the chef's special (dinner). The quality of the food is generally high, the upstairs dining area is magnificent day or night, the prices are very reasonable, and the staff are super nice. In addition, parking is easy, which makes it a very convenient location at whatever time of the day.I am also a big fan of the Saturday brunch buffet, but can't go too often as I have a tendency to eat way too much. They offer a very generous buffet with a variety of traditional brunch items, desserts, cheeses, and fruits. I have heard people complain about the lack of vegetarian options, and although I am not a vegetarian, I have noticed that there are not too many meat-free options at the downstairs lunch buffet. They always prepare some vegetarian sandwiches, but sometimes these are all gone by the time I get there. The dinner menu, on the other hand, always offers vegetarian options.The Faculty Club also has a bar that serves free popcorn(!!), and also cheese and crackers if you show up early enough on Friday afternoons. Wednesday night is beer night and you can get jugs of beer at $10. Not bad at all! They have a large patio, which is a really great place to enjoy popcorn and beer, or lunch in the summer.If I ever leave Edmonton, the Faculty Club will be one of the places I will miss the most. You can find good restaurants and bars almost anywhere, but there are not that many places like the Faculty Club left out there.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,12/25/2012,49,117,,3,2>Beijing Beijing is one of the first places I think of going to when I feel like Dim Sum.Other than the fact that I live close by it. If you go during the weekends, it's packed with lots of people, especially family and friends getting together to catch up. The wait is pretty descent, you get seated pretty quickly no matter how many people you have. The servers work fast to put the tables together and set you up with tea and a menu right away. They are very proficent and aware of there surroundings at all time.The dim sum here isn't bad. It's not extremely greasy, looks clean and most of the time edible. I like the tripe here, because it's soft and it's not chewy and hard to swallow. The egg tarts and the BBQ pork buns are good. I like most of there dim sum items and the prices are fairly reasonable. I've also came here for dinner. They have a good selection of nice dishes to choose from. Everytime we come here for dinner we make sure we try different dishes. Most of the dishes are delicious. We don't have much complains about the food. I like the Honey Garlic Chicken,Honey & Garlic Spareribs,Chui Chow Fried Tilapia, Crab Baked in Cheese, and most of the vegetable dishes. I liked that Beijing Beijing tries to create new flavors and you can always request your food to be cooked in a certain way as long as you know what you're talking about.This is also a wonderful place to have a wedding banquet.I can handle the 10 course meal here.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,12/24/2012,33,149,2,3,3>It's such a great feeling to drop off junk/garbage and think that maybe you're not contributing to the global pile of waste.If you have an item that's junk, be sure to look at the Eco Station website prior to putting it into the garbage -- if it can be recycled, why not take the extra 30 minutes to drop it off?I have gone many times and not had a line-up once, maybe the timing is important?
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,12/23/2012,24,30,2,3,2>Autobody shops aren't the kind of place you just wander into and think "hey, I should get some work done on my car." You go looking when it's necessary, but where do you go? We were referred to Balwin Collision by our insurer and we got lucky. All of our dealings with Balwin Collision were excellent. The manager was very friendly and helpful and helped us through the process in evaluating the damage to our car and getting it fixed.The work on our car was done quickly and everything looks better than before. I know the outside of a car has to be cleaned before painting any of it but our whole car looked like it had a new paint job. It looks great! The last thing I expected was for the car to be cleaned inside but the interior was spotless, even the trunk! I swear they had to have steam cleaned everything.For obvious reasons, I hope I never have to use Balwin Collision's services again, but it is Edmonton after all, so I just might. And if I do need an autobody shop again, I won't hesitate to call these guys.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,12/22/2012,31,99,2,6,4>Shades is one of my favorite places to pick up upscale, workable, day to day fashion in a local setting. The owner, Marina, puts a lot of care into her store and is clearly very conscious of upcoming trends and what the Edmonton fashion scene wants and needs.The store is a nice big modern, airy space, with the racks hung neatly and cleanly. Every time I've come in, the store has always been well organized, clean and beautiful. I appreciate how there's always a lot to see, but it's never overwhelming to the eye. The customer service is consistently great, with their employees never hovering or pushing you to buy - they are often comfortable with letting you browse to your leisure (I often circle the store three or four times!) and always friendly and approachable.Shades mostly focuses on carrying clothing - lots of harder to find designers or Canadian lines - I also appreciate seeing more mainstream lines like BCBG Generation. They also have accessories such as jewelry (lots of local made or artist designed), belts, shoes, wallets/handbags and candles. All of the pieces in the shop are beautiful, high quality pieces that you can tell were hand-picked with care and thought.Prices are consistent with a boutique or a high end department store - you are paying for quality and individuality. I have to disagree with a previous reviewer complaining about Shades reordering designs that are doing well - um, hello, if it's popular, that's how you know it's good! It's not like Shades of Grey is set up in every corner of every city and it's not like each order of each design is more than a few pieces per size - even with a few reorders, you'd be hard pressed to run into someone at a party wearing the same outfit. I like (and prefer) that they make things accessible for their customers and are able to truly listen to what their clients want.My only complaint is that this store definitely caters to a specific demographic in the fashion industry. I understand they have to analyze their typical clientele and also work with the restrictions of the designers they order from, but if you are over a size 10/12, you may be hard pressed to find a ton of selection in this store. The selection of denim they offer is often only up to a 30 inch waist (from what I've seen) and I've never seen a top or a dress over a size 10. Granted, all things fit differently, but just a warning to the more curvier ladies out there.All in all, Shades of Grey is a must-visit boutique on the 124th Block to Shop. If you are a budding fashionista or a trend setter, you will love it.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2012,12/20/2012,30,54,2,8,9>This can only be a tentative review because Central only just opened and I'm waiting to see what atmosphere finally settles in.But my experience this evening was good! $4 draft on Thursdays, and a decently long draft menu too. Our waitress seemed a bit inexperienced, but she was very nice, capable, and real. She didn't know what an Old Fashioned was but she admitted as much, wrote it down, and reported back to me about their lack of bourbon. Fair enough, I appreciate your honesty. Central doesn't specialize in classic cocktails. They specialize in (mostly non-exotic) beer and on-tap-martinis. Like juice, but impairing.This place is large: lots of booths, some big party tables, big private sections, many big TV's. Big. It's noisy but they didn't pump up the music while I was there, although we only stayed until 10. I get the feeling that Central could be another Pinte/On the Rocks/Druid/Hutson's/etc, but it might, and I think can, differentiate itself; the space is much nicer and more modern than any of these places. Time will tell what becomes of Central.I didn't try the food, but the menu looked pretty full. Unlike other sports bars it had vegetarian options, so that says something.Four stars for now.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,12/19/2012,158,543,7,5,5>I feel like a dirty mistress... I've found a Donair Place to Rival my longstanding love affair with Famous Joe's Burgers and Donairs.I came to Simply Donairs this past weekend as a result of an ongoing fued with a co-worker who insistes that Simply Donairs is the BEST in all the land.  I snuck a peek at the reivews on here in advance and I must admit, the 4 1/2 star average had me all fired up and ready to go!Hubby and I popped into Simply Donairs this past weekend, Saturday night at 950PM on the nose.  I noticed on the door that they close at 10pm 7 days a week.  I quickly asked the Chef/Owner if it was too late to order.  He enthusiastically invited Hubby and I to take our time as he needed a good 30 minutes to close up the store anyway.There were two young men line also waiting for their orders.  I asked them if they were regulars, and YEPPERS, of course they were!FYI:  I uploaded PICS of the items reviewed below:Hubby and I wanted to give Simply a fair shot so we decided to order 3 small menu items to get a good overview of their menu.1)  Small Falafel with housemade Tzatziki = PHENOMENAL 5/5 stars for sure!My hubby and I LOVE, and I mean LOVE falafels; Simply Donairs did not disappoint!  The chef said that he orders the spices direct from their naturally sourced origin and makes them from scratch.  They were DIVINE!  2)  Small Mixed Donair (chicken and beef) = 3/5 stars.The Chicken and Beef Donair was good... but it was a little too greasy for my tatste and over sauced.  We had the sweet sauce which was good - but a little too fruity for my liking.  Almost pineapple like?  The mushrooms are canned - not fresh :-(  And no banana peppers or jalapenos - but yes to Frank's Red Hot Sauce.  Everthying was prepared with love and grilled to perfection but the meat was greasier than I like and not seasoned as much as I prefer.  Don't get me wrong - if this was the only Donair I had ever had it would still still be a winner but it just didn't hold a flame to my original love, Joe's Famous Donairs and Burgers.  3)  Small Donair Poutine - OH my God - Oh my GOD - Oh my God!  5/5 Stars!The Small Donair Poutine was out of this world delicious!  First, he used crinkly fries which really held their texture and didn't get soggy.  There was enough meat to more than last through every bite!  And the sauce--- Mmm... Can you say heavenly?  He mixed sweet sauce with the Gravy!  Now, it was mozerella, not cheese curds - but that is what I'd expect at a Donair House anyway.HEAVENLY - did I mention heavenly?The prices were bang on, too!  Smalls were about $6 and larges were around $8.  Hubby and I were unable to finish all of our food and he even threw in 2 baklava for us, as it was our first visit!The place was clean, bright, and even had two well kept washrooms - a big plus in my eyes!If you are in the mood for a Falafel or Donair Poutine - this is the place to be!  And if you like your Donair to be a little on the reasy side - you will probably gtive thes place a 45/5 for their Donairs, too.The owner couldn't have been more hospitable or friendly!  Love this place!  So even though they did not replace my longstanding love affair with Joe's Famous Burger and Donairs, this place is still a 5/5 in my books!Better yet... Do a taste test and compare the two!  They are both loacted in the same parking lot!  Yep, that's right - in the same parking lot!  Simply Donairs is next to Dairy Queen and Joe's Famous is next to Klondyke Flowers.Simply Donairs, you have made a FAN out of me!
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/9/2012,12/18/2012,21,31,2,5,4>I don't usually frequent The Druid, but have been on a few occasions.Generally, the place is welcoming, spacious and has a good atmosphere.The food is pretty decent as far as pub fare goes, and the price isn't too daunting. The beer selection is also quite good - which is, I suppose, expected of an Irish pub. And it goes without saying that The Druid will fill to capacity on St. Patrick's Day.Go early on a Thursday. $3 pints is a pretty phenomenal deal. $2 sliders on top of that is an exceptional deal. At least, assuming you like beef sliders - the chicken ones were... meh.I will say that the service was the one major stumbling block. The staff is absolutely friendly - but we didn't see our waitress nearly often enough, and the food and drinks took quite a long time to come to us.It may have been partly because our waitress was hanging out with friends in between serving our table. Not 100% certain - but it seems like that may have been a factor. I have no problem with staff at a restaurant or bar chatting with people they know while they're at work - just so long as it doesn't impede the service.Anyway, that service hiccup aside, The Druid is a solid neighbourhood pub. If you live in the downtown area, you should definitely give it a try.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,12/16/2012,67,269,1,10,5>I've been to One One Eight a couple times now, and I think I'm really going to like having them in the neighbourhood. They've got an awesome beer list, tasty cocktails, an interesting looking menu (the kimchi sliders are delicious!), and so far they seem to keep the volume at a conversational level. So far they seem like they will fill in that chill-but-classy bar shaped hole in my Oliver heart.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,12/15/2012,14,141,2,3,3>First of all, the atmosphere is nice; lots of dark wood, dim lights, friendly staff, no loud music, and not too big. I get a nice relaxed, cozy feeling whenever I come here. The food isn't stunning, but I've never had anything bad and the amount of food you get for the price seems reasonable to me. I do, however, love the Steak Tartar and that's discounted on Wednesday nights.I wish there were more taps (there's 6 or 7) or perhaps more beer I like on the taps that they have, but there's usually at least one beer on there I'm happy to drink. And if you're lucky, you might even convince the owner to dig something cool out of the bottle fridge.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,12/14/2012,34,170,,4,4>Love this place!  Staff are super-friendly, food is excellent (and fast!).  Wide variety of selection -- some sushi / sashimi, but also cooked products like rice bowls and tempura.Their bubble tea is great, too!We've yet to eat in, but their atmosphere is very nice and their waiting area (for takeout patrons) is welcoming, as well.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,12/13/2012,36,173,6,8,5>I often crave a noodle-y dish so it really doesn't get any better than this for me when it comes to fast food.  It's a rare day when you will hear me say "Naw, I don't think I feel like stir-fry today."  And since I am super picky about what goes into my meals, this is definitely my preferred stir-fry takeout establishment.Growing up in a family of onion, pepper, and spice lovers as the only one who was not a huge fan of these foods items, I became quite successful at carefully dissecting my food to remove the undesired ingredients (yeah - I am a little OCD about it but we all have our quirks, right?).  It is a breath of fresh air to go somewhere and get exactly what you want - no more or less!  And for a fair price (I want to say $7.50) you can get just that at Mongolia Express.  A full bowl for me is at least 2 meals so it`s not a bad deal at all.  So far, I have never had to wait in line - that`s always a bonus!Sometimes it really is the simple things - and a lot can be said for enjoying my favourite dish without worrying about unknowingly biting into a creepily textured water chestnut or something of the sort.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,12/12/2012,32,106,1,7,5>Neat - this is the only de Dutch in Alberta (Calgary had 2 at one point, both of which have closed).The interior renovation job done by de Dutch is striking. I was impressed at how nice and inviting the space was. I was also impressed by the range of delicious-looking options on their menu, ranging from Eggs Benny (Shrimp, Salmon, etc.) to Dutch Pannekoeken. Although I have yet to try one of the giant crepe-like creations, they looked fabulous coming out of the kitchen.I tried the shrimp Eggs Benny and it was delicious. Served on Dutch rusks instead of English muffins, it was a crunchier take on this perennial breakfast favourite. The real star of my breakfast was de Dutch's coffee. It was absolutely delicious! Full of flavour, but not bitter or overpowering. I want to drink their coffee every morning.The service was extremely friendly, and very efficient even though the place was quite packed on a Sunday morning. The price point was on the high side for breakfast - at $14 a plate, the Eggs Benny is not comparable in the budget to say, the Commodore. However, the great coffee, beautiful space and friendly service will definitely lure me back for many a brunch in the future.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,12/11/2012,69,90,4,9,5>I have tried both Saute pork and BBQ Pork sandwich. Both sandwiches are delicious.  The baguette is fresh and crunchy and it is filled with pickled carrots and cilantro. One of the best sandwich places in Edmonton. The price is very reasonable (7$ for a big sandwich). The only thing that needs improvement here is their working hour (They close at 8 on weekdays). I like to go back there and try other items on the menu. Something that I can promise is if you try this place you will never go to Subway :D It is both cheaper and more delicious.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,12/10/2012,50,288,2,4,3>My friends and I had plans to go to this restaurant. I've never done the whole grill your own food thing, and was really looking forward to it. Then I started feeling yucky (this was before the restaurant). I wasn't sick, but I figured loading my stomach with copious amounts of meat wouldn't be a good idea. So I stuck to have soup, and rice from the buffet. My friends really seemed to enjoy their food (they also had the buffet). It certainly wasn't busy when we were there (ate around 5pm) but the restaurant got busier the later we stayed. Our waitress was very nice, and made sure to replace our grill tops frequently. I ordered green tea to drink and it was really good.The only thing I didn't like, and this is partially my fault which is why I'm keeping the review at 4 stars instead of knocking it down to 3, is the price. See you pay $29 for the buffet (with extra charges if you start getting too greedy with your meat portions). That price is in effect no matter what you get, so even though I just had soup and rice I still paid the same price as everyone else. I should have said something at the beginning, or possibly just asked to order something from the menu, but I didn't and I ended up overpaying (for what I got). My fault I know, but it would have been nice if I was cut a bit of a discount because I didn't eat any meat, or any of the other main dishes on the buffet table. Still I liked what I had, and my friends seemed to like what they had so I'll likely try Ginseng again when I'm feeling much better, and can eat a little more.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,12/8/2012,11,39,,5,2>Awesome lunch buffet, and fairly inexpensive at about $15 per person. The staff are friendly, the atmosphere is great, and the food is delicious. They seem to change up some of the buffet dishes from time to time, but there's always something I really enjoy, and their naan is better than most other Indian restaurants I've been to! They also have really good pudding/custard for dessert!If I had to point out some faults: if you're not sitting in one of the booths, the tables are a bit dark. The washrooms are also a bit dimly lit and odd in general.If you like Indian food, this is definitely a good place to try.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,12/7/2012,89,141,2,7,6>WAAAAH. I wish I lived downtown so I could be closer to this gem of a sandwich shop. Barely larger than a closet, this cafe boasts some of the best sandwiches in the city -- and if the duck confit sandwich I had the other day was any indication, then they certainly have lived up to the acclaim. SO GOOD IT DESERVES ALL CAPS.One of my biggest pet peeves with sandwiches are the bread-to-filling ratio (often overwhelmingly bread, barely any insides), and Elm somehow got it right. Great, crusty bread, too! I also got their last "Turtle" muffin -- apparently, sourced from Duchess (as we all know is one of my faves) but baked and put together in-house. FANtastic.They only lose one star due to the size constraints, which is partially made up by their patio outside... just wish there was a wee more elbow room and sitting space because I would love to bring clients and such for meetings here.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2012,12/6/2012,22,29,,4,5>Stopped in for the first time on a chilly Wednesday night and was pleasantly surprised to find a nice, cozy pub. Good beers on hand, burgers on special (recommended by staff and a friend we bumped into at the bar), sports on the few TVs scattered around the room, I can see myself sliding back in to the Tavern.The bartender/waitress was really attentive. While the bar wasn't packed, she was clearly doing her best to ensure everybody there had a fresh drink and food and a little chatter. I wasn't sure what to expect when Tavern took over this spot on Whyte but I think it could be a good neighbourhood pub.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2012,12/5/2012,38,68,,4,3>This place definitely lives up to its reputation and then some! I've been wanting to come here for a while and tonight, my hubby and I thought a spontaneous dinner without kids would be a great fit.When you first arrive, it's a little confusing as to where to order, as there is a counter to the left and one ahead, as well as tables just behind the counter on the left. You're not too sure if you should seat yourself or go to one of counters. So we asked. The staff at the counter on the left was happy to help and came over to us to explain how they worked. Once we ordered, which we needed assistance with, as we were not familiar with traditional Mexican food, the staff suggested a few spots to be seated. We then took our order number sign and sat. Within minutes we had our appetizer of guacamole and chips and drinks. It was extremely busy and the wait staff was always very attentive to us, in addition to another person, who seemed to be a front of house manager (possibly the owner). The food arrived quickly and one bite was enough to know we found a gem of an eatery. I had the special which was braised lamb tacos and my hubby had Yucatan spice pork shoulder quesadillas. The flavour was so amazing! I've never had Mexican food like it!Once we were done, we took our order sign to the cashier (a separate place than the order counter) and the staff took care of us promptly.An absolutely fantastic experience! My only suggestion would be that they improve the intake process or create signage so customers know what to do when they arrive. We will be back!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2012,12/4/2012,187,427,6,8,5>Just south of Whyte Avenue on 101 street you'll see a sketchy looking door called Wunderbar. You'll probably walk in and think, "WTF! This is just a room with a bar in it!" And you'd be right, but its so much more!What you need to understand is that this room serves this city's local brews on tap as well as has some of the most unique microbrew beers you'll find in Edmonton. In addition, there is live music almost every night. These are the kinds of places you want in a city. They are focused on the real, even...organic, and that gives it much character. Expect the facial hair per person density to increase significantly when you walk though that sketchy looking door!
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,12/3/2012,187,341,4,8,5>I hadn't been to Bonnie Doon Bowling Lanes in years, so I was surprised to rediscover that it has 48 lanes! Usually the older bowling alleys only have a dozen or so lanes, so imagine 48 lanes of glorious bowling tucked into the basement of Bonnie Doon Mall. It wasn't very busy when we got there on a Saturday night around 7pm, but more and more people kept coming as the night went on. We used a Groupon and all we had to do was hand it over and get our shoes. No fuss, no muss. Girl at the desk was friendly and chill. The snack bar looked like it had a lot to choose from (burgers, sandwiches, pizza, fries, nachos), but all we got was a large pop for the super low price of $1.70.They had something here that I've never seen before. 10 practice balls before you start playing your game! Nice little warm up. Cute/funny graphics on the screen when you get a strike/spare/gutter ball. I swear our lane was wonky - it must have been crooked or something for real. The balls were doing all sorts of weird sharp curves that just aren't possible unless the lane is whack. Maybe (hopefully) it was just our lane. We had a great time regardless. Prices are:$5.50/game/person$5.00 15 yrs old and younger before 6pmSpecial - $14 for 3 games including shoesShoe rental $2Hourly:1/2 hour - $16 all you can bowl per lane1 hour - $30 all you can bowl per lane1.5 hours - $45 all you can bowl per laneNeon bowling (Saturdays 7pm-11pm):$6/game/person3 games for $15/person
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,12/2/2012,509,247,6,9,8>AHHHHHHH Three Boars, You have amazed me with super food, excellent service and in a delightful smaller setting. Our cozy table for 12 was set and everything ready to rock when we arrived. Drinks were flying to our table and the food orders were served quickly.The tapas dishes were so tasty. I especially liked the boars jowl and brisket dishes. All dishes were shared and sampled around our table along with speciality drinks and some Lime Drop vodka shooters to top off the night.I thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere at Three Boars along with a table of good friends the night could not have been better! I will be back and recommend you give this place a try. Thank you to the Three Boars staff from the YELP group.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2012,12/1/2012,29,61,2,4,2>What isn't there to like?  Endless meat that has been cooked over wood fire and either salted or spread with a garlic paste!  I absolutely love this restaurant and like to go once every few months.  I didn't have a reservation but was told I could sit at the chefs table.  The rotisserie was right in front of us and we got our meats right away.  Before they walked around the rest of the restaurant we got first dibs.  I didn't like having my back to the restaurant but I'm pretty sure I'll go back and ask to sit there again.The many selections of meat are brilliant but I can say without hesitation the bacon wrapped chicken stole the show.  What I experienced that was also new was that our server brought some dips right to us.  I have always gotten my own but it was really a nice touch that she went above and beyond to make sure we had a great experience. I'd also suggest this amazing 47 flavour after dinner drink.  It's imported from Spain and helps with digestion and calming the stomach.  It's a lot of meat for anyone but I felt great after drinking this unique fruity drink.This is a must go to restaurant!
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,11/30/2012,74,399,3,6,4>My liver probably hates me for it, but this place is awesome for several reasons:1. Gluten-free batter!!2. Generous portions/reasonable prices3. A neat atmosphere3. Self-serve unlimited fountain pop4. Did I mention the gluten-free batter??!I don't come here to be healthy, and deep-fried stuff has almost totally been of my list of things to eat, since I can't have gluten. But here, I had battered cod, pickles, and pineapples! My gawd... it was amazing! Yes, I also had to do a major detox after, but it was worth it!
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,11/29/2012,115,132,2,4,3>I'm not sure how these guys do it but they really have everything. 1. Crazy daily food/drink specials that make me want to come back every day.2. Hot servers/bartenders that are genuinely friendly.3. Great interior and ambiance.4. $3 all drinks special on Fridays?!5. Lots of TV's for sporting events.6. Location is still close enough to downtown but far enough away that they don't charge for parking!I hope that's enough reasons to check out Social Modern but if it isn't then maybe you'll be lucky enough to drop by when they are hosting a speed dating event. The bar is big enough that there is still room even with the daters!I'll see you there, try the food!
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2012,11/28/2012,97,490,2,6,5>Could this be the best Donair place in Edmonton? Please note the emphasis on Donair, this isn't shawarma. I think it beats Urbanspoon's #1 Cheap Eats restaurant, Swiss Donair.So what separates Enzo's from every other Donair spot in town.1) Fresh, soft pita bread!2) They'll grill onions3) Well-seasoned meatIt's still greasy as can be, and I'd still take a shawarma from Al Salam over this, but I may now have a new favourite greasy lunch spot!
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/11/2012,11/27/2012,10,29,6,5,2>This is a place I normally wouldn't walk into, unless I was forced by an army of orcs, or my best friends birthday...whichever you feel is more realistic. Not because it's a horrible establishment, but because I have no patience to create an awesome masterpiece, and am completely lacking in the creativity department. Plus, I'm really clumsy. Moving along! There are white ceramic pieces that line the walls, with decent prices written on them in pencil (considering that price includes paint and kilning fees). There's also a bookshelf that has a million and a half colours (okay, not really but it feels that way when you're trying to pick which 2 colours to paint a dopey dragon when there's at least 45 of them). Anyways, we had booked a table for 12 people for 2 hours, which was enough time for me...but if you're the type who actually sketches out what you're going to paint before hand, you'll probably have to come back to finish the job. I had to wait a few days to get my dopey dragon back, because kilning takes about a week. All in all, it was a good time. Maybe I'll even venture inside again and leave them something worthy of a 10 year old...maybe.ps. Cash only.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,11/25/2012,35,96,3,5,3>While this place is a "fast food" type joint, it seems a bit of a step up from your usual TacoBell - though it is by no means a Tres Carnales Taqueria.  Big portions, quick service, big portions, tasty sides/additions, and did I mention big portions (when you go with the larger choice)?  If you are in the area, in a rush, and want a tasty and filling burrito, then give Burrito Libre a try.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/3/2012,11/24/2012,220,814,,5,3>Another restaurant in the super-successful New Asian Village chain of East Indian eateries. The menu for Naanolicious reads like fast food, but this is indeed a sit-down restaurant. The decor is magnificent. The menu is Indian/Canadian fusion, with items like butter chicken fries, naan with pizza toppings on it, and grilled sandwiches, with Indian food fillings as well as tomato, cucumbers, and cheese in a naan. There are some main dishes and lots of different kinds of stuffed, plain, and dessert naans. I could see myself coming here just for a naan and a drink.On this, my first visit, I had an aloo gobhi grilled naanwich. The potato and cauliflower filling was seasoned to my taste (mild) and delicious. The grilled naan that surrounded it was also excellent. Personally, I don't need to fuse my Indian food with Western tastes, so I did not even eat all of the cucumber and tomato. I also did not know that cheese would be all over the inside of the sandwich (and they were kind enough to replace it for me). The side of Bombay potatoes was small but also delicious.Prices are a bit high for what you get, but the food is New Asian Village quality (which is to say, excellent). I also liked the open kitchen where you could see the chef preparing the food.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/24/2012,11/23/2012,25,260,,8,3>Went here again for the second time with a group of 7 for a friend's birthday on a Saturday evening.  We ordered a ton of food but I wasn't impressed this time around.  This is what we ordered:Appetizers- 4x Raw oysters in ponzu ($13 for 6 pieces) - so we had 24 oysters. Some were pretty good but others left a really grimy taste in my mouth.* 2x Salmon sashimi ($14 for 8 pieces ) - beautiful presentation. Part of the salmon sashimi was made into the shape of a rose put on a block of ice.  This was probably the best dish we had from our dinner!- Shrimp tempura ($13) - nice sauce, but pretty ordinary.- Vegetable tempura ($10)- Beef tataki ($14) - I didn't try it but my friends that did said they liked the onions more than the beef. Not a good sign when the beef should be the star of the dish.RollsGood* 2x Passion roll ($10) - these were good. Slick presentation and had a nice saucy kick to it with the mayo. - 2x Joe's Special roll ($15) - this is one of their most popular rolls.* Dragon roll ($13) - yummy with eel, avocado, green onion over a tasty eel sauce- Apprentice roll ($13) - different with a light mango mayo sauce* Spicy scallop maki ($4.50) - you get 6 small makis but these are good. Nice spicyness to it with sesame seeds on top.Bad- Spider maki ($13) - normally I love spider maki but the rice in this one was not done properly. The roll was chewy.- Mexican ($12) - this one was bizarre. They put tortilla chips, salsa and avocado surrounding the rolls. The rolls were unmemorable.- Sumo roll ($12 for 8 pieces) - these are absolutely massive rolls. Still don't understand why they make them so big. Real sushi your supposed to eat in one bite - this one takes two.  Same problem as the spider maki - texture all wrong.Dessert* Tempura fried ice cream ($8.50) - had this once again. It was good but not as good as the first time I had it. The tempura wasn't very crispy. But the different ice creams in it were good - chocolate, green tea and coconut.* Mango and tapioca pearls on mango shaved ice ($6.00) - refreshing and light dessert. Perfect way to end our meal. Note - The * indicates the dishes I liked/would order again Overall, service very friendly. We were put in a separate booth area as we were a large group but the food is not worth the price. Our bill was something around $280 before tip. Plus, the massive sumo rolls just aren't appealing to me. Not worth driving all the way out to Sherwood Park (lucky me I was in the east area beforehand).
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/18/2012,11/22/2012,16,84,,5,3>I have driven past this place countless times over the last several years. I never bothered to stop because it looked trashy. After reading all of the reviews I decided to judge less and experience everything Route 99 had to offer. I was pleasantly surprised. The menu is diverse and the decor is stereotypical of a diner-type establishment.Between the two of us we had grilled cheese, coleslaw, fries, French toast, and poached eggs. The food was great, especially the French toast and coleslaw.The service was below average - slow, inattentive, and we never received a refill on our drinks.Great place for a quick bite to eat!
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,11/21/2012,81,166,2,10,10>I want to extend a huge thank you to T.H.I.S. Place for introducing me to Vietnamese coffee. Before trying it here, I didn't even know it existed. It's amazing. Normally I prefer my coffee sans milk and sugar, but the combination of an espresso-strength brew with condensed milk was divine. Not only was the coffee delicious, it's perfect if you need a good pick-me-up. The first sip was a bit of a shock to my system.When I decided I wanted to try their homemade popsicles, one of the owners suggested that I try the roasted peach flavour. I always appreciate it when people make suggestions as I'm notorious for being indecisive. I'm glad I went with her recommendation because it was amazing. I love that they use fresh fruit ingredients to make their treats. Major yum! I was also intrigued by their sweet corn flavoured popsicle. I heard good things about it from other people so I will have to try it next time.Besides the food and drinks, the atmosphere at T.H.I.S. Place is lovely. The staff are extremely friendly and attentive and the café itself is cozy and inviting. I'm so glad I found out about T.H.I.S. Place and I will definitely be returning soon.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,11/20/2012,85,580,,6,3>Excellent! I can see why Zinc was voted one of the top restaurants in Edmonton now. I've been looking forward to dining here for months and Zinc did not disappoint!Tucked in one of the corners of the art gallery's main floor, the restaurant has an ultra modern, urban feel much like the rest of the gallery. The staff are courteous and professional and make sure you are comfortable and enjoying your meal. Service can sometimes be touch and go at nicer restaurants like this, but Zinc separates itself from that tendency.Now onto the food! We had the duck confit for starters which was delicious. The confit is stuffed with shredded duck, peas, onions and lots of melted cheese. Served with a flavorful tossed salad and gourmet grilled cheese sandwich, this dish would make a great lunch entree all on its own.For the entrees, the pork tenderloin was wonderful, served with fresh juicy tomatoes. There was just enough fennel sprinkled over the dish that didn't make it overpowering but offered a light fragrance. A slice of pork belly served with blueberry jam sits on the side, a great bonus to this impeccable dish!To cap our amazing meal we finished with the salted caramel creme brulee. The creme brulee itself is not at all sweet and so is a good choice for those who don't have a very sweet tooth. Cleanse the palate with the dish's remaining side of fresh berries and a refreshing scoop of sorbet. They even included complimentary ice cream for our special occasion, a variety of coconut and spiced chocolate orange. Delicious!I highly recommend Zinc for your next fine dining experience. They will take care of you there and make sure you leave with a happy stomach and smile!
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,11/19/2012,30,60,4,8,3>Finally, a real BBQ place in Edmonton! Smokehouse BBQ has only been open for a little while, but it is a great addition to 124 Street.This is definitely no place for vegetarians. Even the corn bread muffins have bacon in them (but they are delicious! And inexpensive; only $0.50 a piece). But if you love meat, especially southern-style BBQ, this is the place for you.They have a variety of sandwiches, like pulled pork, smoked brisket, and the "Burnt Endz" which is BBQ beef with caramelized onions and coleslaw. They've also got all of the usual BBQ foods: pulled pork, smoked brisket, St. Louis ribs, and 1/4 smoked chicken. I haven't yet tried all of the meat on the menu, but I've had a fair sampling and it is all delicious.The sides are decent, but not great. The focus here is definitely on the meat. That's to be expected in a BBQ place, of course, and the sides are still a good compliment to the main course. They could be improved a bit, though.The various starters are also good. My wife and I shared the jalapeno poppers and nearly got divorced trying to decide who would get the last one! (OK, not really, but I wish the order came with 6 instead of 5 because they were so good!) Rather than the usual breaded and fried poppers, these were jalapenos filled with cheese and then wrapped in bacon. I highly recommend them.What puts Smokehouse BBQ over the top for me, and gets them an extra star, is the beer menu. They've only got 4 taps, but all of them are devoted to local beer (three of Alley Kat's regular lineup -- Amber, Charlie Flint, and Full Moon -- and one devoted to a seasonal brew). The bottle selection includes the same options plus Aprikat and a number of mainstream beers like MGD and Coors.The atmosphere is casual -- similar to what you might get at a BBQ roadhouse in the South -- with football on the TV and great blues music in the background. The service was friendly and efficient -- I hope that the current staff sticks around for a long time, because they're some of the friendliest servers I have experienced in Edmonton.In short: Smokehouse BBQ is excellent. Great food, great service, and a relaxed atmosphere with a good beer menu. I'll definitely be back regularly.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2012,11/18/2012,35,101,3,6,8>I love the concept of this place - culinary and hospitality students get some practical experience with the skills that they're learning.The decor left a bit to be desired, as we appeared to be sitting in a generic banquet room, but the food more than made up for that.Seriously, that was one of the best meals I've had in my life.  Fan-friggin'-tastic.  Nothing else needs to be said.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,11/17/2012,32,58,,3,3>I discovered this bakery last week, and I've already been back. It's definitely hidden away, with the entrance just off Gateway Blvd before you hit 63 Ave. Turn right at the lights before 63 Ave, then left in the parking lot and drive around to the white building in the back (see, it's hidden!).Every bakery has a specialty, so the first time I visited I asked what theirs was; rye breads, sourdough breads, and pretzels. There weren't any pretzels when I went; they usually sell out before noon (and they bake a ton of them, apparently), but the girl said their jalapeno cheese sourdough was good. I'm a HUGE fan of jalapeno-anything, so I bought that and came home. It was a large loaf; it lasted an hour. It was absolutely delicious! So good, that I braved the snowy roads and went back for another loaf later in the week. I hit the jackpot because they had so few customers that there were tons of pretzels left at 3pm. I tried a regular pretzel and some of the buns, and they were both awesome. They were perfectly baked (browned outside, chewy inside), with just the right amount of salt on it; not to much, but enough that you got some with every bite. Of course I picked up another jalapeno cheese loaf as well.They also have lots of different sweets for sale, but I'm trying (and succeeding at) cutting down the amount of sugar I consume, so I didn't buy any. It sure was tempting though!It may be a bit hard to find, but trust me, it's worth it. I found all their prices to be extremely reasonable (the 9-10" loaf was $4.25, the pretzels were 80c, and the pretzel buns were about 60c). Definitely go check it out, and arrive early if you want the pretzels.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2012,11/16/2012,16,119,2,4,4>We were looking for a new pho restaurant to try, but we stumbled into Korean. It was a delightful mistake. At the time, the "Basil House" sign hadn't been removed, so that we were not eating pho that particular evening didn't click until we walked in the door.Upon being seated, we quickly agreed we should stay. We were immediately served a very delicious corn tea as we looked over the extensive menu. I settled on the kimchi fried rice, while my husband ordered a chicken dish at the suggestion of our server. The food was great and awesomely spicy, and our server was attentive and patient. The portions were quite large, too. We'll definitely be back!
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,11/15/2012,24,223,3,13,5>Crowley's is an amazing store. They have many top notch designer engagement rings like Tacori and Simon G that will make your fingers sing, adn teh staff are great. They really know their stuff. The best part is that they are helpful without being pushy. If you say you're just having a browse, they will leave you alone until you need further assistance.My ex got my original engagement ring (a Tacori) from them and the process was fantastic. I've been back numerous times on my own for various reasons, and the service has stayed top notch. The store is always sparkling and well organized, and if they had had what I was looking for on my current ring hunt, I would not have hesitated to purchase from them again. A+!
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,11/14/2012,11,22,4,7,3>I stopped by the wee caboose located on Rice Howard Way on my way back to work from shopping.  The guy behind the counter was a bit shy but very sweet, and engaged me in polite chitchat while he made my waffle - vanilla waffle (only kind available) for $4, topped with caramel sauce and fresh strawberries ($0.50/each).  OH MY GOD.I've never been a waffle person.  They're always so blah and soggy and never taste like anything.  These waffles are freaking amazing!!  The waffle itself actually TASTED like something, and I wasn't relying on the toppings to provide flavour.  The crunch of the sugar that's baked in (or on? I don't even know) was so delicious and made it even more addictive.  I think I finished it in about 4 minutes.I will definitely be stopping by again (and again and again and again and again)
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,11/13/2012,30,115,4,5,5>Neat little store that is packed with all kinds of awesome stuff. I like this store more than Earth's General Store, because it is environmentally friendly while being super chic. I especially love the soap nuts that they sell- well priced and they work, and last forever. I definetly go back and check out more stuff.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,11/12/2012,16,38,,3,3>Roast is a fantastic alternative to the chain coffee shops that dominate the downtown core. I went just after the coffeehouse had opened, so their espresso bar had yet to open, (it is functional now,) so I treated myself to one of the many fresh smoothie options on the menu. And how fresh! You don't get the feeling that you're drinking some powered icy-milk solution from a chain-shop here -- they use real fruit (albeit possibly canned? It didn't matter to me... it was tasty!)!  The baked goods are just as delicious; on-par for price as Starbucks or Second Cup, but bigger and fresh-tasting. Plus, the the location is huge! It looks fantastic, and I hope to have small work meetings here in the future!
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/21/2012,11/11/2012,155,209,,32,2>I tried lash extensions through Lash Affair in October/November of last year for my engagement party.  I was very satisfied with the initial application of my lashes.  I wore them through a trip to Mexico and it was nice to get up in the morning and not have to do much beyond a bit of concealer for those late night dark circles.  I went back for a fill in November and had some issues with clumping.  I went in again to have the lashes taken off.  The removal procedure was quite uncomfortable and harsh on my skin and I was left with some damage to my natural lashes.  It took a while for the business to acknowledge this problem which unfortunately soured my experience with them.  Thankfully, the owner has offered me a refund and an apology .  Six months later and a couple bottles of Latisse and my lashes are back to where they were before.  Lash extensions are a big decision as they are something you have to think about in your everyday activities.  The owner will readily tell you that you have to sleep differently, avoid touching your eyes, and spend time on extra care as well as buy specific products if you want your lashes to last.  There have also been some studies linked to follicle damage with long term use.  Please do your research before committing to this as it is just that:  a commitment.  They require fills at least once a month so this a financial commitment as well.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,11/10/2012,14,55,4,7,4>I hate going to the dentist. That being said, I had a problem with one of my teeth so I decided to make an appointment at Alpha Dental Choice, located just off of White Ave on the 3rd level of the Strathcona Health Centre. I didn't know what to expect since it has been ages since I last visited one but I have to say that I had a very pleasant experience with them. Dr. Jacobs was very professional through the whole procedure, telling me what she was going to do and making me feel as comfortable as possible.Their office is small but has modern and comfortable feel. They have a rack full of magazines to read when you're waiting and a little aquarium too if you like watching fishes swim about.The receptionist was friendly and helpful on scheduling my appointments and even sent off my dental claim forms to the insurance company without any hassle!I'll definitely go back once I'm due for a next cleaning.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,11/9/2012,40,61,3,8,5>Shogun was a top notch experience in all but price.  I'd recommend it to anyone who likes sushi, but if you're looking for sheer volume (ie. all you can eat sushi for 15 people), then somewhere like Mikado will be much more cost-effective for you!Brittany is completely right about how hidden this place is.  We walked right past it twice, while using the Yelp map, no less, before finding the place.  And she is equally right about this place being both weird and awesome.  The long hallway gives a very authentic (and admittedly both beautiful and slightly weird) vibe, and really helps you forget there's a city just outside.As our waitress led us to our table, we passed several display cases.  I would have loved more time to check out the rest of the exhibits, but we were a bit short on time.All our help spoke solid English, which was a welcome surprise, and went to the trouble to check with the chefs in the restaurant about the ingredients in the sauces because of my allergies.All the food we had was fan-freaking-tastic, and very well presented.  I've seen sushi on a (small) boat before, but this was my first time eating it that way.  We wrapped things up with Green Tea ice cream, which, was honestly quite nice.I'll definitely be going back here!  It's a good point in any menu's favor when you want to try everything.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2011,11/8/2012,21,7,4,6,4>My first impression of Character's was, "Holy crap, this is fancy. Am I even going to like this food?"For my birthday, my boyfriend treated me to a night of fine dining in Edmonton. This swanky little place is a great combination of cozy, classy and modern.The menu at first glance is overwhelming. There was alot of foods I definitely don't eat often and to be honest, it had me a little concerned.But then the appetizers came - bacon wrapped scallops. And it was the tastiest appetizer I have ever had.By the time the main course arrived, I was warming up to the lofty-feel atmosphere where the kitchen is visible from almost all angles of the restaurant. The main course was delicious. I branched out and had sea bass with black rice and pesto and I was more than impressed.The service was 10/10, and for dessert: smores for two with your own mini-campfire to roast marshmallows. Awesome? I think so.For the entire experience, the prices were reasonable.I would go back in a heartbeat.Two thumbs up.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2012,11/7/2012,9,21,4,6,3>It's always a promising sign when you're entering a restaurant for the first time as the people exiting are compelled to give you rave reviews about the place. That was the case with my first visit to Phonecia this past weekend. Both the food and the experience lived up to the praise. Our group of approximately 20 people ordered a pre determined set menu and ate several different appetizers and a couple of choices for the main course.  Everything was delicious! The service was good but the server could of spent a little more time ensure that our wine/water/drinks were kept topped up. Phonecia should be a regular destination for people who enjoy authentic Lebanese food!Definitely a 4-star restaurant!
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,11/6/2012,45,8,6,7,6>Well, I want to start off with a very bold statement. This is by far the best place I've been to here in Edmonton, bold, right? I've lived in Edmonton for two years now and honestly have never really been impressed with the eating scene.  Coming into Nello's, I was greeted at the door and felt comfortable right away. The atmosphere is very relaxing and classy. I was able to establish great conversation with my server, and that's a huge turning point for me. It's hard to find great service, but with Nello's, my server was a great sales person who was very knowledgeable and took pride in it. That's hard to find. I was excited reading the menu and felt like a kid in a candy store again. The menu is 5 starts easy.  My meal was great, service was amazing and I'm already wanting to go back with friends. This is why I love food, and could tell the love put into the product they provide. I highly suggest Nello's, you won't be let down. Keep up the great work and wish the best of success!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,11/5/2012,65,170,2,5,4>Guru was our destination for our anniversary dinner.  We had Indian food at our rehearsal dinner four years ago, so it seemed fitting.  Guru is a high-end Indian restaurant serving gourmet Indian cuisine.  We found the whole Guru experience to be outstanding, from the exception service to the delicious food.And let's talk about the food.  We started with cocktails from the bar (my partner's London Lemonade was delicious, as was my Guru the Advocate) and the Cauliflower 65, which is an appetizer like a cauliflower pakora cooked in a sweet chili sauce.  Amazing.  In my opinion, this appetizer was the highlight of the meal.  For entrees, we had the paneer butter masala, paneer in a rich butter cream sauce, and dal makhani, a delectable dish of black lentils and kidney beans.  The daal was quite nice, and we'd likely order it again.  And the paneer was also tasty, though I would be interested in seeing if another of the paneer dishes would be more to my liking.  We had both dishes with fluffy basmati rice and fabulous garlic naan.  We also had lassis with dinner, sweet for me and mango for my sweet.  Finally, we concluded the evening with a pot of spicy masala chai, steeped to perfection, and the dessert trio, which consisted of a blueberry cheesecake (alright), chocolate coconut naan (amazing, but so very rich), and a rice patty in rosewater flavoured milk (delicious, but also quite rich).Overall, it was a wonderful meal.  The chef came to check on us personally and to inquire how we were finding the meal.  Guru is pricier than your average Indian restaurant, and even most of those above average ones.  So it's not a place we're likely to frequent every week.  Still, for a special meal for a special occasion, Guru was absolutely perfect.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,11/4/2012,26,71,,2,2>I have been back a few times- always amazing, the roast duck was particularly good, and I still have yet to try the pan-fried buns which they only do on holidays and sundays...
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,11/3/2012,49,120,,4,3>Allan G and I have now been here twice, and both times were outstanding. The first time, we were expanding our brunch repertoire, and managed to get in here during a long weekend when it was easier to make a reservation. Al had the Benny breakfast, and was highly impressed. I had the Maple Sage sausage and Panko Crusted Brie with Romesco Sauce. We split some cornbread with Saskatoon Berry Butter. It was absolutely delicious. The second time, we brought friends here who were up from Calgary. This time, Al had the Pierogy breakfast, and I had the Carrot Cake French Toast. Amazing. Our friends (who are kinda snobby about Calgary, and were prepared to be unimpressed with the restaurants in Edmonton) were blown away at the food, and loved the space. So SCORE! Thanks Culina. We'll keep coming back.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,11/2/2012,292,404,3,8,3>Fresh pitas - baked in front of your eyes in a humungous hearth oven.  The moisture in the dough becomes steam in the oven, making the pita bread swell in excitement and joy. Come here for a sit-in meal or a take out wrap. The sit in certainly better because you can order a platter of either meats or falafel balls.  The platter comes with hot and fresh pitas that when you poke with your finger has all this hot steam coming out of it. It IS THAT FRESH.  Also accompanying the platter is a side of hummus or tzatziki and a house salad.  The falafel was delicious and the house salad, albeit salty on its own was perfect when you prepared it into a wrap with all the stuff provided.  Note that pita bread is saltless, at least the idiosyncratic version of it at Al Salaam which certainly has a more Arabic and/or Lebanese influence.  Check out the grocery section: they have fresh halloumi cheese because God knows how often we need that! :P haha, but delicious fresh Lebanese cheese for sale, fresh pitas, Za'tar flavored pita crisps (just $2 and perfect to take home for your drinks night with buddies), pickled turnips and what not.  It's eastern, very ethnic in style.I've been to Al Salaam three times and my opinion of this place hasn't flickered one bit. At $7.49, their take out falafel wrap, which seems to be Edmonton police officers' popular choice, is a lovely filling meal.  Not much in terms of ambience.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,11/1/2012,94,253,2,5,4>All I can say is come hungry or don't come at all!They are not fooling around at Sloppy Hoggs. We went to check it out the other night and were greeted by Bjorn, the owner, and some seriously awesome decor. They have a western theme, complete with saddles and whatnot, but the theme doesn't ram itself down your throat (like Montana's, for example) and really makes a neat atmosphere. The menu is a feat to behold; everything is huge! We started with Snakebites, which were cornmeal-breaded catfish bites. They were awesome. Flaky and moist like fish should be.Next up - the Roed Hus Road Kill and a full rack of ribs. The "Road Kill" had just about everything on it. A giant sandwich with every kind of smoked meat imaginable! It was a riot of flavours and there's at least another two meals' worth of food left. The ribs were the best I've ever had. Smoky and satisfying. Both dishes came with cornbread, fries and beans. Delish as well but I was so full I could barely touch them.Loved Sloppy Hoggs....just make sure you are really hungry when you come or the portions will defeat you!
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,10/31/2012,49,25,7,10,6>I am a picky massage therapy client - mainly because I've never really thought of it as a therapeutic treatment. However, I have seen an amazing improvement since I started going to Alberta Momentum Massage Therapy a few weeks ago. I like the fact I can schedule my appointment online, 7 days a week and in the evenings. A massage on a Sunday afternoon is the perfect way to end a weekend and get yourself ready for the week ahead.I also like the fact that my chart is so in depth that I can see multiple practitioners and they just pick up where the other left off smoothly and with very little transition time. They take the time to make sure they know where you are at physically and mentally before beginning your session.The cost is perfect, the hours are versatile and I am not sure why you would even consider another place to get your massages. There is parking in the back of the building, as well as some street parking if necessary.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,10/30/2012,32,92,3,4,6>Yikes! How is it that I was born and raised in Edmonton, and have never visited this Persian palace for the palate before?!?Ok, so they have only been in business for three years but it's still something not to be missed! We tried the soup (7 beans for 7 days + 5 herbs + 2 hours = a big warm hug of yummy) and mouseer dip (mild garlic ish) and eggplant spread, all for the starter, and then had their Queen kabobs (chicken and beef strip) and the lamb shank.... oh my was it all so good!  Ended w a saffron/pistachio ice cream and Persian Baklava.... heaven... No wonder the rest of the world wanted to conquer the Persian Empire... They wanted the recipes!!! :-). So will you after visiting this oasis!
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,10/29/2012,33,247,6,7,6>Habesha is one of the most authentic and delicious restaurants available in Edmonton.Ethiopian food is one cuisine that you rarely see in Canada. Eating at this restaurant was probably my first time eating it and it was delicious! I was amazed by the flavours in each of the dishes as well as the quality of coffee that I was served.It is worth noting that it is also a hookah bar, so if you do not like to be in that kind of an environment then you will not want to visit this place. They also do serve alcoholic beverages if you are interested in those as well.I had such a great experience at this place the first time I was there that I cannot wait to go back! A place I'm sure I'll be visiting much more in the future.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,10/28/2012,32,60,,4,4>Anything to do with computers, this is the place to go. Reason being, its very cheap cause you can price match with any competitor even online stores. It's what i do all the time, price matching whats in store to ncix.com and i save a lot, plus they have IPR (instant product replacement) plans, which are pretty good, if you know when to get it depending on what you are buying. I remember buying a mouse about a year ago, and the IPR plan was $3 extra, in 2 weeks my mouse button caved in, brought it back and got a brand new one right away!!!
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,10/27/2012,14,139,,4,3>This is a great place to pick up an instrument or take lessons. They definitely seem focused on guitars, but I think that's sort of normal for stores like these. I've bought stuff here as well as taken guitar lessons. Overall, the staff are helpful and friendly, but the guitar instructors are hit and miss. I've had great and I've had bad (all of the above are super talented, but teaching requires that you're more than just being good at playing an instrument).
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,10/26/2012,31,151,2,2,2>Macaroons, where have you been all my life?! My first time at Duchess was delicious. It was really busy for a Wednesday at 1pm, but I got in line, determined to try these macaroons I'd heard so much about. They didn't have any unusual flavours (someone told me there is sometimes a lime-basil one?) so I settled on a vanilla, salted caramel, and milk chocolate one. At $1.50 each, they aren't cheap (and it isn't any cheaper to buy the nicely packaged 9 macaroons for $15.00) but I would say they are totally worth the splurge! Now, I don't know much about macaroons so I can't comment as to how authentic they are, but these ones were very, very tasty. The 'cookie' part has a perfectly nice chew (looking at them, I thought they would be crispy like meringues so this surprised me) and a sweet almond flavour. The vanilla one was my favourite - a delicate vanilla taste and the filling was cold and tasted like vanilla ice cream - and you can even see the flecks of vanilla bean in it! The caramel one was too sweet for my liking and the chocolate one was, well, chocolate-y. Which I'm sure chocolate lovers would like, but I am a vanilla girl :) My friend got a small Duchess cake to share ($8 I think). This was a small dome of light green marzipan, with whipped cream immediately under the marzipan, and a fluffy white cake in the middle, possibly lemon? Very tasty - a nice light dessert and definitely way too much for two people to share (probably perfect for 3-4 people). Keep in mind that I am not normally a dessert person though, so for those of you with a sweet tooth, you could probably polish it all off yourself :) The décor at Duchess is very cool, very old school glamourous tea party. The rest of their menu looked very appetizing as well - they had some creative paninis and a mushroom French onion soup that I would love to try. Lots of other yummy-looking pastries as well. I will definitely be coming back!
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,10/25/2012,45,119,,11,2>Carstar Express is different than the regular body shops because they specialize in small damage repair, rather than major collision repair, respraying entire cars, etc. I've had body shops fix minor damages before and they always charge a lot of money because they always have to repaint the entire panel that needs to be repaired. At Carstar, their prices are much cheaper because they can repair and repaint without having to repaint the entire panel. The paint on my rear hatch was damaged and peeling in one corner and they repaired it for me in a matter of hours. The finished product is flawless and you could never tell there was ever damage in the first place. The best part was I didn't have to pay huge money to have the entire panel repainted when it was just a little section that needed work.They also do windshield repair and replacement, so I'll be calling to get that done in the near future. They do touch up painting for rock chips, etc, as well as 3M protection.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,10/24/2012,25,52,3,7,5>I've been coming here for a few months now and I love it. They offer I good variety of classes and times. I think I've had almost every instructor and they have all been fantastic. Because it is hot yoga you literally sweat out everything and you feel so good at the end of class. I usually do the 60 minute class and I find the teachers go at a nice steady pace which is great for beginners or people who have been coming for years. If you are looking for a new workout this is just Amazing!
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/12/2012,10/23/2012,19,49,3,3,3>Sometimes, I stare at Japanese food and wish there was more which totally explains my waistline. This place brought more of the same.I've been here quite a few times just for the beef tataki. It is one of the best I've ever had (Sliced NY strip steak seared a bit over cabbage and a tangy ponzu sauce.) Worth the trip. Beef yakisoba has also become a staple, salty noodles with vegetables stirred fried together.The rolls are pretty unimpressive though. They are usually small and don't scream well-made. If you're hungry  and need another dish, they aren't bad.Overall, it's a good place with friendly staff. I don't think i've ever had 6 people say goodbye while walking out the door before Kobe Bistro.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,10/22/2012,4,29,,3,3>I was looking for a bird feeder and was recommended this place by a friend. Backc in my mind I was also looking for a bird house. About 17km from West end of the city, I was able to visit them during a weekday afternoon. I have to say, I was overwhelmed by the selection of bird houses and feeders. You can expect to see some very crafty and beautiful bird houses, feeders to very basic ones. For a beginners like me, I would have appreciated if they had from the low-end to upward in price range. Also if they could show from basic to high-end. Other than that I was helped by a friendly lady at the store and she walked me through their collection. I came home with a bird feeder and a bag of bird food.Went to Canadiantire and got my self a wall clamp to hang my birdfeeder. Voila - I am in bird feeding, bird watching business. This store has good material for beginner to avid bird watchers. They carry bird baths, food, houses and other bird watching related gadget. Attached to this store is an art and old book store. I had an opportunity to go around and they had some stunning wildlife (birds predominantly) framed photo collection displayed and for sale. Definitely a good place if you want to get just a bird feeder or a bird house and don't know where to start.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/19/2012,10/21/2012,41,524,1,5,4>AYCE sushi and grill is great to enjoy sushi, sashimi, and hot food as well.  The ordering is quite easy, mark on a sheet how many of each item you would like and there's a menu with photos of each dish.  Since we had never been before and didn't know the portion size of each dish, we decide to be cautious and just order one or two instead of having too much food to start.  I started with some of the hot food; noodles, teriyaki chicken, dumplings, and tempura.  The noodles were my least favourite so we tried the rice but it wasn't very good.  The tempura had a light batter and was delicious.  Next I tried the sashimi, sushi and cone.  The sashimi was fresh and yummy but I wasn't a fan of my cone.  Since there were 10 of us, we were able to share and try more of the hot food including the fish and tofu where were good.I'm not sure why I didn't enjoy this experience more than I did.  I like the concept but maybe the combination of sushi and sashimi and the hot food didn't quite work for me.  Nothing was exceptional and I have had better food elsewhere.  The decor is nice,, there was a tv to catch the latest Olympic action, and the washrooms clean.  Service was friendly and quick.Likely I will stay away from AYCE and stick with ordering off the menu next time.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,10/20/2012,49,256,3,5,3>I've been to Mikado a couple times in the recent past and I've really enjoyed it. In general, I found the service to be good. The staff were all very friendly (even the chefs working behind the counter talked to us and thanked us for coming in). The wait for seating / drinks / food was never long, and the waitresses answered all of our questions.Everyone in the parties I was with enjoyed their food. I personally tried the BC roll, dragon eyes, and mochi ice cream (black sesame flavored). I didn't know that I could get black sesame ice cream here (or anywhere in the city... mind you, I didn't look that hard) so I was delightfully surprised! The BC roll had a massive chunk of cucumber in it, and I wish that was chopped into finer pieces. I ended up taking the cucumber out before I ate it because I didn't like the texture it gave the roll. Without it, though, the roll tasted fine. The dragon eyes dish has quickly become a favorite of mine. The salmon, mmm, and mayo dipping sauce!? YES! It's so good. I could eat that stuff every day.It's tasty, it's close to home, and it's affordable. How can you go wrong!?
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,10/17/2012,136,590,3,3,3>I like the pint, it's a really great place to come with friends for beers after work. I sometimes find it a little too loud, and busy especially later on Friday nights, but over all it's a great little pub. The food is great and so is the beer. There service is a little slow, but that is probably because I always end up there on the busiest nights! I keep coming back to the pint, so they must be doing something right!
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,10/16/2012,77,39,4,6,6>I've been here many times, and although smiles could be flashed more frequently it does not affect the consistent quality of the food regardless of what category from the menu it is from.  Indulging in veal tortellini with cream sauce today for lunch was a choice I'm very happy with. I added a dash of salt and pepper, both of which can be found on the table (not always so these days).Coffee was served freshly brewed (impressed!) Water was brought to the table pre-ordering in a prompt fashion. We were seated by the windows (many windows allow for excellent street watching on the bustling 100 Ave)Loved it all and recommend this as a great lunch place!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2012,10/15/2012,164,49,,9,2>I've been meaning to update my review for a while. I finished my 3 months of KPC Krav Maga and it was fun, a great workout, and really useful. It's a very functional, practical course that really helps instill the fundamentals of self-defense and conflict evasion.I can't speak to the other classes he offers, but from doing a workshop, a course, and a private lesson, I have faith in whatever Randy is offering.I really enjoyed KPC as an organization and found Randy to be a top-notch instructor. The first word that comes to mind is pro. He's just a pro. That's it. He lives this stuff and is constantly training and looking for more innovative ways to teach his students. He has designed a very accessible curriculum and is very dedicated to ensuring that his students really absorb the lessons-- hopefully they won't need them!I wanted a functional fitness and self-defense class without the frills and gimics and traditions of many of the mainstream martial arts. I wanted somewhere where I could walk in at any fitness level and in street clothes and just start training. I wanted a place where I didn't do 55minutes of push-ups for 5 minutes of learning. I wanted to feel after each class sharper, fitter, and more confident in conflict situations than I did before hand.KPC offered all of this and more. When my schedule allows, I'll definitely be back for more training.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,10/14/2012,21,31,2,4,2>Ah, English pub food. Greasy, heavy, slathered in gravy and delicious.When I'm in the mood for a good shepherd's pie, or a Yorkshire pudding, this is among the first places to come to mind.Sherlock Holmes is a quaint English-style pub in the bustling heart of downtown. It can be a bit cramped when it's busy (lunch especially), but has a huge open patio during the summer. The staff has always been friendly to me, and service has always been prompt. Indeed, they're exceptionally good at handling the lunch rush, and I've never been left waiting no matter how busy I've seen it.The decor is kitschy, but appropriate, and the whole place has a great ambiance.Food-wise, for the price, it's about what you'd expect - but the portions are fairly generous, so you will definitely not go hungry. And always remember to ask what the special is - they often have something amazing, but you usually have to prompt them to let you know about it.Oh, and the bread pudding is also pretty amazing.When I'm downtown for lunch (uncommon, but it happens) Sherlock Holmes Pub is my go-to place. I can honestly say I've never been disappointed.Full disclosure... this place holds a particularly fond place in my heart - not just because of the food - but because my Dad and I would come here when I visited him at work.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2012,10/13/2012,14,108,,6,2>I needed a place to store my Mustang for the winter. Some co-workers of mine had used Lonely Cars before and were full of raves so I emailed them for an estimate. At first they weren't sure if they would have a spot for me because it was late in the season (end of October). I'm a procrastinator and I wouldn't have been true to myself if I had planned ahead. They called me a week later to let me know that they had a vacancy.They came to my house to pick up the car and loaded it on to their flatbed and trucked it away. While your car is in storage they offer other services such as tire rotations, oil changes, battery service, and weekly/monthly starts. I didn't take them up on those services because I just wanted a place to store the vehicle. Their storage facility is heated, alarmed, and insured. They don't charge a pick-up/drop-off fee if you're storing your vehicle for six months or more. Otherwise they charge $98 for pick-up and another $98 for drop-off. I would have driven the vehicle right to them but, like I said, I'm a procrastinator and the snow was already on the ground. A Mustang is nothing but a Krazy Karpet in the snow so...Fast forward to mid April: I email and say I'm ready for my Mustang again, could they deliver it to me? (They ask for 72 hours notice prior to your requested delivery time. No problem.) They haul the car back here on the back of their flatbed truck, and lo and behold, they had washed the car for me and wiped down the interior. That was an unexpected bonus.Their communication over the phone and via email are excellent and they are very personable. Highly recommended for all of your vehicle storage needs.They offer a 10% discount to military members. Just so all you guys know ;
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,10/12/2012,30,54,4,9,7>Nothing like a double Gogo Lounge week to remind me why I love this city. Like taking a break from Shostakovich to put House of Pain on repeat, this is such a nifty bar I partied here twice in as many days.I hesitate using the term retro to describe Gogo. There's nothing here pastward looking. As Amy B's previous excellent review described, there are stools with shapely women legs, cocktail menus on vinyl, and cherry lamps. She needn't have stopped there though (but one must stop somewhere)...AstroTurf washrooms, a real working photo booth. Martinis with names like Dirty Harry and Mr. Freeze. Hints of tackiness have been reinvented and twisted together creating a remixed atmosphere that really only could have come out of a city like Montreal.The space is fairly small and when people fill it up on the weekend, the music pumps and people dance anywhere. Everywhere. The small space, heavy red drapes, and many shades of red lighting make Gogo intimate: dancing beside the table you could have been sitting at feels natural.My one complaint are the $12 martinis--the martinis you order from the vinyl record menu. Although full of fun, tasty, and sugary goodness, they aren't cheap. I can get a very good glass of wine or scotch elsewhere for the price of a "Yellow Submarine". Granted, the marinis are 2.5oz (I think) and no wine will be as fun as what's on Gogo's menu. And although I have a hard time justifying buying many drinks here, I do anyways. When one gets to having fun....One side-effect of Gogo being on the pricey side is the more mature crowed this attracts. A quality that can also be seen in the servers and bartenders. They're all very intelligent, pleasant, and fun. A combination that is not exuded in every bar in Edmonton.So, I'll see you there? C'est ben bon la.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,10/11/2012,56,221,2,3,2>One of a few healthy options to eat out. If you go at lunch though expect to wait a little as at times, the line up is to the door. I have come once for dinner and service was super fast. I enjoy the menu as its not peppered with everything, the options are a few but delicious. Like Ramsay always says keep it simple and short. The prices are what you expect for healthy food a lil more pricey. I wish there were more locations of this place because going to the Park or downtown is a little out of the way. Ive tried everything and have nothing but good things to say.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,10/10/2012,44,93,3,4,3>Nice store, gorgeous stuff and you need to look every which way because the product is stuffed to the ceiling.Sort of difficult to move around this store due it being crammed full.  Chintz has the most beautiful textiles and I love their designer guild products, especially the Christian LaCroix pillows.  Chintz carries one of the most luxuriant and absorbent towel brands called Abyss.Their website is better to get a good overall view of exactly what this store offers but  I am unclear as to whether you can actually order something online.These folks work on commission, some are really good such as Barb but others are not so good and don't give clear and informative information.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,10/9/2012,67,269,,4,3>I wasn't really sure what to expect for dinner at Absolutely Edibles. I'm not really wild about the name, and their website and storefront didn't really sell me. But, my friend and I went here for dinner tonight and I'm really glad we did.Once I got through the front door, my perception changed dramatically. The decor is funky and modern, with big leather chairs and cool stonework tables. Their menu is huge, with a range of small dishes that you could make a meal of, plus a variety of entrees, including a vegan-friendly section.Our food was amazing. I had the crab cakes, which came on a bed of mashed potatoes, just the way I like them, and finished off with the lemon mousse cake that I still don't know how I found room for.They have a bunch of really cool sounding sauces and dips (made in house) for sale in the entrance... beet ginger dip and thai raspberry jam caught my eye.They also have a decent sized cocktail menu, and, to the delight of my pregnant friend, a fair number of virgin cocktails too. Combined with their shady patio, I'd be back on a hot hot summer day.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,10/8/2012,14,141,3,5,4>I come here almost every month for the cask event which is now so popular that coming an hour early doesn't even guarantee you a seat. Just last fall, you could come right at the start of the event and still find empty tables. This must be great news for The Next Act and for beer lovers. More casks, please.For Edmonton, their beer menu is decent although unexciting. I wouldn't come here to discover something new, but would stop by for a pint or two if I were in the area and thirsty. They are trying, but it seems that they rotate their bottle menu, not their taps. I think they have one guest tap which rotates, the rest stay the same. When I come to a pub, I want to try new things on tap...I can buy my own bottles.I have made a point to come here for their food. As pub food goes, it's great. Not the best meal you've ever had, but worth every bit what you're paying for it. I've had a few of their burgers, the mac and cheese, and the Cajun chicken sandwich and all were good. I didn't particularly like the house soup (spicy roasted vegetable and white bean) as it was too salty. Also, don't be afraid to replace your fries with a side salad...I've found the side salad's here to be fresh and inventive.Service is usually good, just not on cask nights. Maybe they need to bring in more servers on those nights, because 2-3 aren't enough when you have 70 people arrive all within an hour, have drinks, and then want a cask pint right at 6:00 as well.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2012,10/7/2012,31,99,,5,4>I was lucky enough to be invited to Highlands Kitchen for weekend brunch with the in-laws. I have to say, this was one of the BEST brunches I have ever had, foodwise. The meal was absolutely amazing - a fairly large menu was offered and each dish that we were brought was plated beautifully and cooked with care.I had the quiche of the day, which happened to be a sundried tomato with goat cheese, and it blew my mind. Flaky and flavorful and filling, but not heavy. I added on a buttermilk biscuit with strawberry preserves for an extra $3 and it was well worth it - just like the kind of homemade biscuit you'd get at your grandmother's. My inlaws had the eggs benedict - which was served on a crepe, which they thought was unusual, but they seemed to enjoy it. The quality of the meat really impressed them - they had the smoked back bacon and apparently it was out of this world. My s/o indulged in the breakfast poutine - which was kind of like a breakfast skillet of sorts. It was quite heavy and large and he couldn't even finish it, which is saying something!! But still, it was obvious that a lot of thought went into the dish and the flavors were melded nicely.Service was so-so that morning - we were hard pressed to get our water glasses and our coffee cups filled up regularly. We finished our waters before our meals even came, but were not offered a refill until the cheque came. The coffee was pretty good and fairly hot, but I was disappointed they didn't offer another sweetener (like Splenda) in addition to the sugarbowl. The restaurant was fairly busy but not packed, which was nice - however another table was seated directly next to us and they were (unfortunately) very loud. Not that this is a fault of the restuarant's - just a bad layout and perhaps some bad acoustics.The restaurant is very beautiful, sort of like someone's home - eclectic, classic and clean. It is a smaller place, so smaller parties are probably easier to accommodate.I can't speak on behalf of the dinner menu, but I can say that I definitely would revisit just for brunch again. It was just really, really good food.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,10/6/2012,158,543,4,6,3>Popped into Battista's for the first time the other day and was totally blown away!First of all, I phoned to check if they were still open and they were just about to close but said we were more than welcome to stop by as they hadn't shut everything down yet.Upon arriving, we were pleasantly surprised to find such a welcome and open atmosphere!  The shop was converted from a garage and has huge glass windows and a side door that can roll up!  Brightly coloured picnic tables are out front and there is even a parking lot attached to the building (which I do appreciate when coming with my children).Battista was super friendly and Liv was quick to suggest we try the Spicy Italian and the Momma Mia (Meatball) calzones.  Boy oh boy - they were delish!  The best calzones I have ever had and I quite liked the side of marinara to dip in!  Battista also served up a sample of his nutella & strawberry calzone - Yummy!The patrons that kept sneaking in after us were regulars who Battista knew by name.  The restaurant was clean (bathrooms, too!) and he didn't even blink an eye when my baby puked on his floor!  Yep, that's right - I said it :-(  My little guy puked on his floor and we weren't made to feel uncomfortable in the slightest!  I can't wait to return to Battista's for my next diet cheat day!  If you haven't been - go check them out!  They are closed Sundays and Monday and are open for Lunch Tues - Saturday from approximately 11-3pm.  All calzones were under $10 and beverages were $1 for a standard can of pop or $2 for a fancy can of pop - we had orange pellegrino I think :-)  Gotta love a place that knows exactly what to do - make only a few items but make them the best!  And make everything from scratch daily - Battista has a winning combination!Check out my pics!
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2012,10/5/2012,49,125,2,13,9>How has no one reviewed this place yet ! ALL YOU CAN EAT KOREAN BBQ !!! For the low low price of $25 per person, you cook your own meat on your grill and eat to your hearts content. Not a huge selection, but more then enough to get the ball rolling. The beef ribs and spicy chicken were definitely my favorite. They have lettuce leaves and rice so you can have DIY lettuce wraps ! Along with the raw bar they have vegetable tempura, kim chi, ginger beef and spring rolls to snack on while you wait. And after your bellies are full you can munch on some fried cinnamon dough and dip it into your coconut or green tea ice cream ! Did I mention if you go on your birthday with at least 10 people you get yours for free? Now you have no reason to at least try it once !
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,10/4/2012,69,90,4,5,6>I was there with my wife for our second anniversary. As usual the chef surprised us with some new tastes. The squid ink spaghetti was amazing. The chocolate Torta is still my all time favorite here :D. BTW, it was impressive to see chef himself working on a Sunday night.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,10/3/2012,36,173,,3,4>I have tried this place out a couple times and I am definitely a fan!  This past Sunday, after driving around for some time trying to find a breakfast-y type place to eat that didn't have a line up out the door and around the corner, we started to get a little discouraged and were about to give up when we decided to drive past Artisan just to see how it looked.  Expecting a line out the door, we were more than pleased to find that although it did look rather bompin in there, there was NO LINE!! WOOHOOOO!!  We quickly found parking on Whyte just down the street and made our way over.  Although there were numerous empty tables we did end up having to wait for about 10 mins but hey, that's reasonable!The menu is HUGE - such a wide selection it's slightly overwhelming to try and pick just one dish because it all sounds amazing.  I decided on the fresh fruit breakfast with fruit, toast, and cottage cheese (love any place that offers cottage cheese - my fav breakfast side!!) and then a side of bacon (you know - I HAD to balance out all that healthiness, right?!?!) accompanied by a delicious mochachino!  Everything was really good and reasonably priced considering me and my friend both decided to pig right out (he had one full size 'big boy' meal and one small meal off the kids menu just to add a few extra breakfast favs to his meal).  Our server was awesome and although there were a few hiccups with the service, he was very friendly, attentive and apologetic.  With so many wonderfully enticing dishes on this menu I will definitely be back!
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2012,10/2/2012,50,288,1,12,2>I'm not a vegetarian, but I always feel bad for vegetarians and vegans who get stuck going to a restaurant where the only food option for them is a salad, or some bland pasta and tomato sauce. So I'm quite happy to see that there's another vegetarian restaurant in town (with several vegan options).   The Clever Rabbit is on 124 Street right next to Duchess. If remember correctly there were about 8 tables, four seats each table. So it's not a huge restaurant, but it seems quite open. It's nicely decorated and very bright inside. At the counter there are several desserts that you can pick up to go. I decided to stay in and have lunch. The menu is small, but I overheard the waiter tell another table that aside from the tofu they make all the food in the restaurant. There are a few breakfast options. The lunch menu is $12 for an an entrée, which also comes with a side. So I ordered the  donair and the soup, which that day was potato cauliflower. I also got one of the organic juices (raspberry lemonade). The juice was good, but it was carbonated and I've been cutting out carbonated drinks from my diet (aside from the occasional craft beer), so I was surprised at how full this juice made me feel. It was good, and definitely healthier than your standard pop, but I think next time I would just order water or tea. The soup was served in the really cute ceramic dish which had a little rabbit for the handle on the lid. I thought it was really clever (get it, because it's The Clever Rabbit?). Anyway the soup was pretty good, warm, lots of potatoes and a few cauliflowers. I think it was vegan, although I didn't ask. The donair was vegan and had seitan, vegan cheese, tomatoes, onions and lettuce plus donair sauce. The seitan was good, and had a really nice flavour to it. The donair wasn't too saucy, but there was still a lot of flavour. And unlike many donairs I didn't feel completely overwhelmed by the onions. The only thing I can say was the donair was folded in half like a taco, rather than rolled up like a donair usually is, so it was a bit messy. The flatbread for the donair was delicious, nice and soft. I was full after I finished eating, but I picked up a dessert to have later, the chocolate cookie sandwich, and I did have it later and it was quite good. The food was delicious and filling, the service was quick and friendly, and the price was reasonable (around $18  before tip). If you're looking for a good local restaurant to eat at The Clever Rabbit is a nice choice. I'll certainly come back again.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2012,10/1/2012,142,215,1,4,3>The food at MRKT is to die for. Last time I was there I ordered the braised beef over mashed potatoes and polenta, and it nearly brought me to tears it was so delicious. In addition to an incredible menu, the decor and atmosphere of the place make for a cool urban vibe that the rest of Jasper Avenue should aspire to. They have a great drink menu with lots of different wines and some very delicious cocktails. I really love this place though occasionally I've missed an opportunity to enjoy because their hours are pretty specific. I take care to plan for evenings and make reservations just to make sure I get a spot!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,9/30/2012,95,32,2,9,5>I am in love! For the past year I have been on a very new health conscious journey. Being a vegetarian for almost 20 years was not good enough. It's true what they say about hitting a certain age (a lady never tells), and having to reevaluate your lifestyle. I thought mine was already pretty darn healthy!My journey began with coming back home after being away for almost 2 years from living in Paris and Egypt. Although the food was a trip in itself, it certainly was a roller coaster ride for my body!One year journey with a naturopath, exploring superfoods like raw cacao and now hooked on juicing and raw food!That's when I fell in love with Noorish! Only four blocks away from me, this little slice of heaven has been my savior!What I love about Noorish is that it has evolved into a community! It is a sit down restaurant, with a lovely decor and amazing ambiance. When I visit it feels like I have been transported to some dimension where my way of eating and living is not new, freaky, or inconvenient. Instead it is embraced and celebrated! The food is to die for! It is either raw, gluten free, vegan, or all three! The service is fabulous. The wait time for food is perfect. The presentation screams love! The options are endless!I recommend everything! What I love is the dessert selection. The last visit, a friend of mine had the raw, gluten free, vegan, chocolate mint cheesecake! I have to say it was better than the real thing, in fact Noorish's version IS the real thing! It was creamy, light, and amazing. We were told that in that one slice of cake that there is 2 cups of fresh mint! Amazing! No artificial colouring or flavour!I also recommend that you MUST try an elixir when you visit! They are made with superfoods and are amazing. There is hot and cold options to choose from.I have also sworn off coffee. It's been over a year now. I am a lover of the darkest roast, neat. No milk, no sugar. It was a hard one for me but I found substitutions. I become a lover of tea and chai. It has brought me back to nut milks as well. At Noorish though I tired the dandelion latte. It was pretty awesome. It has a very earthy chicory taste. Although I enjoyed it, it did not really take the place of coffee for me and I think that's because I have kicked that habit!So...my recommendation is that you should consider Noorish for a place to grab and go, have a snack, lunch or dinner. They also serve organic wine as well. I would totally recommend this place for casual dinning but also for fine dinning and even date night for sure!If I have to say anything bad it would be the price. Expect to pay over $30 for one person if you decide on an entry, dessert, and a beverage other than water. It's worth it though. Considering the ingredients, love and time that goes into each creation, it is worth it!Noorish your body with some soul today!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/6/2012,9/29/2012,46,142,5,4,3>This is a very large store for downtown., with a wide selection of shoes designed to be kind to your feet AND let you look styl'n. The sales staff are helpful, but frequently appear run-off their feet to help multiple customers.  I found several options for funky summer sandals, and a few suitable for work.Sadly, mistakes happen too.  The shoes I wanted for work were not available in the store, but could be brought in from another location if I prepaid.  When they arrived, it was in the wrong size and were no longer available in my size.  The clerk noted that the shoes I had bought with the prepay were a different size than those ordered, and apologized profusely.She also let me know that there were a few other options of similar style, but didn't make any recommendations.  I didn't find anything that I wanted and received my refund for the order gone wrong.  Apparently refunds are also available if you prepay and don't like the shoes when they arrive.  An inconvenient prepay policy, with a reasonable assurance that you will eventually be satisfied or get your money back.  They keep a computer record of all purchases as well.I'll be back to satisfy my shoe addiction, but will look more closely at any future orders to avoid disappointment.  Then again, being disappointed meant I went to another shoe store, and got to see even more lovely shoes.Addict?  If the shoe fits.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2012,9/28/2012,89,141,,5,3>Apparently, it's "CHEE-bo" not "SEE-bo." I thought it was the latter for the longest time, but I'm no Italian expert, but now I know!I had a great time at Cibo on Saturday. A friend of mine who has great taste in restaurants recommended this little restaurant tucked away in Oliver Square. You do have to look for it a little because the entrance isn't facing the parking lot but the pathway between businesses. Which actually is a good thing because the view is much more attractive that way.The interior is really well decorated with floor to ceiling windows (wish they lowered the top screen a bit as sun was getting in our eyes), and the service was attentive and nice. We didn't have a reservation but arrived early enough to be accommodated. We ordered meatballs as an appetizer to start, then I had the evening special of squid ink pasta with fried breadcrumbs and calamari, and my husband had the beef cheek risotto.The highlights of the evening were definitely the meatballs -- large portions, could be a main in itself (for $15, this could be a low-carb dinner). Also, the beef cheek risotto was really tasty. The meat was fork-tender, and the sauce on the risotto was just superb. My only complaint is that I would have had the risotto creamier/denser -- it was a little soupy, though my husband didn't mind.The squid ink pasta special was just okay. I didn't hate it, but I didn't love it, either. Perhaps I am biased because the last "squid ink" dish I had was a risotto in NYC (fabulous).We didn't order wine, but my husband had a beer ($7), so all this was just under $70 without tip. So, a tad pricey, but the food was good, ambiance great, and definitely a recommended date place.I'll be back.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,9/26/2012,187,427,4,8,6>I have never had a Tiramisu make me stop whatever I was doing and make me think "DAMN!!!!!" before. This just happened. I was crunching away on my laptop and with fork in my right and my left still punching away on keys when I scooped a piece of the cake in my mouth. And it came back to me ... Japan, where sweets are made with real cream and natural ingredients and not just sugar. It makes sweets actually taste good, what a concept! I stopped pounding on my keys and for the next 10 minutes and forgot I had a laptop on the table as my sole being was to enjoy each bite of this lovely work of art.Obviously I would recommend the Tiramisu! The Gelato is also off the charts. The mint chocolate also stops me in my tracks. The sweets here are amazing. The coffee and the tea are prepackaged, but I also enjoyed both.  The service is impeccable. Almost all the staff have smiling faces and great personalities. The shop is spacious with many tables (they could have more power outlets though). And of course they have free wifi. This might be my favourite coffee shop in the world and that's saying something!
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,9/25/2012,10,29,,7,5>I love this clinic. It's conveniently located, and the staff here are genuinely concerned for your furbaby's well-being. They're gentle, efficient and thurough when it comes to treatment. They do surgerys (we just got one done on Easter Monday), as well as check-ups, vaccinations, Lion cuts, among other things. The pricing seems to be about average for a vet, but it's worth every penny if you love your furry one! :) There are also the two very friendly and well socialized clinic-kittys that reside there and they seem to be well loved and taken care of too. We could say they're sort of like mini-therapists, as they help ease any worry you may have.If you live in the area, I highly recommend them :)
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,9/24/2012,38,68,1,8,4>A group of us went to the wildflower grill for the first time last night for my birthday. From the moment we walked in, we were attended to. Our coats were taken and we were seated. The waitress provided details of the specials and took our drink orders and appetizer orders. The whole time she was extremely attentive, checking in our how we were enjoying our meals and provided great service.Onto the food! We ordered some appetizers, but there was no need, as they serve spoonfuls of a rabbit stew, and amazing bread cooked in a cup with organic butter. The stew was amazing!Then onto our appies. I ordered a prosciutto appetizer which was very good. The. The entrees. I had the salmon medallions, which were served with a bowl of mussels, scallops and accompanied by the most perfectly cooked green beans and asparagus. It was a very rich dish, so I wasn't able to finish. Others had lamb, Cornish game hen and steak. Everyone remarked how great the food was. Some people then had dessert and coffee and tea. The coffee and tea are served french press style, a pot per person, which is a lot. The tea and coffee had amazing flavour. The creme brûlée was served within little donuts and were to die for!We dined for about 3 hours, and we were never ignored by the wait staff.The atmosphere is elegant and very well laid out. One of our friends commented as we were leaving that it mustn't have been very busy because it was so quiet. In fact, the restaurant was almost full when we arrived. That was impressive.One bit of advice, plan to splurge, as a couple can easily spend over $150 with drinks. A once a year treat for us made a great impression on our group. I would recommend the wildflower grill to anyone looking for a high end dining experience!
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,9/23/2012,509,247,3,6,4>My new favourite AYCE (All You Can Eat) sushi house. Wow what an awesome selection of sushi items and you get 30 pieces of sashimi per person. The sashimi is fairly large but sushi items and other items are smaller so you have a chance to try more items off the menu.   I found the grilled squid as a must have item and the salmon pizza sushi was also a favourite. I have never had sushi that has some crunch to it giving the fresh impression.   Our waitress Anna was superb and entertaining. There was always a waitress buzzing around to meet all your needs.   You will not be disappointed visiting Sushi Garden. I do highly recommend this sushi house!
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,9/22/2012,115,132,2,4,3>Fresh cafe definitely lives up to its name! Although I only had a multigrain bagel with cream cheese it was well toasted and very tasty! They had just taken out a batch of cookies that smelled so heavenly that I'm not sure how I resisted buying one! I also had a Strawberry Peach Italian Soda that was recommended to me. I was impressed that they used Perrier for their Soda.It was around 3pm so it was nice and calm in there and I started to smell the chilli that they were making for Friday's soup special. I wanted to come and try that after a full 20+ hours of simmering.Finally I got great service, fast wifi and one of the 3 available parking spots!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,9/21/2012,70,102,2,3,3>Talk about books, this place is where I spend my lunch break when its raining out or too cold to go any where. Talk about a FAB selection. I read alot and go through alot of books. I always leave with my selected treasures in hand and of course a little good bye to the dear Mamma Cat. Purrrrrr.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,9/20/2012,97,490,,5,5>The Red Ox Inn is a first-class fine dining experience in an understated, comfortable atmosphere. The vintage sign out front indicates that the Red Ox Inn has existed in some form for years, but the interior and menu indicate that the proprietors are forward-thinking.Located in a small storefront in the Strathearn neighbourhood, the general ambiance is that of a clean, high quality neighbourhood restaurant, accented by white tablecloths and hardwood floors.There are maybe about ten tables in total, but spaced well apart from each other. The restaurant isn't too quiet, but not too loud either. You can converse easily and listen to some carefully picked mid-tempo indie rock tunes in the background.Naturally, the food is the star here. The focus is on great flavor and great texture while still presenting the food in a unique way.In our party of four, three ordered the (Vegetarian) green pea, hazelnut, and white chocolate soup as an appetizer and everybody loved it. I had a little taste and concur.I went for the beet salad with goat cheese and received a completely new interpretation of an old favourite. Instead of larger beets cut into rounds, this was served with small, halved beets instead. This salad, while tasty, didn't wow me the way the soup did.But the pheasant I ordered as a main did. The bird was cooked perfectly, complete with crispy skin. I also appreciated the romesco that they served with it. I'm a sucker for romesco.Dessert was also warm, awesome and delicious. Service was non-intrusive and efficient - just the way I like it. And while Red Ox Inn doesn't officially serve bread, we asked for some to sop up the soup and they provided us with some delicious, and buttered, rye bread to do so.If you are looking for a refined, fine-dining experience in Edmonton, you will not go wrong with the Red Ox Inn.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,9/19/2012,35,96,3,5,5>Back in the day, I never got caught up in that whole SEE vs. VUE debate...oh, there was one!  The way I saw it, both were free so why choose?  They were always available, literally next to each other, so if you were grabbing one, all you had to do was slightly swivel while in the crouched-to-grab-free-mag position about 17 degrees and scoop the other one.  Between the two of them, I couldn't tell the difference.  I either agreed or disagreed with their record reviews at about the same frequency, and shook my head or nodded in agreement to both.  Honestly, if you had interrupted me while reading, I couldn't tell you which one I was deep into without checking the cover.  Now they have combined the two into one and not a single thing has been lost.  The curent version still has all the interesting local-to-international items, but more important it still has the great coverage of the local arts and music scene.  Want to know what is happening in Edmonton for the upcoming week and foreseeable future?  Just grab an issue and flip to about the middle and start reading.  After so many years, VUE (and SEE) has become my thursday night habit - a trip to Blackbyrd to see what's new in music and grab the latest VUE, then hit a coffee shop (or the Act) to plan my weekend.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2012,9/18/2012,25,260,,4,3>Went with a friend for dinner on Monday night to check out Sumo Sumo.  Let me start out by saying read other people's reviews and they are definitely right on a few things - their parking lot is pretty weird, the outside of the restaurant has a nice brown patch of dirt to greet you and some of their maki sushi pieces are unusually large.  But those weren't that big of a deal breaker.  The inside is very modern, clean and has a very calm/relaxing atmosphere.But back to the food.  We split everything (to try more stuff out duh) - started with the seared black pepper salmon tataki ($14) which was very nice.  Came with a ponzu sauce and was cooked perfectly.  Then for sushi, we ordered the dragon roll ($13), volcano roll ($14) and Joe's special roll ($15).  The maki's were all very good but as other people have said, some of the rolls are cut into ENORMOUS portions.  One roll could easily be cut into two pieces.  Not sure why they don't do that as the last two maki orders have 6 pieces each but could easily be 8 or more.  Plus it would be more manageable to eat.  We also ordered a small maki - spicy tuna tempura maki ($6.75).  Came in 6 pieces and was different than everything else as it was warm.  Decent but I would pass on this one.  For dessert, we split a deep fried tempura green tea/chocolate/vanilla ice cream ($6 or 7).  So total of the bill was around $70+ which is a bit more on the expensive side but we had lots to eat and even had a mini box of leftovers for the next day.If your in the Sherwood Park hood, it's worth checking out especially if you can go during the "Happy Hour" specials (3-6pm) where they have a bunch of dishes, all for $5.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2012,9/17/2012,187,341,4,17,8>I've been suffering from bad headaches for as long as I can remember. I've been to the doctor, the neurologist, had CT scans, a naturopath, you name it. I'm not exactly a fan of prescription drugs, so most of the time I would just suffer through them. Acupuncture is something I've thought of on and off for a few years but just never got around to doing until now. Bethune came recommended to me by a friend and by another acupuncture place I phoned that couldn't see me for months.I've been to Bethune five times so far. The longest I've had to wait for an appointment has only been a few days, but I've also gotten in on the same day, too.Bethune isn't a fancy spa, it's a medical clinic. Don't expect anything over the top; the place is quite basic. The rooms are clean and sparse, with anatomical diagrams on the walls showing the various acupuncture points. Some of them have pictures of flowers, and they do play relaxing music. When you arrive for your first appointment, they give you a sheet to fill out with a checklist of various issues and then they go over it with you. Of course it will be different for everyone depending on what you're there for, but my appointments have consisted of a massage first, then cupping (not every time) and acupuncture. Even though I go for a one hour appointment, I'm usually there for closer to an hour and a half, so make sure you don't have to be anywhere right afterwards, or ask them before you start how long it will take. I always see Kenny, a.k.a. Dr. Zhang, and he's great. He really explains things, even though they sound like they don't make sense (for example, part of the reason I get headaches is because I have cold air in my head). I always approach things cautiously rather than optimistically, but after the prescribed first four sessions and one two-week supply of herbal tea, my headaches have been drastically reduced and have almost disappeared. I am seriously amazed and so relieved. I never think anything will work, but this apparently has. I still have some other things to work on (poor sleep, etc.), so I will continue to go to Bethune, and have recommended them to others as well. There are a few doctors there, but I have only seen Kenny and his wife, who is the herbalist. She's amazing, too. Without me even telling her anything, she looked at my tongue and took my pulse and could tell that I had major anxiety and low energy. Sometimes the process of the appointments is a little bit like an adventure. I don't know exactly what they're going to do, but I trust in them and it's working for me so far. Prices seem reasonable compared to other places I have called (which I admit are not that many). All of my sessions, no matter the length, and including the massage, accupuncture and cupping, have been $75. The tea seems expensive but I have nothing to compare it to, at $40. I have also bought headache oil (which I haven't really had to use!) for $15.Note: This is a branch of the main Bethune clinic on Parsons Road, which I have not been to. I don't believe this location is listed on their website.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,9/16/2012,85,580,,4,3>Best dim sum in town! This is now our go-to dim sum place -- it's delicious and in a central location. But holy man does it get packed if you don't show up at the right time! Expect to wait anywhere from half an hour or a full hour on weekend mornings, I kid you not. Although, the food will taste even better if you're crazy enough to wait that long. The best time to go is right when they open on weekend mornings, at 10am. Parking is also easier to find then too! Avoid the 11am-1pm rush if you can.Everything here is good. The dumplings are big and fresh, and have also ruined me for other dumplings elsewhere -- it's just not the same anymore. If you like sweets, try the glutinous rice balls; they are tasty little dessert balls stuffed with sweet green bean. And for the brave or for those who just appreciate good food and don't care what it is, Urban China has the best chicken feet in town, hands down. Seriously, try it ... I'm certain you'll agree. It never used to be a favorite of mine but now I've converted.We came here during Chinese New Year and they had a few lion dance performances on site during a couple weekends. It was good cultural entertainment to see while enjoying dim sum with family and friends.Sometimes they give you coupons for your next visit, which comes in handy because more likely than not, you'll be back!
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,9/15/2012,14,82,3,6,3>Wow! I have some pretty bizzare hobbies, and a quick Google search turned up this place for the most recent supplies I was needing. I knew that they had leather & all sorts of tools to go with, I just didn't know they'd have some other specialties - like grommets!The store has a lot of stuff, and the items seem to be clearly marked. The staff were super helpful in assisting me to find what I needed. There were quite a few things I've added to my wishlist now that I've been in (rivets with coloured gems - watch out!) The only thing I don't love about this place is their 'tiered' pricing. If you purchase a membership (one for $35 and one for $150) you can get a substantial discount on your purchase. I don't know how many times I'll be there this year (they expire every year) so I didn't get one. I guess if you're going to have a business using these supplies often, it would be worth it. Although, as an ocassional shopper, it messes with my brain to see what I could save if I bought a membership.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2012,9/14/2012,220,814,,4,3>As someone who loves bubble tea, Gama Store was on my list to try because I heard that they sell a related drink from Taiwan and is the only place in Edmonton that sells it. When I first entered Gama Store I was not sure I was in the right place. It looked like a boutique selling clothing and gifts from Taiwan. At the back of the store is the snack area, with drinks and different kinds of cakes and toast, as well as packaged snack foods. I had the green cap milk tea which was refreshing and delicious. I loved the layer of foam cheese on top (and that is saying something since I hate cheese/have difficulties with dairy products). At $5, the price was in line with bubble tea elsewhere. The owner told me they import their tea directly from Taiwan (no surprise there). Fun, cute, quaint - these are all words that describe Gama Store. I will be back for more milk tea when the weather gets warmer.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,9/13/2012,35,101,,5,3>Meat heaven.  No other way to describe it.Since I've been using Yelp, I've been hearing nothing but good things about Acme, so last weekend I finally decided to check it out for myself.  The fact that I was looking to try out a pulled pork recipe might have had something to do with that decision, too.Finding the shop was a bit of a hassle, since my map reading skills are apparently non-existent.  Once I arrived, though, I was impressed with how clean the place was.  Spent some time working in a grocery store when I was a teenager, and the meat department there was always kind of, well......bloody.  Not the case here.  I was also kind of surprised that only one other customer was shopping.  Kind of expected the place to be busier.The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, and chopped off a beautiful pork shoulder for me in short order.  I'm glad I wandered in when I did, because that whole "not busy" thing didn't last - as I was paying for my order, I noticed that at least 5 other people had wandered in after me.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,9/12/2012,30,60,,7,4>How have I not already written a review of the Bothy? I love this place!The Bothy is the best (and, until the place in the Jaffer building opens, possibly the only) whisky bar in Edmonton. The selection of scotch is unparalleled and the staff truly know their whisky. If you aren't sure what you're in the mood for, or if you are new to scotch, ask your server or the bartender for a recommendation and they'll almost always be able to find something that you'll like. The waitresses don't always know as much as the bartenders, but they will typically consult with them if they don't feel that they can give you a good suggestion.They also have a variety of whisky from around the world, including India, Australia, Ireland, Canada, the U.S.A., Japan, and Wales. (Tip: avoid the Penderyn unless you like your whisky to taste very medicinal; Welsh whisky is, apparently, not very good.)The food is also fantastic. I discovered, during my most recent visit, that the menu has been expanded from the pies and haggis that previously made up the dinner section. There are now more choices, but still few enough that the cooks are able to make sure that they can do everything well instead of mediocre. The meat pies are great. The leek pie is a fantastic vegetarian option. And the haggis is delicious. One of the newer menu items, the Alberta Trio of  duck, beef, and lamb, is amazing and incredibly inexpensive compared to what most other restaurants would charge for a similar dish (I believe it was $26; most places would probably charge closer to $40).The downside about the Bothy is that it's very small. Mostly, this gives it an excellent cozy feeling, but it can make finding a table very difficult on the weekend. On the plus side, this popularity has resulted in the opening of a second location on 124 Street which I'm hoping to check out in the near future.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2012,9/11/2012,16,50,,2,2>I went to this Brewster's with a friend on a weeknight and upon entering the restaurant I was blown away by how spacious and uniquely designed it was. I sat in the dining area which is quite small in comparison to the bar, understandable to me given its location. Aesthetics aside, I was greeted warmly and seated promptly. I ordered myself a drink which came out very quickly along with my friend's beer, so I was satisfied with service from the beginning. As my main entree I ordered buffalo quesadilla with fries, it came out warm and although I underestimated how hot the buffalo chicken would be, the meal was enjoyable. Overall I was impressed with the service and the location on 104 is superb. In comparison to my experience at the other Brewster's in the south side, this one beats it hands down.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,9/10/2012,78,111,,2,3>Probably my favourite yoga studio in town. I find there's a great flexibility in both the types of yoga, length of classes, and times they're available. They make having a yoga practice while living a hectic schedule a possibility! I haven't been to all that many classes yet, but I'm really enjoying them. The instructors are very friendly, the classes are easy to follow, and you're encouraged to work at your own pace, and the setting is wonderfully calm and welcoming. No matter what class you go to, you'll come out feeling peaceful, revitalized AND like you just got one heck of a workout. This is well worth checking out!
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,9/9/2012,24,223,2,4,3>I really enjoyed my first foray into this store, even though I had a huge headache that day and was just killing time while I waited to go to my bridal appointment across the street. They have loads of great stuff here, and I loved the atmosphere. They also had Clarisonic skincare brushes IN STOCK. That is hard to come by. The girls were all friendly, helpful and informative. I could browse at my leisure or ask as many questions as I wanted. They also have a gift registry for weddings and showers. That is something that is good to know! I ended up leaving with a hand cream called Fluffy Bunny, and it is simply divine. I will be back to get more when it runs out (it smells like spearmint and lavendar for all those who get migraines. I love it. It doesn't bother my head).
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,9/8/2012,11,22,,4,2>I was looking for an affordable and convenient place to get my hair done downtown, and stumbled across Rochelle at The Cutting Loft.  I will never, ever let anyone else touch my hair!! Ladies' cuts are $50...$50!!!  I have so much hair, I'm used to paying out the nose for someone to hap-haphazardly try and create layers.  Rochelle takes her time, knows exactly what she's doing and knows exactly what to do to get there.  She's also incredibly friendly and easy to talk to - I don't know about anyone else, but I've always found the "obligatory chitchat" with hair stylists to be awkward and annoying, but when I'm here, it's just fun and easy.Every time I walk out of The Cutting Loft, I am ridiculously happy with my hair and ridiculously happy with how much I paid.  I've recommended this salon to dozens of people already.The only thing that might be a drawback for some people is the time factor.  Sometimes you have to wait 10-15 minutes past your appointment time for your stylist to be ready, and the cut can take quite a while.  I personally do not mind this at all, and plan my appointments for times when I don't need to rush to anything else afterwards.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2011,9/7/2012,16,38,,5,4>I travel around the city a lot for work, so I often find myself popping into libraries to spend time and look for resources. The Lois Hole is a marvelous library space -- it's a shame it can't be replicated in more areas of the city.The foyer is open and warm, with a statue of the branch's namesake keeping safe watch over the books. I'm always blown away by the amount of light that is filtered into the space through large windows, a feature that makes this library all the more inviting to both adult and child.The layout is fabulous, with separate areas for children, (and story time; daycares are frequent guests,) older children, and teens, with "suggestions" to guide reluctant readers. This branch always seems to have an abundance to documentaries and CDs, as well as a healthy collection of graphic novels. On top of the friendly staff at the front, there is a resource/help desk in the middle of the library, between the fiction and non-fiction shelves, to help any library or technology newbies.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,9/6/2012,14,55,,3,4>It has been a while since I last ate good poutine and that was before I came to the city. However going to La Poutine for the first time, I can definitely say I'll be returning for more. Aside from a few tables & seats along the wall, the place doesn't have a lot of room so don't expect to host a party there.Menu wise, they have extensive varieties of poutine which included pizza and vegan. I ordered the Traditional since I wanted a good old fashioned poutine before I decide to try out the others and oh boy was it delicious. The fries were just right with the squeaky cheese curds. The gravy was mouth watering, the best thing I had tasted in a long time since it wasn't too salty. The girl at the counter was nice & friendly and even helped me explain the different kinds of gravy before I ordered so that was a plus. If you're in the area and want to eat authentic poutine, this is a must-try place!
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,9/5/2012,40,61,3,5,5>If you're like me, then you have two major problems with buying greeting cards;a) You can't help but notice that the "funny card" you gave last year is still on the shelf this year andb) After checking all the cards, the "funny card" above is the only one you like.If you're like me, you've never been excited by a card shop.  Until I stumbled upon Papyrus.  Papyrus finally offers something different on the greeting card scene.  The cards offer a variety of eye-catching, unique designs, and when I first came, there was nary a vacuous Hallmark card to be found.  I've been coming here ever since.  These cards are, oft times, borderline works of art, intricate and detailed without being gaudy.  For the first time, there was more than one or two cards in the store that I actually wouldn't mind buying.The card cost is between $6 to $8, and comes with an envelope and sticker seal.  They do have a bunch of generic card shop crap (strange pens, mini tape rolls, and so on), but this shop for me means I spent five minutes looking for a card instead of a few hours at three or four stores.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,9/4/2012,2,17,6,4,4>I take people here, and they don't believe me until they arrive..I tell them there is a heaven on earth, I tell them they will fall to their knees and be overwhelmed with the plentiful selection of Brews! But not only Brews, but gin, scotch, vodkas, wine ...There is more than one friend who I have taken, and have truly thanked me, blessed me infact! lolIf I am stopping by Sherbrooke my friends can expect to not hear from me for hours, without warning...Go, check it out, they have it all and what they don't have they can get...Oh my, i get excited just thinking about it!Enjoy!!:DPS as others have said, perhaps take a sweater to keep warm in the cooler, and don't be shy to take a basket, and pick one of these, and one of those and one of these and oh oh one of those......i digress....
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,9/3/2012,155,209,2,10,5>This is what heaven looks like.....tin upon tin of beautifully infused olive oil, balsamic vinegars and helpful staff in aprons encouraging you to try...try them all!  Combine and create and explore and take home as many as you like for very decent prices to enjoy as often as you like. Evoolution is a wonderful addition to the 104st Promenade and Edmonton as a whole!  I made my way into this shop during the 104 St market on a Saturday.  The shop was busy but the staff was still very attentive and helpful.  I tried a few oils and settled on a lemon infused as well as a herb infused, both of which were recommended as pairings with numerous balsamic vinegar.  I am on a sugar reduced diet right now so balsamic was out of the question, however I have been thoroughly enjoying each oil with plain white vinegar and a bit of italian dressing spice on a green salad a few times during the week. I will be visiting this store often to try new oils and soon to try the spices they will also be carrying!
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,9/2/2012,12,59,,10,3>The last time I went in, 3 doctors spoke with me about my dog who had fairly non-serious symptoms. They spent a great deal of time and had very thorough conversations with me about my senior dog's health concerns and possible future care. They are beginning to make all of their records electronic and you can see your animal's history on a screen in the treatment room. they always take the greatest care and attention with me and my animals. I was surprised when one of the doctors mentioned my cat who had been in there only twice previously, and the procedures we had done on him almost a year ago without looking at his records! I wish I could find a family doctor as good as this vet. WOW! They are truly excellent at Parkwest!It should be mentioned that the reason I started driving across the city to  utilize their services is because they quoted me the lowest cost on a tooth removal for my cat 3+ years ago. They remain extremely cost effective and concerned about my bill. Excellent service!
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,9/1/2012,13,51,,6,5>I just discovered this place last week. Was very happy with my discovery, as I used to love going to the dessert place in Calgary's Chinatown and have missed a similar place in Edmonton. What I've tried so far has been delicious. In addition, the staff is really sweat and helpful, and the place is located within walking distance from where I live. Yay! Eager to go back for more Chinese dessert soon! Interestingly, they don't serve coffee, but offer coffee flavored tea. Didn't try it, but think I have to go back to check it out after all...! I'm also to try the rice based dessert with mango. I usually by it with coconut milk, which is also yummy, but the mango version looked delicious.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2010,8/31/2012,37,420,,4,3>Ed's Rec Room is such as fun place. My friends and I come here to play bowling at least once a month. There are many lanes, but since the place gets extremely busy (naturally, more so on the weekends), reservations or coming as early as you can is strongly advised. As previous reviewers have already mentioned, Tuesday is the day of the week when you can bowl for cheap. Fridays and Saturday are so much more fun though, because the lights are turned off and bowling alleys glow. The atmosphere is amazing! In fact, cosmic bowling nights are so much fun, that it's easy to lose track of time, play for hours, and then be presented with the obscene check. It's important to keep an eye on the clock.In addition to bowling alleys, Ed's has quite a few pool tables, arcade room, a nice lounge, and even the stage were many live venues take place. I haven't attended any concerts here but plan on doing so in the near future.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,8/30/2012,65,170,,3,4>Victoria Promenade is one of my favorite places in all of Edmonton. Curving up from 100 Avenue to Jasper, between 116 Street and 121st, it provides beautiful views of the River Valley. The combination of broad sidewalks and a designated bike lane make for a perfect pedestrian route. Whether I am strolling hand in hand with my sweetheart, power walking with a girlfriend, or meandering along with my newborn, I adore my walks along the Promenade. And I always think how lucky I am to have such a wonderful place right in my neighborhood.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2010,8/29/2012,6,204,,2,2>William Hawrelak Park is one of Edmonton's most used parks, and used by me and my family on a regular basis. The park is named after a former mayor of Edmonton and the site used to be an old gravel pit. My, much has changed over time!The park is situated just off Groat Road with the North Saskatchewan River running by it's side. The park has many amenities available from picnic areas, public washrooms, amphitheater, playground, and of course the lake. Regardless of the time of year you go to Hawrelak Park there is always something to do - skating, cross country skiing and snow shoeing in the winter to flying kites, paddle boats, wildlife watching and chilling out in the summer. Some of the larger picnic areas need to be booked in advance and to do so you need to call the City's Parks and Rec division. Regardless of the time of year you'll see people running through the park as part of the trail system goes through it. It's also a hot spot for wedding pictures. Hawrelak Park has been the location of many events from the annual Heritage Days Festival, Edmonton marathon route, the now defunct Bright Nights Festival, Terry Fox Run, Symphony Under The Stars, sporting events and Silver Skate Festival, to name a few.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,8/28/2012,292,404,3,7,4>I'm thinking of a time... not too far off in the future, when every neighborhood in town has a weeknight single-block market like this.  A local neighborhood band playing tunes, bakers coming out with bread for supper, a dude repairing bicycles in the corner, a food truck selling some delicious greasy food, while dogs barking in excitement as they cross paths and owners holding them back, giggling.DIY gurus selling their homemade purses and soaps, city plot owners biking in with their spring and summer garden mixes while beautiful people in summer attire adorn the path adding color and definition.  Conversations with strangers, smiles and high fives.124 Grand market is a microcosm of this dream.  Dress up, take your date and check this place out.  Don't have to buy anything - just absorb the city.  Wish they remain just one block in length.  Sometimes short and sweet is all you need.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,8/27/2012,94,253,,4,3>There are dozens, if not hundreds, of places to get butter chicken in this city. Guru has the best by far. Creamy, rich, rosy and loaded with BIG chunks of chicken breast. The naan is pillowy and warm; all the better to dip with.Guru is the first Indian restaurant I've been to in Edmonton that isn't  buffet-style, and I really appreciated the effort that went into presentation (because, let's face it, it doesn't take a lot of forethought to plunk something in a warmer).I fell in love with potato-paneer dumplings that sang with cardamom. A completely unexpected yet most welcome combination.I only tried these three things - naan, butter chicken, and potato dumplings - but Guru will be my Indian restaurant of choice in the future.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,8/26/2012,32,60,,6,4>I have been going here since high school to play pool and enjoy the food and environment. AND WOW, this place has really improved. They cleaned up the place, especially the pool tables now the table cloths are clean and there arent dirt pieces that ruin your games. Another big change i saw was the food menu, they changed the design of the menu and also added a few new items. I always end up getting their nachos cause its a basket full of awesomeness. And another favorite are the poutines they added to the menu. I tried the regular, and was very satisfied buy the amount given and the taste, but i have yet to try the other 3 they offer. Overall this is just a great place to go hang out and enjoy the environment.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,8/25/2012,32,106,1,6,3>I have been exploring 118th Avenue a lot lately and am absolutely loving some of the  discoveries I've made there!Swiss 2 GO is a very clean and bright restaurant that serves pasta, sandwiches, soup and desserts. The place is small, and holds about 3-4 tables.As soon as my friend and I walked in, we were greeted warmly by the lady behind the counter, who waited patiently as we went over the menu selections. I was starving, and couldn't wait to try the Thanksgiving sandwich (Turkey, brie, cranberries, red peppers, lettuce, etc.). It arrived on a gorgeous pretzel bun (perfectly crisp/chewy exterior, with a soft tender mouthfeel on the inside) and LOOKED incredibly fresh; I knew it was going to be a delicious sandwich. The ingredients were vibrant, fresh, and clean-tasting. The simplicity of the ingredients made it all the better. Served alongside potato salad that contained fresh dill, apples and pickles, it was an ultra-satisfying, yet light and clean-tasting meal.For dessert, I ordered a selection of pastries to share with friends at a picnic. I wasn't impressed with their layered cakes (we tried banana and chocolate) but their puff pastry shells filled with vanilla custard and topped with blackberries were delectable! Go for the cream-filled pastries for sure!The prices here were reasonable at about $6-10 per lunch (small sandwich and potato salad) and the service was extremely warm and friendly. I loved Swiss 2 GO and can't wait to go back for a sandwich and salad!
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2012,8/24/2012,53,82,3,5,1>I have a real soft spot for Happy Garden, even though I've been told it's not "real" Chinese food. To be honest, I'm not really sure what that means.Happy Garden is a simple, family-owned restaurant located in Parkallen. What they lack in interior decor, they more than make up for in delicious food. Whether or dining in, or grabbing something for take-away, you're in for something delicious.Faves at this place include the moo shu pork and the szechuan beef. If you want cheap, quick Chinese that makes you happy, you should try Happy Garden.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2012,8/22/2012,22,29,,6,6>I've only been once, but think Roast is worth plenty more trips in the future.The take on a London Fog I had was pretty tasty. I like a little more sweetness but, then, a little less sugar is a healthy thing.The place looks fantastic! As part of the re-birth of the Mercer Warehouse, Roast has all the exposed brick, wood, and everything else so often behind walls that anyone could ask for. A very cool space on Edmonton's new cool street. Let me know if you sit at their community table.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2012,8/21/2012,14,139,2,5,5>The Edmonton Humane Society is a great not-for-profit organization doing great work for animals. They're facility is amazing and their staff are courteous and seem to genuinely care about what they do. If you're planning on going here, don't expect to leave without an animal because seeing some of their animals are going to tug on the ol' heart strings.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2012,8/20/2012,81,166,2,4,4>A friend of mine arranged a dinner here for a large group of people to celebrate my birthday. We were seated in a little section that was somewhat separated from the rest of the restaurant. This was nice for us since it gave us a bit of privacy and nice for the rest of the patrons since we're not the quietest group (which is ironic considering most of us are librarians).We had a bit of a scare when the waitress told us that as a group of more than 10, we were obligated to order the "meze" which sounded good but also rang in at $38 per person. Ouch! Plus considering I don't eat meat, there's no way I'd be getting my money's worth. Luckily they were able to make an exception for us which saved the night.I ended up choosing two appetizers rather than an entrée and this was just the right amount of food. I wasn't all that enamoured with the spanakopita. I prefer larger pastries with more filling rather than smaller ones with more crust. However, the gigantes plaki (beans in tomato sauce) were delicious.They have a belly dancer on Friday and Saturday nights which is always entertaining. I don't really like how loud they turned up the music for her though. When she's off performing on the other side of the restaurant you want to be able to comfortably continue your conversations. They also apparently have plate smashing which unfortunately, being in our special section, we could hear but not see it.Overall I had at great time at koutouki. I'll definitely be back, but because of the "meze" rule for parties of 10+, I probably will only come with smaller groups.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,8/19/2012,3,18,,4,2>The best thing about the Common is that it has retained some of the openess and "all neighbours welcome" vibe of Martini's, but is obviously slick and on trend. Although "on trend" may deter some of you! I like the Common because it feels open and just the right amount of cool. Everyone fits in, whether it's breakdancers on the floor, aged artists on the patio or biker-ish smokers near the rear. I like that the staff are not following the typical dress code, but they aren't so good-looking that I feel inadequate! Drinks were cheap (under $6 for house vodka/water and under $7 for cheap but branded scotch whiskey) and bathrooms were nice (and clean!)This will be the place that you never knew existed until someone has their birthday party there, then you'll say "Oh!!!! THAT place, I always see a line-up there but never knew what it was for!"I would take my boyf, gf's or myself there, age is varied and there is no pretense. Plus I like the black and white bathroom-esque tiles!
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2012,8/18/2012,12,34,,9,8>When first walking into Haweli, you can't help but to stop and admire the foyer. They have the most gorgeous swing chair, a beautiful bench to sit upon along the window, two very interesting statues, and lovely artwork on the walls. It is just a beautiful start to your dining experience. My daughter and I literally sat here for a good five minutes taking it all in. Then the aroma led us up the stairs, where we were promptly and politely greeted with a smile. The dining area is softly lit and draped throughout with tall, white curtains that create a colored glow, which I really liked. It is romantic and elegant feeling. The Indian artwork throughout is pleasing to the eye, and I really enjoyed the music as well. I found the staff (dealt with two gentleman, one of whose name was Dinesh) to be extremely polite, friendly, and well groomed. They were attentive and sincere in ensuring we were both enjoying our meals. Dinesh was exceptional and took the time to make small talk with us, asking if this was our first time, etc. It was an absolute pleasure to receive such outstanding customer service. We went on a Wednesday evening, and it turns out this was a buffet night, which we opted to go for. ($20 per person) Great, GREAT choice that was. I wish I could remember all the dishes that we feasted on. The buffet presentation is just stellar. Spotlessly clean, hot food, and a nice variety of dishes and desserts. There isn't a large variety, but it covers all the yummy basics, like basmati rice, butter and tandori chicken, fish choices, and to my pleasant surprise, yummay seedless grapes. When we got back to our table, a basket of hot Naan bread was waiting for us, and it was the best I have ever had, and I have had a lot. Lol. My daughter and I had a very pleasant experience from start to finish, and we are looking forward to returning.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,8/16/2012,45,119,,16,15>Great food, great prices and a friendly, welcoming atmosphere. You can't really ask for much else. I love the green onion cakes and the vermicelli bowls are my usual choice. I've also had the pho, which was really good. Spring rolls and curry stews are great too. It's nice to go to a local restaurant that really appreciates your business and treats you very well. I'm glad we found this place, because it's a regular spot for us when we go out now.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,8/15/2012,19,49,2,6,3>It's a small but clean place and being packed on a Sunday afternoon meant that we were on the sushi bar in front of the sake collection. A shame because I was driving.I've always known good ramen existed beyond the stuff you pour hot water over but when a few people tell me that Nomiya was the best in the city, I was inclined to believe them.First of all, I wouldn't say I have the best English skills in the world but the menu was confusing. The descriptions aren't very indicative of the pictures. Hint: Trust the picture for what you're going to get.I felt like pigging out so I had ramen soup and a rice to myself while sharing a roll. Their rainbow rolls are awesome - big, full of seafoody goodness, and fresh. The ramen, I went for a sea salt tonkatsu, it was filling and savory. I'd imagine this would be perfect for flu season. I got a special rice alongside the ramen for $3.50. I liked all the flavors but the mayonnaise was too much neutralizing the charsu and sauce.Nomiya was the best ramen that I've ever had and it was a great experience but I can't help but imagine, I'd have to go to Japan to get the good stuff.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,8/14/2012,4,29,,6,3>A good tex-mexican alternate. Like the food and the setting. I happen to go during weekday lunch time and the place was quite busy with about 20+ waiting minutes. Food taste very good with fresh flavor. Would definitely suggest for anyone hungering around the downtown area. Will try again.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2010,8/13/2012,50,158,,10,2>If I had to pick, this is Edmonton's best Chinese restaurant, which means Southern Cantonese cuisine.  The food is authentic and very well executed.  There is good variety on the menu, even the English one.  The decor is classic old school Chinatown and the service is attentive, helpful and welcoming.  Portions are generous and priced like any other restaurant, so they're good value.  Their clientele is the local Chinese community and it's busy.  There is probably no better endorsement.As with all North American Chinese restaurants, the best food is often off the English menu and seasonal specials are often only written in Chinese.  Ask the staff about what's good and what the chef found for the specials.  Depending on seasonality, there might not be a special every day but it's worth asking.  The reality is that most western diners order the "Big 3": fried rice, sweet and sour pork and Ginger Beef, over and over again; something that convinces Chinese restaurant owners that the average western customer is not interested in authentic Chinese food, which is why the English and Chinese menus are not really the same. So, ask.Their big challenges in attracting a wider customer base are the dearth of parking in Chinatown and that the neighbourhood intimidates some.  Western diners also find a room full of Chinese all speaking Chinese loudly a little bit intimidating as well.  Although parking is a challenge, both the neighbourhood and the restaurant are really quite welcoming in reality.  Come in a group so you can order a wide variety of the dishes and have a raucous good time like everyone else.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/3/2012,8/12/2012,49,256,3,4,2>Oh, Movies 12 ... This place is great if you want to see movies on the big screen without breaking the bank. The snacks are still expensive, though, so if you're looking to save money it's probably in your best interest to eat before arriving.The place is clean and well-maintained -- moreso than the crowded first-run movie theatres. Unfortunately though, the decor seems to be some sort of homage to Tim Burton ... the colors, carpet on the walls, and so on are a bit much to take. It is kind of fun to imagine you are stepping in to a time warp though....The bathrooms are located in a weird spot ... they seem to have put them as far away from the theatres as possible. They also have the exit doors near the bathroom (walled off from the entrance), and the entrance is usually roped off when the movies are over, meaning you can't go back for refills on your large popcorn! (Do they even do refills here?) Overall though, if you're not getting snacks this is a great deal. Yay for Movies 12!
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,8/10/2012,47,31,3,4,3>I wrote my last review two years ago after my first experience (at this salon or anywhere) tanning.  My points were about how knowledgeable the owner was, and how the Matrix bed didn't burn me, even at 12 minutes, never having tanned before.I thought I'd write another one, as I just finished 3 weeks of tanning to get a base tan for a trip to Mexico.  The salon has moved and is now MUCH brighter, cleaner looking and more inviting.  The online scheduling system wasn't working for the first couple appointments and meant we were double booked, but they were still able to get us in without throwing the other appointments too far off.  But once it started working, it's incredible.  It makes it SO easy to plan ahead and you even get reminders in your email about your appointment.  Parking is terrible, though.  I had to spend 10 minutes driving around, stuck in parking lot traffic, trying to find a spot.  If you go regularly, I would try and get a sense of how busy it is at the time you go, and it might be better to park on the south side of the mall instead.In terms of the tan, after about 4 visits, I was noticeably darker, and the base tan let me spend about 10 hours a day on the beach with only SPF 8 on :) The owner was also able to answer any questions about how much I should tan to have a good base before I went.One other note: in the time I was going, I referred two other people to Gold'n Tan.  Both of them had such strong positive reactions to tanning there, they regularly told me how much they loved it, the experience, the price and the results.  One couldn't believe how affordable it was and how dark she was getting, and one couldn't believe how comfortable the Matrix bed was (compared to the claustrophobic other beds she's been in).
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,8/9/2012,8,12,7,3,5>My short yelp history of reviews is seemingly no short of bars and pubs. As liver-ruining as that might be, highly-touted recommendations and word of mouth suggestions are always unearthing new veins of glorious discoveries that make for heightened Friday and/or Saturday night outings.Now if you didn't know of this Solo Liquor store, I don't blame you. Much like Ben Affleck's appeal: it's practically non-existent, but still there somehow. A blink or two driving past PJ's Pet Center on your way to Sport Chek and you'll miss it. It's a clean, small liquor store with a bevy of various spirits and beers. Although they don't carry a large volume, their selection is quite comprehensive and most importantly, incredibly well-priced. What adds to the appeal of the store is that the owner is often there working the cash register and greeting customers. It's great to have the controller at the front end of the business as he's very open to welcoming suggestions & opinions on brands he should be carrying and improvements to his stock.But perhaps my favorite reason to visit this store is that it's just one of a few places in town I've found that sell "La Fin du Monde". La Fin du Monde is a Belgian-style golden ale made from Montreal brewer Unibroue. See what Unibroue's done with La Fin du Monde is leave you hounding for more with its indulging concoction of a cloudy blonde ale and 9% alcohol content - presumably to suck our souls from our very lips for some type of dark & twisted Quebecois harvest.Yep. Thanks in part to Solo Liquor, they've helped French-Canadians bring rise to another delicious Quebec consumable that further adds to our giant asses past poutine.Well done.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,8/8/2012,19,76,3,4,3>This is a great physical therapy clinic. I have been going to the same physio, Nancy, since 2005 for various injuries. She always focuses on the recovery and understands everyone has different goals and works towards them. The clinic uses a variety of instruments (like muscle stim and ultrasound) combined with active exercises and each appointment is around an hour.The space is quite good - they have beds and then a small area at the back with some equipment (like stationary bikes, a step machine, mini trampoline etc.). One downside is that the equipment is old and some of it is falling apart. But all the physios make the best of what is available and are very resourceful coming up with exercises. The staff all seems to have a great relationship, assisting anyone whenever necessary, which helps the patients feel at ease. The clinic also offers acupuncture, but I have never tried this.I also appreciate the hours - open early (first appointment is at 7am) and stay open into the evening (I think until 7pm most nights). This makes it convenient to attend appointments around any work schedule. Each appointment is $60 - I haven't attended any other location so I don't know if this is competitive pricing but I feel it is fair for the service I receive. Overall a great place that I will continue to attend well into the future.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,8/7/2012,40,145,3,5,4>It's easy to miss this gem as you drive by the industrial area. But make no mistake, this place is worth discovering. The decor is a bit confusing as the chairs are a bit outdated but the wooden railings and accents give you a comforting feeling of eating somewhere legitimately exotic.The waitresses were very attentive and friendly as they constantly refilled our meals and drinks.The beef spare ribs were typically on the tough side as expected from a Korean kitchen but the marinade used was the right balance of salty and "I want to lick my fingers".The Kim Chee definitely was a highlight as it was pickled quite well with a good spice kick.My most memorable meal was the raw salmon b-bim-baab salad. It was a delicious dish consisting of crunchy vegetables, steamed rice, fresh salmon sashimi in a delectable sweet sauce. I honestly believe this dish is fresh and exciting and worth checking out. If you're a chirashi fan, this will be heaven for you.Another interesting dish was the seafood pancake. On it's own, it's kind of bland but dip it in the accompanying soy sauce dish and you'll appreciate it a little better. I didn't taste any seafood which was a little disappointing.Feeling adventurous? Then I would definitely recommend coming here. If not, come here anyways and just order the safe beef b-bim-baab with bulgogi because that should appeal to the more cautious crowds.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,8/6/2012,67,269,4,3,2>The cupcake craze has mostly gotten old for me, but I got a groupon for Delish and figured I'd stop by and try them out next time I was up at the Italian Centre. They were pretty picked over in terms of flavours when I got there (because this was 2 days before the coupon expired), but I got a nice selection anyways. The cupcakes here are by far my favourite of anything you can buy in a store. They had just the right amount of sweetness in the icing and the cake is nice and moist. I ate two right away and didn't even feel terrible afterwards.They do cakes and some other baking here too, and I'll be back the next time I'm at the Italian Centre and I need some cupcakes with my prosciutto.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2012,8/5/2012,41,524,,5,3>When we were looking to move, I asked a friend for a recommendation.  She has recently used this company and told me they did a good job and were reasonably priced so I decided to book them for our move.We were moving out of 2 apartments and into a house so the move had to be coordinated with when we were getting the keys to the house and an apartment inspection.  I booked the movers to arrive at my apartment at 9AM and around that time, 3 men arrived to start the move.  They parked the truck in the back and had to go through the gym on the main floor up to the elevator.  It wasn't an ideal set up but they were able to work with it.  It took just over an hour to move my boxes and furniture.  They provided wardrobe boxes which were so convenient.  All I had to do with take my clothes on the hangers and hang it in these boxes. One of the guys did scuff the floor so he asked for cleaning products and got on his hands and knees to scrub the mark off.  He got most of it off and my landlady did not notice during the inspection.After moving me out, they went to the other apartment where there were more boxes and furniture.  I had my inspection and then went to the house to meet the realtor to pick up the keys.  It worked out well as I was at the house for less than 30 min. and the movers arrived.  It took them about 3 hours to move everything in.  Many of the boxes had to be moved down 10 stairs and it was a hot day so I'm sure they wanted to finish as soon as possible.  There did nick a older wooden desk but there wasn't any major marks or damage to our furniture.  They did take apart and put back together our beds.  And I took my clothes out of the wardrobe boxes and hung them up in my new closet.I can't remember the exact cost of the move but it was around $1000.  It was cheaper than other places that I contacted and the timing worked out well as it was right before a long weekend and some movers weren't available.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,8/4/2012,14,108,4,5,4>Another shoebox-shaped indie record store. Everytime I've visited Blackbyrd it's always been on a low-key Saturday afternoon. I can't imagine what this place must be like when it's busy because it is so cramped and narrow.Blackbyrd is similar to Listen Records & CDs in that they sell a lot of "indie" music. When I was there today they were playing some shoegazer, doom-and-gloom type stuff. I don't know what it was but it's probably taking the airwaves by storm over on CJSR FM88.  The Record Store Sub-culture is alive and well at Blackbyrd. Probably.Previous reviewers have mentioned that Blackbyrd's staff aren't very chatty. It's true, they don't seem that outgoing but I don't find that an issue. I'm not going there to socialize. Who cares?They have a larger selection of rock music than Listen does, which is cool. They also sell concert tickets for bands that you've never heard of. They have a white-board in the store to let you know what shows they sell tickets for but it's really high up on the wall and it looks like it's written in Arabic so you'll have to ask them anyway. I like that they keep in touch with their customers through Twitter and Facebook to let us know what has just arrived. They even post photos sometimes of their new stock before they put it on the shelves.It's kind of a hipster store. Record fans that like their rock & roll will know what I mean.My only real gripe about this place is the new release rack that they have by the front door. I was there mid-afternoon when the sun was beating through the front window and on to all of the records on this rack. I was eyeing the Stooges picture disc that they had but I opted not to buy it because I'm not interested in suntanned records. Don't Blackbyrd's staff know that heat is vinyl's worst enemy? Move the rack or pull the shades down please.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,8/3/2012,13,119,2,6,3>My wife and I learned about Soda Jerks from a Best Buy salesperson who was helping us with a purchase.  We wanted a recommendation for a nearby restaurant so we could grab supper while we waited for a laptop.The first thing we discovered is Soda Jerks has by far the largest soda menu in Edmonton.  Considering this restaurant caters to a 1950s style menu of sodas and hamburgers, I guess this should not be a surprise.I had one of the Big Kids milkshakes with some sort of alcohol in it.  Very tasty.  :)For my meal I chose the quesadillas.Over all a very high quality meal for a reasonable price.  Atmosphere is what I would describe as trendy.Wi-Fi is available though you need to ask for the security key.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,8/2/2012,44,93,3,4,4>Wow!  Real Belgium Waffles!  Very difficult to create an original Belgium waffle due to the ingredients, specifically a type of sugar that is required and only made in two factories in the world.  Well, Eva Sweet manages to do it and I love this little caboose that shows up at the 104 ST Market and often located on Jasper by 105 th street .Enjoy and relish the fact that Edmonton succeeds in housing some of the best in good eats.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,8/1/2012,34,76,6,9,6>Barber Ha is the kind of barber shop i've been trying to find for years. They of course only do mens cuts, and they do them well. I happen to have very curly and wavy hair, so that comes with it's own set of challenges to deal with. I have always had an extremely difficult time finding a barber who is skilled in dealing with my frizzy-fro, and usually end up settling for a barber that just cuts it so short that the curls are a non factor. Unfortunately, that's not a good look for me. Beth not only gave me a great cut, she did exactly what I had always wanted someone to help me do.... she worked WITH my hair instead of against it. She cut my hair in a way to make my style much more manageable, and showed me how I can keep it looking good every day without expert help. I usually hate my haircut for a few days afterwards until it grows in again, but I loved what Beth did right from the start and I'm still loving it a week later. My wife said it's the best haircut I've had ever. For $25 you get a basic cut, and post-cut shampooing. For $55 you can get a cut and a hot shave. Or for even more value, Barber Ha has a program called "The Legion" whereby you pay a yearly fee (I believe $278 but don't quote me on that) that gives you unlimited haircuts and neck trims for a year. Plus 20% off all product. Great deal for someone like me who needs some curl enhancing/ frizz reducing products to help tame the beast. I went in looking like Bob Ross, and left looking more like Colin Firth. You can't get a better endorsement than that.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2012,7/31/2012,14,141,6,6,3>Oh boy, I am a fan, this reminds of many stores back home (Scarborough, not India)! It's called India Bazaar, but it's an Indian, Carribean, and East African store. I was in the area and in search for some fresh roti which they had. It was $10 for 5 very large ones which was a bit expensive, and I don't think they were made with atta flour so they weren't as flavourful as I wanted them to be, but still much more tasty than you could expect from a frozen roti. They also sell dahl puri rotis for those so inclined.I browsed for a while looking for something else to grab and eventually decided on some okra and a pistachio kulfi. An interesting mix of items not to be found easily at any traditional grocery store. I went through their flour and spice section very slowly and there is a lot there to make me happy.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,7/30/2012,158,543,2,10,8>Had New Way Pizza again last night for the first time in ages! We don't live in Edmonton anymore so this is no longer our regular pizza joint but when visiting the in-laws we love to pick it up!I was happy to find that they FINALLY have a website:  newwaypizza.net which lists their unique pizzas!We ordered Hawaiian which did not disappoint the toddler and baby, too!  And for us grown ups, we tried the Beef Thai which was excellent!  Love their lean ground beef pizzas and as usual - not greasy at all!  The "spicy thai sauce" was mildly spicy and sweet.  I think it was a Thai Chili Sauce mixed with tomato - Very good!  So very happy to see New Way Pizza is still going strong!  Awesome pizza that won't leave you feeling weighed down and super nice staff!  If you live in the NE and haven't checked these guys out yet, you are missing out!
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2012,7/29/2012,31,99,,7,4>I have been visiting Chianti for as long as I can remember. It was my "super awesome" dream date location when I was in high school and now it's my "old reliable" pasta place.I love this place. They have renovated and taken over the whole main floor of the building to accommodate the large amounts of customers they get, which is nice because the wait for a table is considerably lessened. I love to come on Mondays or Tuesdays, because that's half off pasta night, which makes the experience even better.The pasta is homemade and always cooked perfectly. The service is considerably decent (not always perfect but never terrible) and the servers are always down to earth and friendly. My personal favorites are the Supremo (which is a cream curry sauce - so delicious) and also the Carbonara (not traditional carbonara, but still very good!!). I don't know. This place does italian differently and is definitely a very laid back, casual atmosphere, but I love it. The pastas are portioned huge, delicious, and never let me down. The service is always good (if you aren't happy with your meal - tell them! They do correct things!!!) and I love, love, love the rustic, homemade pasta. So good.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,7/27/2012,65,39,,6,3>Forget what you think you know about 97th Street.Brittany's Lounge was formerly located on Rice Howard Way. Now, Brittany's has moved to 97th Street right behind the Winspear. From the outside, you may not expect the warm interior and even warmer service. You're immediately welcomed and ushered into an atmosphere that is easily mistaken as a locals-only favourite belonging in San Fransisco.Brittany's prides itself on welcoming in artistic local acts such as a vaudeville couple, burlesque shows, spoken word, poetry readings, and local musical acts. Instead of charging cover, a silver treasure box sits open between the two bathrooms, and it's suggested that you drop a payment for the entertainment there.While we're on the topic of bathrooms, the owner, Brittany, knows that these are important. I can't speak for the mens, but the womens was spacious, clean, and had a simple elegance to it.The bar is well-stocked at Brittany's, and while there currently isn't a kitchen inside, there are plans to bring in paninis and tapas. However, through a partnership with their next door neighbours, the Early Bird Cafe, they have a small menu of food.All in all, I will definitely be back to Brittany's, and would love to see it in the evening, especially with one of the great local acts taking place.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,7/26/2012,49,125,,6,4>One of my absolute FAVORITE restaurants to go to for Chinese.. a little on the emptying your wallet side.. but consistently delicious. My family took me here on my birthday earlier this month and got all of my favorite dishes.. starting with peking duck.. the bird was very juicy and the skin was crisped to perfection... with the peking duck meal we got the lettuce wraps ($5 charge :( ) but they were definitely worth it ! I won't describe everything we got. but this place is not cheap.. the 8 of us ate for about $200.. but we did get QUITE a bit of food. One dish I will REALLY suggest though is a spicy beef tenderloin dish that has some kind of fried greens and cashew as the garnish, very delicious!This place is great for a big group... I wouldn't go with less then 4 people.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,7/25/2012,95,32,5,10,5>OK, hello, BEST SHOE STORE EVER...and I'll tell you why!Remember when...I've totally aged myself...you visited a shoe store and the salesperson sat across from you, measured your foot, put the shoe on your foot, commented about how to care for the shoe and also noticed and commented on the support you needed? Ya, I totally remember those days and have missed them tremendously.Shoes are an addiction to me. I am so ok with slapping down some hard money for quality shoes. What's even better is when you have a knowledgeable associate help you with your decision.Kunitz is totally that store. I have to be honest, I had no idea how long this store has been in Edmonton until the new Jasper ave location opened. AND I will also admit while walking by the store front window and seeing brands like Clarks and other comfortable shoes I was a bit turned off.Then one afternoon during a weak moment, I entered the store. There was ample room to walk around and explore. It's a very beautiful shop. I was asked if I need an assistance and I replied no, not yet. I was left to explore at my own pace. You will soon realize that Kunitz carries practical, high-quality, supportive foot wear for women and men. I am no longer able to strut down the street in stilettos without compromising by feet or back. I do a lot of walking and a lot of travel and I also enjoy looking fashionable.Upon further inspection you realize that the selection at Kunitz is awesome. They have a very ecco-European flair and I appreciate that, coupled with stellar foot wear knowledge.Guess what, I left that day with a beautiful pair of flat stylish Clark sandals, an invitation to bring a pair of orange suede shoes in for a free clean to demonstrate a product and was enticed by a pair of very cool looking shoes that I have not purchased yet, but continue to visit the store to make sure they are still there.I highly encourage you to check out Kunitz for specialty footwear, knowledgeable staff, AND most importantly excellent travel shoes!
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2012,7/24/2012,10,57,4,6,2>There are some things I love about Three Boars, and some things I wish would change. Here's to hoping that as they are still in their infancy, they will grow up to be amazing.The best things: the location! Three Boars is in a great neighbourhood full of eateries and neat things to do. I dream of doing a pint and plate hop up and down 109th stopping in at all the little places there for a snack and a drink. Three Boars is a great place to start, or end. Their drink list is amazing - imaginative cocktails, shandies and a killer beer list, with atleast six on tap at any given time. That wall o' whiskey might deserve a visitation again soon, too...The food is creative but not too weird. It's like home cooking, just tweaked a bit. If I had a visitor from outside of town or Canada, I would bring them here to try some of the best of what we offer - great pork, fresh produce and interesting vegetarian dishes. The things that irritate me a bit -Serving sizes. Would it really kill them to grill up another piece of toast for the mushroom and egg dish? It's like trying to scoop up the rest of your dip with one remaining chip. It just doesn't work. Main entrees are not main - I'd suggest starting with atleast three dishes for every two people. Everyone is going to want to try that thing you are going nuts over, so expect to share. It's definitely tapas or izakaya style, but not priced appropriately for ordering several plates, unless you do not mind dropping more than $70 for two people. Please PLEASE install hooks under the eating bar. The pile of coats and purses will kill you in the winter, and no one likes beer on their jacket. It's easy, and it's awesome. Better work flow for the bar. Other Yelpers complain about food being slow or being missed, but in our case, the drinks took forever. Even two pints of beer were pretty slow to come out. Why? The bar should be as streamlined as the kitchen when the focus is just as strong on the liquids as the solids. I'm excited to see the little piglets grow up into be amazing full grown boars.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,7/23/2012,36,173,2,3,2>The perfect candy store for people of all ages!  A huge selection of candy and silly nick knacks.  There is one item in particular that I have never found anywhere else and that keeps me coming back on a regular basis - PEANUT BUTTER WHOPPERS!!! :)  They seem to carry a number of those difficult to come by things.  The super high sales counter is cute...so everyone feels like a kid in a candy store...but I am pretty short so it's a little funny when I go to pay!!  The atmosphere is fun and inviting and the staff are pleasant and helpful.  They also tend to change it up in there regularly which is always interesting!  And of course there is the good old fortune teller dude - that crazy guy gets me every time!!
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,7/22/2012,49,120,,7,4>This place is definitely one of my favorite spots in Edmonton. My husband and I visited for the first time years ago when we were still living in Texas (it looked a lot different then...), and I still try to get back at least once a month, if not more often. There is so much to see here! Everything from clothes and furniture and books to everything in between. Some of the deals I've scored here include a nice recent model Fossil watch for $28, one of my favorite paperback books of all time ("Bobbed Hair and Bathtub Gin, Writers Running Wild in the '20s"), and a couple of kitschy necklaces I've gotten compliments on time and again. Start down below, and see the quaintness of the booths, including shabby chic ones, lots of cool old jewelry, and the furniture section in the back. And have an ice cream at the old-fashioned ice cream spot. One of my favorite pieces ever was a white 2-piece pantsuit from the 1960s that hung in the back that was all daisy appliques. Wish I had been a little thinner at the time. I would have bought that sucker in a minute. You could just see Barbara Parkins wearing that on Peyton Place back in the day. When you climb the stairs, you'll instantly meet Zoltar, an old-fashioned fortune telling machine, who introduces himself to you constantly. Upstairs is great if you're into sports memorabilia, action figures, or classic books (when you get up the stairs, turn to the right, and head to the back, where they have comfy chairs for you to browse at your leisure). Plus there are old National Geographics and other magazines near that. I'll mourn if this place ever closes. When I need inspiration for my writing (various historical stories....), I come in here, escape to another age, and let the ideas take form.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,7/21/2012,164,49,4,4,5>It's a good thing I live on the southside of the city, but Battista's has me considering moving up to 118th...Top 5 reasons to visit in no particular order1) The Pesto Chicken: scrumptions2) The Nutella Nutella Strawberry3) The friendly fantastic servers4) The big patio5) The Nutella Nutella Nutella StrawberryTasty. Great value. Great experience. Great servers. Great presence in the community too, sponsoring many different events.Fin.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2012,7/20/2012,30,54,,5,3>My friend's a foodie and this is her go to spot for meeting someone for a glass and a bite. And I see why. This wine bar has a modern but not sterile decor; wood paneling and dime lighting give it intimacy, while the long high granite tables give you luxurious space. I was there on a Wednesday so it wasn't busy--my roommate and I closed the place down when we left at 10:00pm.Can't comment too much on the food, since we didn't have much. I had a cheese and chutney appetizer and my roommate had a seafood pasta. Prices were on the lower end of the wine bars in town--not cheap but not unreasonable. My appetizer was good, nothing sharp (which I prefer). My roommate's dish on the other hand was fantastically creative. I only had a bit, but the combination of a variety of seafood, thick pasta, chickpeas, and a light creamy tomato sauce was addicting. There is a small selection of wines by the glass ($8-$9.5) and a larger selection of bottles. I'm not a wine connoisseur. I tried a few glasses of red and they were all great--ranging from light to bold and all interesting. There are also beers and other drinks.MRKT is a place for the people. Who like wine. And small $8 appetizers. I'll be back.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2012,7/19/2012,50,288,,4,2>I stopped here because I was in the neighbourhood, and I heard Elm was a pretty good coffee spot. I was a little surprised at how small the cafe is. There were a couple tables outside, and some seats at the window, but that was it. Elm Cafe doesn't really seem like the best option for me to sit down, have a coffee and "study" for school. It's a grab and go place, and that's okay. I grabbed a coffee to go, an Americano. They use 49th Parallel coffee, which I do enjoy. The service was friendly, and the coffee was good and strong. The lunch menu at Elm Cafe always sounds pretty good, but I was there well after lunch. One day I'll have to remember to come by a little earlier and try one of their sandwiches.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,7/18/2012,509,247,3,6,2>Our waitress (Sue) was awesome tonight and she made us feel very comfortable. The drinks were quickly poured, menu explained and she was very attentive to all our needs at the table. The mixology of drinks was great but kind of expensive.. The salads, appetizers and steaks ordered were to perfection. For the most part the meals we ordered were fantastic with exception of the braised ribs I had ordered. I would not recommend these overcooked and dry ribs to anyone. The kitchen did seem a might slow delivering the meals. The desserts were exceptional and nice presentations of all the meals.Overall a nice atmosphere and relaxing time. Yes, I would give this place another try.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2012,7/17/2012,10,29,5,3,4>This place reminds me of my hometown diner, so naturally I have to love it. From the picture frames that cover every inch of the wall, the vinyl booths, to the jukebox. This place has it all, including an airplane wing. True story. Check it out.The waitresses here are nice, attentive and generally busy, but they always make sure your coffee is filled to the brim. They serve all-day breakfast and they're open until 11pm. Yeah, it's that kind of establishment, where you spent all night out and woke up to miss Breakfast at some other diner...which is stupid, because you should have just come here in the first place. The milkshakes here are awesome (and also huge - consider sharing...but don't actually). There are burgers chicken-fingers, soup of the days, and potatoes galore (hashbrowns or fries). I'm not a hashbrown fan, but french fries are my homies. Did I mention all day breakfast? French Toast, Eggs Bennie, and Pancakes. Also, meals usually range from $10-$15 a person, and usually there are leftovers.AND if you're still hungry after all of that food, there's pies and other desserts in the display case.*The only thing that really bothers me about this place is if you asked for poutined fries, they'll put (lets pretend you ordered) a grill cheese on the plate all lonely-like, and then on a SEPERATE plate a huge stack of heavenly poutine. Why not just conserve valuable table space, dishes anddd trips from the kitchen and put it alll on the SAME PLATE!?That's really all only problem I can think of, and it isn't even that big of a deal.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,7/16/2012,18,228,2,4,3>Trying to live gluten free never tasted so good!  Curtis and I were in a burger mood and found ourselves standing in front of Delux Burger Bar on Bourbon St at WEM.  I was a little worried about eating bread, since lately it seems to be making me sick, but then I saw that you can order your burger on a gluten free bun!  The heavens opened and angels sang.  They asked if I had celiac disease, which I'm not actually sure I have, so they said they could prepare it specially as if I did have celiac disease.  They cooked my chicken on a pan, separated from other foods.  They made sure not to add anything that would contain gluten products.  It was an excellent burger, and the bread didn't make me sick!  Curtis ordered the Delux burger along with a half order of onion rings, which he loved.  The half order of rings and fries (which I had) where very filling, we couldn't finish everything.  For a to-go meal it was good money for good food.  We would have eaten at a different "fast-food" place and paid less but the quality and gluten free food would have been scarified.  Delux is a great place place to sit down and eat in with friends or even to take your order to go and eat a fantastic meal in the comfort of your own home while watching Dexter (Curtis and I are on a Dexter binge right now).  Over all, great day.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2012,7/14/2012,89,141,6,22,4>Due to the massively good Yelp reviews and also recommendations from friends that aren't on Yelp, my sister and I decided to go to the Beauty Parlour to get our locks lopped off. For me, it was about time, as my overly long hair had become unmanageable and relegated to a pony-tail status on a regular basis.It's a little hard to find because they are situated on the second floor above a Vespa dealership. Kind of like Harry Potter's 1/2 station, you just magically find a door smooshed between businesses. However, just like magic, you open the door and the concrete behind you melts away to reveal a warm, wooden staircase.I call the interior design "grandma chic" -- kinda like visiting a really really stylish old lady's house with antique detailing, wood, and flowers. Very cool and inviting! Seating area is also very stylish, and reminded me more of a restaurant lounge area rather than just a seating area to wait for your stylist.I had Stephanie, who I essentially gave vague instructions about wanting the majority of my length cut off, and that I was thinking of side bangs, maybe layers. Somehow, despite the vagueness of that, Stephanie was able to expertly shape my hair into something super stylish! Another thing I LOVED was the fact that she suggested a new part for my hair -- normally, other stylists just kind of use my natural part or if they ask about it, I shrug (I'm not an expert) and then they don't assert their opinion. When my shrug eventually came, instead of cowing, Stephanie made a part where she thought would be attractive and suggested it to me -- which was the right choice! It looks so much better with my bangs there!I also have to say, I was super super impressed with how she blended my layers.They also have a complimentary 15 minute touch up to your bangs/hair edges 3-4 weeks after your hair cut to help fix anything or just touch it up! Awesome.I will be back AND recommending the Beauty Parlour to many more soon.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,7/13/2012,115,132,3,3,3>Lanna Thai is quaint but authentic. The decor is lacking but not because they're not trying. They do the best with what they have. I actually came here when they first opened late last year but wanted to go again before writing a review.I ordered the Khao Soi soup and I was very impressed. The flavor was great and there was a lot of chicken. I should say that I was in a rush and when I told the owner she definitely accommodated me. I came in at the same time as a couple and when the owner came to great us she asked if it was for 3 and we all laughed and said no. Once she realized we were separate there was an awkward moment when she asked if I was waiting for others and I said it was just me. The reason I'm taking away a star is because of the bathroom. There was a really weird smell and it felt damp. I was going to play soccer afterwards so I had to change into my gear and it was not a pleasant experience (not that changing in any public bathroom is pleasant).All in all I would definitely come back to Lanna but make sure I don't need to visit the facilities.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,7/12/2012,35,96,3,5,2>From '95 until 2002, I went to Mickey's for my haircuts, but then I moved two hours from Edmonton and only made it back on weekends.  Because he is so busy on weekends, I spent the next 8 years trying to find someone else who could work magic on my 'do.  A few months back, after almost a decade away, I was able to make it back to Mikey's.  He sat me down in the chair, took one look at me and said, "I don't recognize your face, but I recognize your hair" and then he proceeded to tell me in detail exactly how I used to get my hair cut (3 on top blended into a 2 on the sides and back)....very impressive!  I'm moving back to e-town and will be a regular at Mickey's again.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,7/11/2012,97,490,3,7,5>Al Salam is a cavernous room that is part family restaurant, part bakery, part takeout place, part deli, and part grocery store. It's an emporium for the south side's Arab community, with Al Jazeera on TV and a number of Arab delicacies.We (Aditya R., Sarah, and I) arrived famished and exited very full, thanks to Al Salam's delicious platters - served with rice, fattoush salad, garlic sauce, hummus, and Al Salam's homemade salad. Aditya and I both opted for a combo plate with kefta (beef mixed with cumin, paprika, minced onion, coriander and parsley) kabab and a chicken kabab. My general impression of chicken kababs is that they are traditionally dry and poorly spiced, but this kabab changed it. The chicken was juicy and expertly spiced. The kefta delivered as always. Both went well with Al Salam's garlic sauce, which is essentially aioli with a little bit of sour cream.The fattoush salad was a great component of the plate as well, with a tart, pungent dressing with lots of lemon and lots of garlic.The real highlight was the pita bread, which was freshly baked on premises in the morning. It's a delight to see the puffed up, thin pita arrive on your table and eat some with Al Salam's fresh hummus.The falafel, which Sarah ordered, was a bit salty on its own, but tasted great when wrapped in the unsalted pita. The texture was spot on, crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside. And thankfully, it wasn't one of those falafels that instantly broke into a million little pieces once you bit into it - it flattened more into a paste.If you like garlic, make sure to check out Al Salam.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,7/10/2012,25,260,3,4,3>Been going here for years (started sometime in high school) and it hasn't changed a bit in quality since I left.  Awesome improv on Friday and Saturday night and tickets are a steal for 2 hours of entertainment.  Rapid Fire Theatre is the best - love the Whose Line is it Anyways game style that they use.Just went here to see two shows for the Improvaganza Festival (Wednesday - Opening Night and Saturday - Rapid Fire Theatre and The Gentleman's Club).  Tickets were $10 and $15 respectively, worth every penny. Go while you still can! Perfect for a date or hang out with friends.Plus they have cheap drinks and candy (twizzler/nibs).
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2011,7/9/2012,85,580,3,5,4>Great little gelato and chocolate shop that will surely not disappoint! The gelato servings may look small but they pile it on for you, so it's like you're getting double the size you asked for. The gelato is packed with flavour as well, with a beautiful, juicy melt-in-your-mouth texture. I highly recommend either the mango or raspberry!They also have resuable styrofoam containers in different sizes which you can fill up, eat your way through, and bring back to refill with more. A clever and green idea which I love.The owner is also a chocolatier and you'll see chocolates of all shapes and sizes. Delectable truffles in various flavour combinations and fun chocolate creations for special occasions, great ideas for gifts. I even saw a nativity scene made from chocolate ... The owners are friendly and hardworking folks who really love and take care of their business. I will definitely be back to support them!
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/8/2012,7/8/2012,187,341,3,6,4>I used to come here a lot back in the day when it was Stars. I've been here a couple of times recently, both times for Mad Bomber Society shows. It's definitely a lot nicer (not as grungy) as it used to be. Thank god they took out the carpet. Who has carpet in a bar?! It's pretty big, but there's not a lot of seating so you'll be standing a lot unless you get there early. The dance floor area really bothers me. There's the stage, then the dance floor, and then this weird counter/belly bar with stools that really gets in the way. I can just envision someone falling and smacking their head on that thing. I myself once got a nasty bruise on my back from slipping into it. The dance floor is also kind of bouncy, so that's weird. I suppose drinks are priced in the average range. I had a bottle of Strongbow once and it was like $6.75. Yikes. There are two bars, so presumably you can get a drink faster. The girls behind the counter taking tickets are usually nice. Coat check for $2 makes things easier in the winter. They seem to have a lot of security people and security measures in place, which is nice, but sometimes weird. If you're a smoker, you're only allowed outside for 5 minutes. If it's longer than that you have to wait in line again. I guess they don't want you going and drinking somewhere else?All in all, a decent place for shows and good DJs. There are always lots of bands coming through here.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2012,7/7/2012,14,82,3,7,4>There has been some discussions about this restaurant on Yelp lately and I wanted to see what the fuss was about. It is my bff's 30th birthday this week, so I wanted to take her somewhere different for her birthday.We arrived around 5:40 on a Wednesday and the restaurant was empty. We were promptly greeted & seated and started to drool over the menus. Both of us tried the Turkish Tea (sour cherry) and it was so delicious. The appetizer was the Instanbul Special Calamari...and yes, it is liquid gold. The leftover sauce came in really handy as we had ordered the platter which comes with various Turkish meats/kebabs, salad and dolmades. With the platter you also get dessert - we both tried the baklava. The pieces were small, but honestly, I couldn't eat much more! There was still enough food leftover to make a 'lunch' meal for my friend to take. The food was served quickly, tasted great, and we both found our server to be extremely friendly.We've decided we'll be back!
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,7/6/2012,220,814,2,4,4>The Balloon Gang is definitely the right place to go if you need balloons for decorations, special events, gifts, or any other occasion. I go here to purchase balloons used to twist into shapes and animals. The owner is very friendly and knows his craft. Sometimes the store is closed during normal business hours because the staff are out decorating or delivering - best to call first before heading over.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2011,7/5/2012,78,111,4,5,5>Great place for a relaxing yoga class that still makes you work up a sweat!The class was well lead, with the added bonus of two assistant instructors who move throughout the room adjusting postures and offering advice. The style is Savatta - it takes a lot from Ashtanga but moves at a slower pace, allowing you more time to get into the postures properly (a definite plus in my book). One thing I really liked was how FRIENDLY everyone was - not just the staff, but the students too. Everyone was hugging each other before the class started, and very open in approaching me (a complete newbie) to say hi and welcome me to the class! There is definitely a lot of positive energy here! The space is very clean and smells nice, and the room is heated, but not enough as to make you uncomfortable. The only drawback was that the instructor doesn't show that many of the moves, vs telling you what position to move into (involving a lot of watching the other students). I think this is because this class has been going on for a while, and I've dropped in on it, but it means that the class I went to (all level Savatta) certainly isn't for someone without Ashtanga experience. However, there are also beginner/intro classes available, and a freestyle class that allows you to work on refining the postures at  your own speed, if you haven't done Ashtanga before. I think I'll be checking them out too to figure out how to do the advanced moves!
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2011,7/4/2012,35,101,4,4,4>First off, let me warn everyone not to order the large calzone unless you plan on sharing it.With a small army.My co-workers and I were looking for a new place that is open late-ish, and was willing to deliver.  I stumbled across Pete's, and since we work in the west end it seemed to be the perfect solution.  One partner ordered the regular calzone, the other one ordered the cheese bread, and I opted for the large calzone.Delivery was quick, the price was reasonable, and the food smelled fantastic.  Then I opened the box.I swear, this was the first time in my life that I have ever been intimidated by food.It was huge.  HUGE, I TELL YOU!!!  It took me three sittings to polish it off, and I've got a fairly healthy appetite.The second time we ordered from Pete's, we didn't realize how close it was to closing time, but the staff went out of their way to take the order and deliver the food.  Pure class, in my opinion.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2012,7/3/2012,31,151,,6,1>Made a last-minute reservation for 4 on a recent Saturday night after looking for somewhere new to try in the downtown area. Was a little hard to find as I had never been to the old Tesoro Cafe, so I didn't know that the entrance was just off a walkway in the buildings. The restaurant is clean and modern, and set up to be an upscale restaurant.The waiter was nice and knowledgeable despite being very young-looking. We split four appetizers: the charcuterie board, which had a delicious wild boar mortadella, duck prosciutto (which wasn't very duck-y at all), lardo (yum), and pickled peppers; goat ricotta cakes which were nice and crispy; an arugula-beet salad with pistachios and a delicious truffled vinaigrette, and the best appetizer which was a fried quail's egg on a large seared diver scallop laid over a slice of prosciutto with truffle shavings. The scallop was perfectly cooked and large enough to split three ways, and all the flavours were just awesome together. Especially the truffle shavings - which is why it came with a steep $17 price tag. But totally worth it.For the mains, they were out of the braised beef cheeks that I so desperately wanted to try. The menu isn't huge and we all wanted to try something different so it limited my choices a bit. I ended up ordering the oxtail ravioli - 5-6 large ravioli (possibly homemade pasta) filled with unctuous, beefy oxtail. Delish. My fiancé ordered the pork chop, which was a thick bone-in cut - he loved it but the sauce had a little bit of that sweet barbeque sauce taste to it, which I don't really like. One of our dining companions ordered the osso bucco, which came with a fried piece of bone marrow - nice contrasting textures. The least impressive dish was the carbonara-sauce pasta - it was good but not extraordinary.No desserts for us, and I'm not sure what the bill come out to but I bet it wasn't very cheap (including a bottle of red wine). I did like the atmosphere - there were two large tables of customers towards the back and a few other diners around us, and the food was overall quite good. But if they aren't going to be switching up the menu frequently, I'm not sure that I will go back since we tried pretty much every dish that I wanted to (except for the beef cheeks!). I still recommend it though!
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,7/2/2012,24,223,4,6,3>Okay, I went back with my mom and ended up getting my dress from the wonderful consultant that I worked with! She was. once again, super patient with me, and let me take as much time as I needed. She asked questions to help guide me towards which dress I wanted, no matter which one it was going to be, this one, or the one at David's. She knew exactly what I had tried on, and was great with measurements when the time came (even though I was wearing a super padded bra). I got a 50% discount on my great pillbox headpiece and was able to order one in brand new. I'm so happy with the gown I picked! My mom thinks it's adorable that I still twirl around in dresses like I was five years old, but that's never really stopped. This shop is small, but that have things for every budget, and a really great range of styles and super consultants. They also have an in house seamstress, but you're not obligated to get your alterations done there. I can't wait for it to come in so I can see it in the white and see it with my shoes! A+!
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,7/1/2012,79,38,1,7,3>I had a really fun double date night here last month. The service was perhaps a touch lacking (took a lot of effort to flag down the server even while the restaurant was not busy). That said, the fun food, extensive beverage list, and intimate setting would draw me back.My wine was so so so good - the Petit Petit (Brittany we should celebrate our love for this bottle together.. over a bottle). The menu had poor formatting - I know, WHO puts this in a review, but it actually did contribute to some confusion in my sister's entree selection. The cozy atmosphere of the Bothy would make for a nice private party. The location isn't bad, not too far from Old Strathcona. The menu is small, in a good way. Solid choices without being overwhelming. Decent charcuterie selection (it's really not so popular in Edmonton for being a lovely snacky, sharing sort of food), and the server was able to make recommendations (although this doesn't redeem ignorance of empty drinks).
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2012,6/30/2012,40,61,,3,5>It's All Greek to Me is a wonderful dining experience in summer - when the weathers nice outside, it can be quite calming to people watch, and eat good food.  Typically, I swing by when I'm in the area and need something to eat.  As noted by many, the service is great here - the Greek waitresses are lovely and attentive, and always have a smile on their face.  Also as noted, the decor is a bit tacky - though it is nice to see pictures of the different areas of Greece, newspaper clippings, and the like.  The chalkboard with common Greek pronunciation in the entry way is a nice touch as well.  My biggest gripe about eating here is that there isn't much room between tables compared to most restaurants.  Not their fault (though one wonders if a re-org wouldn't help), but if someone has a child running around, it could be rather uncomfortable.So what can you expect if you go here?  I would say simple Greek food made very well - it shines for lunches, but will not hold up to five star restaurants.  Portion sizes are generous, especially for the price.  I'm a big fan of the Stuffed Pepper, although if you come with a group new to Greek food, they have a large "sample" platter with everything from calamari to spinach pastry.The complimentary rice pudding deserves a special mention - its great, and something I look forward to every time I visit.So, where does it fall short of the mark?  Well, the menu is definitely on the small side (there's a total of four main courses) - and that definitely holds it back from a higher rating.  This locale is also quite popular for casual business meetings - if you visit, I recommend avoiding the lunch hour rush.  Also, if you're driving, keep in mind this restaurant is located along a one-way street - getting there can be a pain if you aren't familiar with the area.  It may be best to park at city center and just walk from there.If you enjoy (or are curious about) Greek food, have roughly an hour (food typically took 1/2 hour or less to be prepared), and are looking for a casual meal, you'll enjoy yourself here.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,6/29/2012,14,55,,3,3>Just a block south of Whyte Ave, Taiwan Bubble Zone offers what you'll expect: bubble tea. The place is quite dark and had more of a bar-like feeling to it. They have a lot of seating along the side along with some board games to play with if you're eating in. They do have an extensive menu of flavours though felt overwhelming because I had to look again since I forgot what I was ordering in the first place. Even though I was in a bit of a rush, my strawberry bubble tea was made very quickly. Overall, it tasted pretty good, not the best thing I had but still refreshing to drink when you're very thirsty.For $4, you can't go wrong with the price so I'll definitely be back to try out more of their stuff.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,6/28/2012,16,45,,10,4>As a long time dweller of 127th street and a Vietnamese food fanatic, Pho Du is my go-to place for vermicelli. The inside is extremely clean, modern, and lets in a ton of natural light. The owner and the woman that's always at the front are extremely friendly and eager to please. And, well, the food....it's fantastic. Everything tastes flavorful and fresh! Meat and springrolls aren't charred to death like a lot of other places.When Pho Du first opened I immediately became a regular and the owner would often sit with me and ask me what I found good and bad about his establishment and what I would change and leave the same. I was extremely flattered that he was genuinely interested in what I had to say and that he even bothered to asked me at all! I was further impressed that he actually took some of my suggestions! It's really great to know that some restaurants value customer opinions and put their needs first.I have been to dozens of Vietnamese Food restaurants (I love them so!) and Pho Du is definitely #1 on my list!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2011,6/27/2012,155,209,,4,4>It is not very often that you can say a business is good for you.  Not just good for you nutritionally (which is difficult to say in a lot of restaurants), but truly GOOD for you.  For your mind, your body, and your soul.  Noorish is holistic in that way, and I can say with much happiness that I think I have found my home. My fiance and I decided to check out Noorish for lunch today.  We have driven past the building many many many times in the last couple months and have been eagerly anticipating its opening.  It was well worth the wait.  This place is BEAUTIFUL.  In concept, in design, in taste - in its very essence.  This place is doing EVERYTHING right.  When you walk in, you are greeted by a friendly host who will take you to a sturdy wood table, the window bar, or one of the bench seats.  After you order, there is a retail section full of books, food and plant extracts to look at.  The music is soft and modern, the servers are so friendly, and the space is the kind of place you could sink into and stay a while with a good book or some good company.  We ordered a berry smoothie to split which was full of all kinds of good stuff and truly delicious.  My fiance had the chickpea burger and moroccan salad.  Both were un-be-liev-able.  I stole most of it (poor man).  I ordered the Buddha Bowl (Thai Curry with lots of veggies and quinoa) which was also delicious, and which I also ate most of.  My poor fiance got his revenge though when we split two Superfood Balls for dessert, of which I only got one bite.  After lunch we wandered downstairs to check out the yoga studio.  They have some great "Grand Opening" specials on right now.  One is for one month unlimited yoga for $100 plus one infrared sauna session.  I plan on taking full advantage of this!  We walked out feeling full, but not heavy, and very very nourished in our bellies and our souls.  The intention behind this business is enough to keep us going back over and over again, however the food and service just seals it for us.  My fiance just started eating vegetarian so it is exciting for both of us to see places that we can go have a meal without just having to order salad.  Veggie/vegan/raw food is something that can be truly delicious and Noorish definitely proves that.  As we got back to the car, it was declared that we will probably be regulars, and that if they had apartments for rent we would probably take one as we will likely be unofficially living there anyway!
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2012,6/26/2012,13,51,,5,2>Love Mexican food, but haven't known where to get my Mexican food fix in Edmonton. Found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try. The best and most important part first: the food was excellent! I started out with flautas and chose enchilada with mole as my main dish, and I was very pleased with everything. My friends got some El Salvadoran meat dishes and were also very happy with their food. I'm pretty sure many others share our opinion about the food. The fact is, this place has absolutely no ambiance, the room was too bright, and it was a little chilly in there (wonder why they wouldn't just dim the lights a bit and put up a few things on the walls...?). In addition, they didn't have several of the items on the menu. In other words, I don't see any reason why people would go to this place other than for the food. And the food has to be  pretty great given how busy they were on a regular Wednesday night...!
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,6/25/2012,27,18,4,5,5>I love the starlight room. The atmosphere is great for live shows and DJs. The building is basically split into three stages. Starlight is the large main one. Temple is the room facing Starlight, and Brixx is downstairs.Starlight is great for larger shows. Very sweaty, great sound, good stage. I've had some of the best times of my life there. Yes it has a sloping floor. If you're too drunk to handle it you should probably go home anyway...Temple's stage is only big enough for a DJ performance, but it's a very intimate, fun experience. There is a pillar right in the middle of the dance floor which is kind of annoying.Brixx is actually a restaurant, but has a passable stage there too. Sometimes you'll find three different shows going on at once which I think is pretty cool.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2011,6/24/2012,44,18,,5,3>Habesha is a solid Ethiopian restaurant on Edmonton's burgeoning 118th avenue.  A wide menu selection, the kitfo (raw meat) with cheese and spice was very tasty, although I prefer a more crumbly texture.  Well recommend the lamb tibs, spinach, and vegetable dishes.  The injera is well made and not too sour.  I enjoyed the Habesha spice tea, and the availability of Tusker and Castle beers are a nice touch.  The presence of hookah is hard to complain about in what is in part a hookah bar, although the sweet aroma can be a bit overwhelming.Two shortcomings: 1) the restaurant is a bit sparse in atmosphere and African decoration, following instead a modern bistro design.  While this is a valid choice, the restaurant lacks somewhat in mood, made worse by two large flat-screen televisions showing sports. 2) I miss the Ethiopian tradition of a server coming around with water and a bowl before and after the meal, allowing one to cleanse one's right eating hand.  This gesture speaks both to tradition, and to the practical reality of eating food with one's hand and injera.  Nevertheless, a strong restaurant worth checking out.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,6/23/2012,20,40,,6,4>If you were looking for that hidden gem where you can get processed meat pressed into a log, cooked on an upright spit, and then shaved into thin strips using a meat planer. Well, now you have found it.It is a small location with less than 10 tables. They are friendly and the donairs are excellent. If you order the super donair, you will not go hungry. I find the regular to be more than big enough with a ton of meat in it. The super is "Ginormous"! For those checking, yes Ginormous is a word!It is well worth your west end time to stop in and check out the station!
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2011,6/22/2012,56,221,5,5,3>The shop is really clean and real bright. The owner is very friendly and helps out when he can. Theres also interesting people that work there never had a dull moment. I like when the hairdresser can keep up a good convesation. In fact my profile pic haircut was done here. I really like this place and find it cheap...plus thrs this red head there grrrrrrrrrrrr;)
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,6/21/2012,32,106,1,11,3>I was very excited to see that Crepe Symphony had opened a week ago. There was little fanfare and despite the fact that I live around the corner, I had no idea that it was in operation! It's great to see 100A St. getting more lively and inviting. I popped in for a take-out lunch today and was pleased! The girl behind the counter was extremely friendly and conversational. The crepes came out of the kitchen in under 5 minutes. The decor of the cafe is clean, warm and friendly. Free samples of their yummy desserts were offered at the till.As for my lunch: I tried the chicken and mushroom crepes. They were very tasty and I could see myself coming in again for a light meal, especially over hectic lunch hours. The crepes themselves were perfectly made: soft and fluffy. They were filled with chicken breast, mushrooms and topped with swiss cheese. The pickles that were served along side were delicious too. A dill-like creamy sauce accompanied the crepes, and proved to be a nice compliment to the dish.Having skimped on breakfast, I found that the portion size (2 crepes) left me a wee bit hungry afterward. However, this could easily be mitigated next time by ordering soup, etc. with the crepes, or even having a scoop of gelato for dessert.The price point was reasonable ($9) and I'll absolutely be coming in again. Crepe Symphony is a great little addition to the neighbourhood.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,6/20/2012,53,82,4,6,2>I've been going to Prime Fitness almost weekly since March 2011. My trainer, Carrie, has not only helped me to lose weight and get stronger (I've dropped over 20 lbs as of this writing), but her incredibly positive and supportive attitude has kept me honest with her and myself about my own health and fitness.Prime Fitness has two fitness rooms -- one is more like a room you'd do spin classes in, and the other is a gym, with free weights, a few treadmills and a cable machine. You don't go into Prime to just use their equipment; you go there to work with a trainer every time. It may feel a little pricey, at over $60 a session, but it's worth it.Not only do the trainers here work your butt off when you're in the gym, but they'll setup a whole fitness plan for you, and give you homework to complete based on your goals. One of my goals is to run a 10K this month, and so Carrie has created a plan for me that involves running a few times a week, and strength training at a gym once a week, on top of my appointments with her.The results speak for themselves, and I have zero regrets working with Carrie at Prime Fitness Studios. Next goal will be a half marathon, and I'm sure Carrie with thoroughly enjoy whipping me into shape for that.If you need a push to get fit, whatever you health goals, consider the super-friendly and unintimidating Prime Fitness Studios.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,6/19/2012,32,60,,4,4>I passed by here on after running a errand after school and i had to come pick up some food here. Like always, i don't think ill ever be disappointed by this restaurant, service is sooo nice, food is very tasty and they give very generous amounts. I ordered the pad thai today, it cost $10.45 it is a bit pricey but with the amount of meat (chicken and shrimp) that was put into my noodles, i'd say i got my moneys worth. The noodles are very well cooks, lots of flavour, not oily like other asian style noodles, for some reason after eating these noodles it just gives me a good feeling. So its like comfort food, it fills you up and keeps you good till your next meal.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,6/18/2012,65,170,4,6,5>Wow!  I can't believe that I haven't reviewed Dadeo before now, seeing as it was one of the very first restaurants in Edmonton we tried, dining there on our trip to discern whether or not we would actually move to this fair city.  In fact, if I am honest, I must confess that finding a decent Cajun restaurant this far from Louisiana assured this Texan gal that perhaps Alberta wasn't the end of the earth after all, and in some way, may have influenced our decision to move here.I love this place.  I find the decor charming, the wait staff friendly, the busy-ness invigorating, and the food pretty darn good.  All of the appetizers I've tried have been really good, especially the fritters.  The po-boys are outstanding; I particularly like the fried oyster and the eggplant parmesan.  The veggie combo is excellent, as are the seafood and veggie jambalayas.  Oh, and let's not forget the desserts.  The bread pudding is quite good, on par with some of the best in Edmonton.  And oh my goodness, the bananas foster is quite the treat, but only order this if you have a group and if you are really willing to splurge on your diet.  It's a once in a decade dish!  Of course, I cannot forget the beer.  I adore the Alley Kat chili lager, brewed especially for Dadeo and only available in the restaurant.No minors are allowed, so I will need to head back there soon, before a little minor makes his debut.  But alas, being pregnant, I won't be able to drink the lager.  I guess that as soon as the little tyke is old enough, I'll just have to get a babysitter and make my way to Dadeo.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2011,6/17/2012,292,404,,9,4>I'm glad that this block of Whyte ave has somehow remained primarily small business  driven.  It's probably that last beacon of hope!  Coral de Cuba recently opened and I had to opportunity to make it with a few friends, amongst which was my friend Cuban friend Henry.  As a thoroughbred, mid 30s Cuban, Henry's strong nod for this place makes me think it's close to authentic. I enjoyed the food I ate.  For under $10, one can choose from 3 entree sized servings of meat (grilled chicken, shredded beef or pork ribs) served with a generous side of black beaned rice and a salad.  The chicken was succulent and came easily off the bone - a great sign! The beef was very tasty and juicy, another good sign.  The pork ribs looked good, but I didn't get to try it. All in all, the afternoon was enjoyed with a decent size of protein served with delicious rice and beans.  Apart from the 3 entree items, they have some cold cut sandwiches that seem to have a bit of a Cuban feel to them.  I also had a peek at the desserts in their refrigerator.  Looked delish. The best part about this place is that they have salsa (dance) nights on Saturdays.  With professionally looking lighting and speakers, though not exceptionally expensive looking, the room explodes with salsa music, laughs, cheer and all round drunken happiness when one walks by on a Saturday evening. A decent list of cafe items like nibbles and coffees along with 3-4 desktops, this place has the multiply connected feel of internet cafe, salsa club, authentic restaurant and casual Whyte ave walk-in cafe.  Come here for any of the above or simply for a Cuban coffee! Yes, they serve them and indeed that coffee is spiked!
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2011,6/16/2012,12,62,,6,3>Five stars for authenticity! I love the green caps, and the pudding milk tea is really good too, but my favourite thus far is the royal milk tea. It's just like the ones that you get in Taiwan. The cakes are yummy as well, especially the melting gold flavour. I feel like this is kind of a hidden gem because of the location (behind Sabzy) but it's really a great place to go. Everything is tasty and reasonably priced to boot (about $4.00 - $5.00 for drinks, and $2.00 - $4.00 for a pair of cakes)!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,6/15/2012,5,51,2,7,2>I just moved to Edmonton and needed to get the ducts and vents cleaned at the house I moved into. Both my real estate agent and home inspector recommended Alberta Furnace Cleaning, so I opted to try them. I was very impressed with their service. Not only did they respond quickly to my website inquiry, but they called to confirm in advance of my appointment. Plus, the actual guys who came to clean the ducts were very nice, and explained everything in detail. They also wore booties on their feet so as not to dirty my floors. After the cleaning was done, I received a call from the office to confirm everything went well and was asked a few survey questions. I liked that they took the time to make sure I was satisfied and asked my opinion about their service. All in all, great company and great service!  I would highly recommend.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2011,6/14/2012,14,39,4,4,3>I was impressed by the Sicilian Pasta Kitchen. The food, service, and decor were tasty, speedy, and tasteful respectively.I had the Mediterranean Fettucini and it came with a riot of ingredients that presumably are Mediterranean in origin (olives, shrimp, artichoke). The serving size was large; I have quite a bit left over for lunch tomorrow.I shared bruschetta and it was fine. A three-year-old who doesn't like tomatoes liked the bruschetta, for what it's worth.The bread, on the other hand, was a bit disappointing. It seemed like a store bought roll, it wasn't warm, and the butter came in those little plastic packs. The three-year-old enjoyed stacking the butter containers, for what it's worth.There was a full bar, but since I was eating with some younger cousins I endeavoured not to get s**t faced, so I can't speak to the quality of the drinks.I will return.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,6/13/2012,45,119,,3,3>I've been to this little strip mall area dozens of times to go to BPs, Michaels and Bulk Barn but just found out that this place existed, because of a tip from a friend. The restaurant is very clean and has a nice bright atmosphere. I've now been there twice. The first time I had #20 which is beef in a satay broth. I'd never had it before and didn't know what to expect, but I was very impressed. I really liked the peanuts in it. I had no idea what the satay broth was and I didn't expect tomatoes to be in it, but there were! I think I like it better than regular pho broth, so I'll be back for that again.The second time I had #11 which was shrimp and beef in a sour beef broth. I liked it too, but the satay was better.Service was prompt and they even came by to ask if we were enjoying our meals, which doesn't usually happen at pho places.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,6/12/2012,12,34,7,13,10>All Day Monday and Tuesday, Chianti's features over 40 pastas to choose from and for just $8.99. This is great if you are not yet sure you will enjoy the restaurant (food, atmosphere, location, etc.) and are on a budget.My first time at Chianti's was back in January -- I went with my daughter and her boyfriend, who absolutely love this place -- and it was quite a lovely evening. We went to the North side location at 13712 40 street. Plenty of parking at this location, and it is free. I ordered the Fettuccine, Du Chef, which is prepared with spinach noodles, smoked salmon, mushrooms, and cream and pesto and was disappointed to find out I don't care for the taste of smoked salmon. Who knew? Certainly not I, who eats salmon almost daily, but that is just straight out of the can. Lol. Anyways, our server was quite concerned when he saw that I hadn't eaten my main dish, but I reassured him I was the problem, not the dish. The server offered to take away that dish and have me order another dish at no extra cost, but again, the dish was scrumptious for those who enjoy smoked salmon, so I kept it to take home to my bf, who quite enjoyed it. He loves smoked salmon. The pasta is made fresh, and you can taste that in every bite. Each of our dishes was brought to us hot and with a smile. Portion sizes were large and filling, so we all ended up taking leftovers home. Our server was just fantastic. He was prompt, friendly, attentive, and all about making the customer feel welcome and happy. The atmosphere was cozy, welcoming, and had an Italian feel to it. I also like that they offer whole wheat or gluten-free pasta for a wee extra cost ($1.25). Even more awesome is that they are involved within our own community; through their kids menu, they raise funds to support the Stollery Children's Hospital). I will definitely be returning to Chianti's.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2012,6/11/2012,14,139,,3,3>This is definitely a good Italian restaurant that makes high quality food with extremely fresh ingredients. Everything I had was really good (we had a big group so I tried a lot of different things), the drinks I ordered were great, and the service was top notch. The only thing I didn't like was the decor, but it is a family owned and operated restaurant so as you would expect, it was almost like you were in someone's home. If you're going at peak times, its probably best to make a reservation.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,6/10/2012,19,49,3,5,3>I have trouble giving 5 Stars to any restaurant. For me, it's more than just the food... it's a value proposition. I can eat until I pass out here whether it is for dinner or lunch. The Singapore Laksa really is a stand out dish, it's got everything - soup, egg, shrimp, chicken, tofu. bean sprouts, and fills you up for $10. Some other great dishes are the Satays (skewers of pork, beef, or lamb with a satay peanut sauce). the roti canai, and sambal bunchies. If you're in the mood for curry and Chinese... Tropika brings a great mix.As a nerd, nothing makes me happier than the free WiFi.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2012,6/9/2012,10,54,,5,4>I loved the Highlands Kitchen! Their pyrohy  were great! other guests with me loved the borscht & other dishes. They were incredibly accommodating and were willing to provide "side" sizes of bigger items.Our waitress was very friendly and very funny. I found it quite chilly- there was something hanging by the door to keep the cold out, but since it is so small, every time the door opened we froze!Although I may wait for warmer weather I will definitely be back.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,6/8/2012,81,166,5,9,4>The Untitled Bookshop makes the librarian in me swoon. Even though my field is exemplified by taking books and organizing them systematically, I absolutely love the scattered chaos of this store. It represents the ultimate treasure hunt for me and my fellow bibliophiles.I wish I had hours to spend in here. There's always something new to discover. Of course you can find all of the old classics here, but this is also one of the few used bookshops I've found that takes in old textbooks (probably due to its proximity to the university). I've never understood why other stores don't. Some textbooks are great comprehensive resources when you're interested in a topic. They also have a good assortment of strange and unique titles and he children's section is a hoot. It felt like a throwback to my childhood with all of the "Babysitter's Club" and "Sweet Valley High" copies it had.I like the hands-off attitude of the staff here. I don't like being approached when I'm looking for literature. For some reason it feels kind of private, like I'm on a personal mission or something. However, even though the cashier was nowhere in sight, she came running over as soon as she saw me approach the counter.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,6/7/2012,4,29,,3,3>Visited again yesterday and same good taste. Introduced another friend as well and she seem to love the food as well. If I like the food this much and drool about mention of the name (lemon-grass sub), then this place is worth of my 5 stars!! Note: I am biased by the taste of their lemon-grass sub and you have to make your own judgement on other type of subs they serve :)Not much of seating and good for takeout! Do not accept cr.cards! Cash only!
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,6/6/2012,10,45,,5,1>I have been going here as long as I can remember and great to see the new building opened up. Great selection on the menu as they have everything you could imagine unfortunately it might be its downfall as it is hard to be great at lots of things. Best thing would definitely the pizzas
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,6/5/2012,11,39,2,11,4>After having gone to a few different places for haircuts, I gave Headlines a try. Headlines is conveniently located in Manulife Place (edit: not Commerce Place, sorry!), has perfect decor, a great atmosphere, and is always impeccably clean. After consistently getting great haircuts and being impressed with all aspects of the salon, I've been returning for years. Best haircuts I've ever had by far!While Headlines is pricier than what most of my friends (male) pay for haircuts, I always find it to be worth the price, which isn't bad at all with the student discount on haircuts (available Monday-Thursday).The staff are all very friendly, and the service is excellent. Appointments can even be booked by email, where you'll often receive a reply within minutes!Give this place a try, you won't regret it!
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2012,6/3/2012,38,68,3,5,4>I finally made it into Transcend after hearing all the buzz. Now that I work downtown, it's a quick walk away. The ambiance is so comfortable, clean and inviting. I've always loved this space (it's had many restaurants). There's a loft space which makes it so unique!Secondly, the staff were super friendly! I decided to have a cappuccino to go and the barista was so sweet-he sang a jazz tune while he made my cap. And he even had a great voice! The cashier was also really pleasant. And the best part-my first latte art: a little heart. Actually, the best part was the flavour. I must say, I've had my share of coffee and espresso and this cap was the most flavorful I've ever had. Super creamy! I will be back! Love love it!
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2012,6/2/2012,47,31,1,7,4>The Clever Rabbit is yet another character business opening on 124 Street.  There is now no chance that you would recognize where you were, if you stood on this street two years ago. Believe me...that's a good thing.The restaurant fits right in with the posh, French Duchess and home-y, Italian Tiramisu with its own pair of adjectives: funky and Vegetarian.  There are a handfull of tables for people to eat in, and a selection of baked goods at their front counter.  I forgot to ask if they were vegan or not, but they looked amazing.  Operated by a young staff, a few of them do double-duty with the gourmet pet food bakery, Food Dish Wishes, next door.  As an aside, FDW is a treat to walk by, often being full of playful puppies and glaring cats. The owners also do animal-rescue work in third-world countries...ask about it if you get a chance.TCR is new and clean with a great-looking menu and exceptionally friendly staff.  They don't pull any vegetarian punches with their dishes, if something is textured vegetable protein, they call it textured vegetable protein (or TVP in the case of the tacos).The TVP Tacos happened to be what I ordered along with their split pea soup of the day.  The split-pea soup was fantastic: thick and rich and still piping hot, even after walking it back to my office.  Carrot flecks kept it from looking like baby food, and its consistancy leaned towards a "cream of..." instead of mashed peas.The soft-shelled tacos had perfectly seasoned TVP...just enough heat to make them interesting, but not enough to turn off people that don't like hot spices.  The avocados were fresh (I can't count how often I've had brown avocados on takeout food), salad crispy, and shredded cheddar delicious.  They even asked if I wanted vegan sour cream instead of the regular stuff.  I will say that the presentation left something to be desired. I fully admit that tacos are difficult to present at the best of times, especially in a take out box.  But I hope they accept the challenge, and come up with a better way, as I could see people being turned off by paying that price for a couple tacos dropped in a box. Either way, I got past it, and I'm glad I did...they were delicious.This restaurant has a lot of potential, and I'm very excited to see where it goes.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2011,6/1/2012,102,42,3,6,2>Poutine has got to be my guiltiest pleasure!  I love it so much but in the past never found a place that quite got it right, especially the cheese as everyone know poutine must have squeaky cheese!  Well La Poutine definitely meets my expectations and fills my random poutine cravings!  Plus the price point is great - the only thing keeping it from 5 stars is that I have had probably the best poutine ever in Montreal!  I branched out and finally tried something other than traditional which was the chili and it was very good, the chili was homemade and the right kind of spice, being the cheese lover that I am I could have had more cheese but that's just being picky.  I can't say I will be adventurous again and order something other than traditional, just because when I crave poutine I crave that authenticity which I find only the traditional meets!  My only complaint is that sometimes there is a little too much gravy and not enough cheese but next time I think I will just ask for extra cheese to solve that for me :)
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,5/31/2012,70,102,3,4,3>I've been here a few times already and I must say the friendly service is what always keeps me choosing this liquor store over others. I usually always get a case of beer, but on a few occasions have gotten wine.  They have a good selection of popular wines and not too bad on the liquors. But its the friendly staff that I want to write about, they are always ready to strike up a compliment and offer any help I need, even if my purchase is a simple one.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/21/2011,5/30/2012,40,145,3,10,2>Infamous for their never ending indulgence of meat I was extremely excited to finally take a stab at Pampa. With the idea of endless meat, how can anyone resist?Upon walking in, the biggest feature was the rack of wines. There was wines galore! After being seated and having a drink ordered, we were given a run down of how Pampa works: if the chit on your table is green, you're ready to go. If it's red, you need a break.As a trained veteran of buffets, I went directly to the salad bar for warm up and stretching. Those trained in the art of buffet knows you never go head first into the heavy lifting. You have to start light to get the juices flowing but also don't over do it or you won't have room for the entree. The salad bar had a large variety of salads and different toppings. The dressings, oils, vegetables, cold cuts are in fact a blur because there was so many of them and I was too focused on getting back to my table to eat and prepare for the meat. From what I took, the salad with fresh mint dressing is simply astounding. The mint dressing was such a nice surprise and fresh that it was quite memorable for me.Now onto the meats. They came in a flurry and I said "bring it on!". Four types of meats came at me: beef, chicken, pork, and lamb. For the positives: the rump cut, bacon wrapped chicken and rib eye were hands down what I would come back for. The seasoning on them were quite distinct and the juices were just flowing. Honorable mentions were the rib (a little heavy on the gristle but still succulent) and the chicken drumstick.I was not a fan of this type of pork that was brought out. It was quite thick, dry, and the marinate was quite pungent. I had a bite and simply couldn't finish it. The lamb was a little game-y but I was never a fan of it in the first place. The pork sausage was good overall with a nice spice but a little dry.Service is one of the strong notes as they were extremely nice and came often. Washroom were very clean with a mango-peach diffuser which was a nice touch.Now the bad part. A couple of beers, a bottle of wine and main course for 12 was $760.00. A little steep I know and I realize it's Brazilian steakhouse. This 3-star review is not slamming Pampa but in all honesty, the hype did not live up to game day. There were great moments, great bites, but a lot of "this is okay".I think the thing I learned from this experience is quantity is always not a good thing and for $45 a head, marginally good is not quite good enough. I believe Pampa is a once in a year occasion at the current state. If you've never tried it, I urge you to go on an empty stomach and definitely partake in a tour of the meat kingdom. I wouldn't recommend it on a weekly or monthly basis however.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,5/28/2012,19,76,3,3,4>Every item I have ever had is absolutely delectable! Breakfast is scrumptious - my favorites are the French toast and, of course, the amazing, enormous cinnamon buns. Lunch/afternoon drinks are wonderful sitting on the patio. I cannot rave about the selection of alcoholic beverages enough - I think the list is twice as long as the actual menu. Evening has its own unique ambiance that is only created with the right clientele, in the right neighborhood, and a touch of magic.I will not say too much because this is a place that needs to be experienced to be truly appreciated. This is an absolute MUST to go to and remains on my elite list of 5 star establishments.PS. They have parking in the back!
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2011,5/27/2012,31,99,2,5,3>I do not like westernized Chinese food, which is why I go to Jumbo.Aside from having a great dim sum menu (come at peak hours for the carts, the printed menu selection is not very good), they also offer an excellent regular menu. I prefer the chinese menu (you will need to bring a friend who can read Cantonese, but it's worth it) but the regular menu does offer some great options. Ask for the pekingese style pork chop, fish maw soup or the mixed vegetables in nest - 3 of my favorites :) Prices are quite reasonable here and they offer an affordable set menu for a group of people as well.Customer service is fairly good and fast. The restaurant environment is not great on the eyes, but they do offer private rooms for large functions.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2011,5/26/2012,14,108,4,3,2>Just what we need in this day-and-age -- another heart attack factory. The food is greasy, salty, and will probably give you gas.It's awesome.I didn't go for the build-your-own-burger option. With over thirty choices for toppings and something like ten different cheeses, it would take me forever to decide what I wanted. I was tempted by the Barnyard burger, so I went with that. The Barnyard is made up of bacon, chicken, and beef. It comes with tomato or lettuce or something like that but I always get them to leave that stuff off. I'm not a herbivore. Humans are meat-eaters, get over it. I think all of the burger combos come with fries. Mine did anyway. The fries aren't as good as Red Robin's and they aren't bottomless either like they are at Red Robin. I enjoyed the burger a lot and I look forward to going back again to clog my arteries with something else. They have another entree called the Heart Attack Combo. Sounds enticing.My biggest hang-up about this place is the decor. This isn't something that I usually gripe about with restaurants. Soda Jerks' whole schtick is that they're this 1950s retro-throwback type-thing. They play '50s and early '60s rock and pop music, they have soda bottles hanging all over the place, and they serve pure grease. However, the interior of the building doesn't at all match the vibe that they're trying to put out there. Ric's Grill used to be in this location and the place still looks and feels like Ric's Grill. Places like Johnny Rockets and Red Robin are similar establishments with a look and feel to match the cuisine. It's time to redecorate Soda Jerks.I mentioned that they play oldies from the '50s and '60s. In the midst of the doo-wops and the sha-la-la's they also snuck Paul Simon's "You Can Call Me Al" in there. Why? Does Paul Simon own a piece of Soda Jerks?I ordered the Pop Shoppe Black Cherry Soda for my drink. I haven't had that since I was a kid. I didn't even know they still made that stuff. It brought back memories. Thank you, Paul Simon.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,5/25/2012,67,269,3,4,3>Fresh Cafe opened up not too long ago, just around the corner from my apartment, and filling a Fresh-Cafe-sized hole in my heart I didn't even know was there.They serve locally roasted coffee (Catfish, I believe), delicious Italian espresso, baked goods, sandwiches, and gelato. Everything (except probably the gelato) is made fresh in house. The space isn't big, and you can see the whole kitchen. The staff are so incredibly friendly, they make you feel welcome the moment you walk in the door.So far I've only had their espresso and their AMAZING peanut butter cookie, but I'll be back for sure. They're open late on weekdays too.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2011,5/24/2012,31,124,2,5,4>In the last 8 months since first setting foot in The Next Act Pub, this has easily become my favourite go-to place in the city.Need  a good beer in a welcoming environment?  Go the Act.Need a tasty meal before you hit a show?  Go to the Act.Have a friend coming from out of town and you want to give them a good taste of Edmonton? Go to the Act!The Next Act Pb is the kind of place that I can bring my cool, trendy niece, my artsy friend or my conservative father and they would all love the place. Its the perfect place for just about every occasion.The food is good.  Very good.  And they change it up seasonally - keeping the faves in regular rotation and switching some out for new tastes.  Personally, I love the burgers and the nachos, but brunch on the weekends is also a great reason to get out of bed.They also change up the drink menu seasonally, while constantly bringing in new brews to try.  I'm not the biggest beer fan, but all summer long I couldn't get enough of the Alley Kat Brewberry that the Act kept on tap, and now I am hooked on their Tempt ciders (#8 is my new passion) that I haven't seen anywhere else.But, in addition to my pulled pork nacho and cider addiction, the reason I keep going back is the people.  The serving staff are the best around - friendly and attentive - and the owners are just all-around great people.  On the third Sunday of every month they host a 'family dinner" - a set menu of a Sunday family dinner classic (which changes every month), including dessert - to a full room of hungry patrons looking for a little taste of home without the clean up (or awkward family interactions).This is a business that I feel good about supporting, and will continue to do so.Often several times per week.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,5/23/2012,19,36,5,3,3>Singing "Peanut! Peanut butter and jelly!" I love peanut butter and jelly, but how much can you eat? As a Buddhist, being vegetarian can be tough if you don't have much options. But don't look any further, there's Padmanadi! They have items like Ginger beef, sweet n sour soup, satay with lemon and peanut sauce, and bean curd drum stick that taste like chicken! Oh! The menu is endless and you'll never have to think about another peanut butter and jam sandwich again!
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,5/22/2012,46,142,,2,4>This is one of the city's 3 public golf courses.  You can do 9 holes for $28 weekdays ($32 weekends), but only after 4pm on weekends, which is kind of irritating for those of us with no golf stamina.  A full 18 is $43 on weekdays, ($53 weekends) + cart.This is a beautiful spot, and a relatively easy course with a few sand bunkers and no water (at least none on the front 9 - I can't remember the back 9).  You can easily forget that you are throwing distance to downtown in this jewel of the river valley.The beer cart doesn't come by often enough in our regular time slot, but that's ok as I don't think it would improve my woeful skill.  They don't carry ice cream bars which would be nice on the hot hot days, but a beverage will do after the last hole.If you need an excuse for a walk and a chance to pretend your skills might improve, this is a great place to escape for a couple hours.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2011,5/20/2012,142,215,3,3,3>I love the Junque Cellar. I love it with unmatched, vintage, cluttered affection. It is a love that persists through the ages -- much like their items for sale. This basement Whyte Avenue store can best be described as a cross between an antique shop and an amalgamation of at least a dozen local garage sales. Go here to find relics from your childhood, decor for parties themed of decades past, and hidden vintage treasures that any guest in your home will think were purchased at Anthropologie. Everything at the Junque Cellar tells a story, but that's expected at any antique shop. What's unique about the Junque Cellar is the comfortable clutter and friendly staff, which makes you feel like your actually rooting around an ancestor's attic rather than marching through a boutique basement just off one of Edmonton's trendiest avenues. There is something for everyone here, and everything for someone. You need to visit if only for a trip down memory lane, but you can pick up a Marilyn Monroe calendar on your way out.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,5/19/2012,94,253,3,7,1>I (mistakenly) presumed that Safron's name referred to, for lack of a better descriptor, the saffron-coloured spice. As it turns out, Safron is the owner's name. Late one evening I found myself at this interesting Alberta Avenue spot with a deep yearning for Caribbean food. They were nearly out of everything except oxtail stew. I've always wanted to try something involving oxtail and was not disappointed. The oxtail pieces were still on the bone; this lent a deep, savoury flavour to the surrounding rice and beans (which would make a nice vegetarian meal on their own). The meat was ridiculously tender and the whole dish smelled so good I thought my stomach would start digesting itself before I had a chance to eat it. I've heard their jerk chicken and beef patties are top notch, so that will be on my "to eat" list next time.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2011,5/18/2012,6,17,4,3,3>Seeing as my birthday just happens to coincide with Cinco de Mayo I like to celebrate my birthday with a liitle more Mexican flare despite the fact that there isn't a trace of Mexican in my blood whatsoever. Still questioning myself as to why I have yet to be in Mexico for my birthday either? After trying this little piece of mexico in my own backyard I was ready to throw a Fiesta! I went with friends and ordered the best tasting lime margarita I had ever tasted! It wasn't the last I ordered either! We were given some warm chips and delicious salsa to dip into while going over the menu and deciding on our entres. My friends ordered up a shrimp cocktail sort of appetizer (sorry can't remember the name of it right now) and it was absolutely delicious! I can still taste the spicy goodness in my mouth and am now developing a craving for! I ordered up a plate of enchiladas and was impressed with the serving. Not piled up and not holding back either.  It was a fantastic dish and I enjoyed everything about it including the refried beans! I found the atmosphere to be nice although the tables and chairs could use a bit of an upgrade to be a little more comfortable (not that they were so uncomfortable). There was a TV in the back of the restaurant playing a video of a Mariachi band to help provide more of an authentic Mexican experience. A real mariachi band would have been better, but where the heck are you gonna find one of those on in Edmonton? All in all a great Mexican experience and looking forward to spending my next birthday there! Heck, I may even go when it's not my birthday just to have another fun experience!
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,5/17/2012,8,41,,10,3>I remember the day I discovered boutique bra shops.  I went from frumpy ill-fitting box-store bras to colorful and sultry bras that actually supported the girls.  I have a soft place in my heart for these places, especially when run by knowledgeable staff.I was delighted to discover this place a little less than a year ago, and have been remiss in not writing about them sooner.  On the day I went in, it was afternoon on a holiday of some sort, and I was surprised they were open.  But open they were, and I went in without waiting.  I was shown to a room, and the matronly woman in charge asked if I minded if she brought the new girl along to learn.  I like being a demo bunny, so I was all for it.The matron listened to what I wanted, fetched a good selection, and with a little refining (NOT pink, take that thing away) I got a more than ample selection.  The new girl was helpful and unobtrusive, and the matron knew her stuff.  I told her what brand I was used to fitting well, and she grabbed a different brand as well, that was on a significant sale.Things here are expensive, but no more so than any boutique bra place I have been, and the sale they had running was phenominal.  I have never spent so little on good bras.  And here, a year later, all three I bought that day are still in great shape, despite constant wearing and less than recommended washing.  (after every wear?  Are you kidding me?)The only negative was a slight air of "we want to go home" that I find quite understandable for the day I went in, and the cash register not working, so I was not able to get a receipt.  Summer is coming, and I want to see what new colors are coming in for bras this season.  I will certainly be stopping in La Belle Femme.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,5/16/2012,49,125,,17,5>After reading the first review on this place I knew I had to go, and I almost don't want to tell anyone else about it because it was so awesome. I picked up an old vintage bike from Goodwill that needed some tune ups so I decided to check this place out. Man was I impressed by this little hole in the wall. He had about 10-15 bikes lined up waiting for his attendance and a bunch of cute older bikes lined up on the side. I never realized until this day that I have never ridden a bike properly to my height. He explained to me everything about my bike and then let me take out a bike that was properly adjusted to my height and it was a dream ! I could never go back to the way I have always been riding bikes. He's incredibly knowledgeable and friendly. Lots of people came in and out while we were figuring out my bike situation and he knew them all by name, talked about their bikes and when they would be by and it seemed like one after another just kept coming in to chat. When I brought my bike in there the first thing he did was say "HO HO HO, Let me see what you got here!" he flipped over my bike and uncovered some set of numbers and then said "This is a great bike from the 70's!" I'd recommend this place to anyone. This place is amazingly cheap and he dedicated just over an hour of his time talking to me about my bike. I had to replace my tires, handlebars, seat, cables, derailers and get a tune up all for just under $100! On top of all the bikes sitting there he said my bike would be ready by next week. I hope he sticks around for a long time because there is no where else I would rather go !
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2011,5/15/2012,4,24,,6,3>My whole family sees Dr. Jason Nijjer, and we have all been very happy with his work and his staff. Initially, I was reluctant to have Dr. Nijjer do a filling for me because a) I've had a lot of dud dentists and I'm just very wary; and b) he is just so darn young. However, I looked up his credentials (a UofA grad now practicing in the University area - he must have picked his office), and discussed my previous dental issues with him, and was reassured. These discussions, combined with noting his excellent care and policies, made me decide to brave it. I am glad I did. The tooth he filled feels and looks like a natural tooth. In fact, until today (I just went in for a cleaning) I forgot that he actually did two fillings. These fillings feel smooth and tight and clean, compared to the rough, gritty ones my former dentist did. I've only had to wait for my appointment once, and the reception staff always makes me feel wanted. The hygienist I had today, Julie, was excellent. Convenient southside location with parking. A+++Update: Dr. Nijjer is now officially the best dentist I have ever found in the world. If I ever move away from Edmonton, I am going to get a plane ticket from wherever I am and fly back to Edmonton because I never want anyone else to work on my teeth ever again in my life. I just got a filling replaced - one that was never quite right and finally broke. The tooth feels like it wasn't fixed so much as healed. Man, he is a good doctor.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,5/14/2012,95,32,,3,2>I live about this cafe! AND I forget how fantastic it is! This cafe is located on the west end of Whyte ave. It's a little more calm and quiet over here.The cafe is huge inside. Ample seating. Great for large brunch parties. During the summer they have an awesome patio!The menu selections are extremely diverse! Homemade food from soups and sandwiches to lamb and veggie burgers. A very large breakfast menu and wonderful coffee as well!The next time you are thinking brunch, come to Whyte Ave and sit out on the patio to enjoy some healthy food!
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,5/13/2012,32,92,,4,5>The food here is great, and the atmosphere is wonderful! Lots of soft lighting, draped fabrics, and brilliant hints of India... And then, there's the food! We had the shrimp tikka, OmG what a treat (try it w the mint sauce to add a bit of bite), paneer crusted w chickpea... and that was just for starters!  We left the deciding to our server, and he didn't disappoint at all!  Thanks again, Haweli, for a wonderful night!PS Try the coconut naan for dessert... :-)
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,5/12/2012,34,76,3,11,4>A friend turned me on to this little shop in an otherwise forgettable strip mall at 99st and Argyll over the summer, and it's been a regular stop for me ever since. It is a go-to place for all kinds of hard to find Latin ingredients, or to inspire you with ingredients you don't see at the big box stores. Aside from the wide selection of corn tortillas, salsas, and unique sodas, Tienda Latina also makes a few ready to eat items. Huge tortas, some baking, and tamales highlight the choices. What makes Tienda Latina more than just a neighbourhood grocer is something that most of Alberta seems to have abandoned... Customer service. When you walk in the doors, you are greeted with a smile and you are almost guaranteed to be asked if you have any questions, or are looking for anything in particular. Since I am not terribly familiar with some of the merchandise, this is pretty helpful. Case in point: last time I was there I wanted to buy a case of the Jarritos Mexican cola. Israel (sp?) scoured the shelves and the back storage and found that they didn't have a whole case. I asked if I could mix and match a case from the selections in the cooler and still get the case price I was greeted with an enthusiastic "of course!" He then scurried to empty a case for me and helped start filling it. He then got me a cart to make it easier to manage the open case, and provided information on the flavours I wasn't familiar with. At most stores  the answer to mix and match would be no. And if it was yes, you would just be pointed to where the carts are and be left to fend for yourself. Since I have had excellent service experiences like this here before, I know it's not an anomaly.... it's an attitude toward treating the customer right.  Go check it out for yourself... I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2012,5/11/2012,41,524,,4,3>There seems to be more bands playing at Century Casino than another other in the city.  They have a showroom to accommodate a hundreds of people in booths and tables and chairs.  I have seen a number of bands play here, and the sound quality is pretty good.  The last time I went, they changed the layout so there was no dance floor and it was occupied by round tables and chairs.Inside the showroom there are washrooms, a window to order food (nachos, burgers, wings, and pizza), and a bar.  The drink prices are reasonable and a pop is only $1.75.  You can sometimes get free tickets for shows if you are a regular at the casino and you have the players' card or you follow the casino on twitter or are a facebook fan.  I have also won free tickets through radio stations.In the casino part, there are lots of slot machines but it can get crowded with not a lot of room to move in between.  There's also Yuks Yuks which doesn't get very busy, and a restaurant that offers a buffet.  I've only eaten here once off the menu and it was ok.  They offer food specials for the month like cheap wings on Monday nights and decent size too.For a night out, it's fun to come to the casino.  They also offer free underground parking so you don't have to worry about wearing a jacket in!I have volunteered here and I found the volunteer lounge big and roomy.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,5/10/2012,49,120,3,5,4>Five stars for Karrie's! I wasn't sure what I would do about Yelp's Prohibition Party. I knew the clothes I could put together at Value Village, but I was worried about what to do with my hair, and I wanted some white and black makeup. I found a perfect curly black Flapper wig, got some guidance on which types of makeup would be best for what I wanted to do, and even found the perfect T-strap dance shoes here (they're ballroom dancing shoes, but look great for 20s-30s theme stuff. The clerks were all great and friendly, and seem like they really enjoy what they're doing. I was told that they even have a 2nd floor upstairs with yet more costumes, some to buy! If you need the perfect costume, accessory, or tutu for your little princess, you'll find it here.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,5/9/2012,164,49,2,7,3>If you are on High Street or in the 124th street area and you are looking for a quick and tasty bite, this is your spot.  Dahlia's is a small joint that I think is owned by two brothers who I think said were lebanese and from montreal. Either way, they brought the flavours with them.I had the Montreal Smoked Meat Sandwich and half of my guest's Chicken Shwarma. The Montreal Smoked Meat ($8) was tasty, loaded with meat and mustard, and left me with a delicous case of the meat sweats. The Chicken Schwarma ($7) was delicious as well, with the right fusion and quantities of all the right goodies, tender chicken, and lightly toasted. It always reminds me how bland much of our western cuisine truly is-- but not at Dahlia's...I think this is a place that would be pretty busy at lunch hours, given it's prime location. Parking along 124th is limited, but it's very transit and pedestrian accessible.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2012,5/8/2012,14,141,3,9,7>Well, the three boars had a soft opening today and I happened to notice due to being in the area and perusing their website and twitter page. I dropped by and found a spot at the bar.They have 6 taps; 2 to be local ( I think Alley Kat Full Moon and Yellowhead Lager), 1 for Hacker-Pschorr, and 3 rotating taps. Their beer bottle menu is vast, sporting 30 or 40 beers and beer cocktails and a decent single malt scotch list. I received many apologies about their beer menu as they plan to do better. I was pretty satisfied with what they had, but won't stand in their way if they want to improve it.Their food menu (small bites/tapas) is very interesting and although I just stopped for a pint or two, decided to try out a few of their, shall I say, inspired dishes. I wouldn't be able to do the menu justice by trying to list anything on it. Lets just say, there's a lot of meat and it was well done. I had a lot of duck and pig and the preparation matches the menu.Not only is the food, beer, and scotch menu well done, but the prices were reasonable. Plates ranged from $6-$14, scotches were $10-$14 for 2 oz, and beer was not too much more than what you'd pay at Sherbrooke for a bottle with pints at $5.50, I think. My beer cocktail was $9 which was a bit expensive for what it was but not crazily overpriced.4 stars for their opening night is a good sign for the three boars. Their drink and food menu will be constantly evolving and I will happily boost their rating if deserved. Being that this is by far the best bar within walking distance from my home, they will earn the right to tempt my palette on many an occasion.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2012,5/7/2012,158,543,5,8,7>OMG!  I've died and gone to Heaven!  Our own local Gelato, sorbet (REAL SORBET), and ice cream shop in St. Albert serving locally made frozen heaven from Pinocchio!  And no my nose isn't growing ;-)  Pinnochio's uses all natural ingredients - You won't find anything artificial in this goodness!pinocchioicecream.caPrices are SUPER reasonable - I think it was $3.50 for one scoop or $5.75 for two.  They offer house made waffle cones, waffle bowls, and toppings!  Though, the stuff is soooooo good - who needs toppings?  We opted for Gelato goodness - a chocolate hazelnut and amaretto in one bowl and lime and raspberry sorbet in our other bowl - MMM... Good!  And then we picked up 2 pints of sorbet to go for only $6.50 each - and if you know your real sorbet, that is a STEAL of a deal!  They offer larger sizes for $9.75 I think - next time, we will save even more $$$ and just get the giant ones to go!We opted for lemon thyme and raspberry tarragon.  Not your average run of the mill flavours - a treat that is for sure!  Pinnochio's ice cream makes their treats custom made for local restaurants and these funky flavours are recently made for Blue Pear if I remember correctly and that is why they are so funky!  Gepetto's Gelato orders extras for their customers since Pinnochio's is already doing up the custom batches for the restaurants.There was also a cucumber mint in addition to all the normal sorbet flavours in the freezer - lemon, blueberry, raspberry... Mmm... My mouth is watering at just thinking about it.  I can't wait to go back and try some more!I uploaded pics - Check them out!PS - Oops... I forgot to mention that the staff were super nice, too!
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,5/6/2012,65,39,2,5,3>I've been going to the Bul Go Gi House my entire life. It's been open for over 30 years, and a staple of delicious Korean Food in Edmonton.There are a few things that always stay the same at the Bul Go Gi House. The quality of food is always the same (delicious), the prices are always reasonable, and the service is always friendly and helpful. The bathrooms are always tiny and out-of-date, which is part of the charm. The decor is beautiful and casual, and hasn't changed much in all the time I've been coming there.The menu is full of variety, from rices, to meats, to hot pots. I would absolutely recommend the Bul Go Gi, the meat is delicious and tender. It's a great menu to select new things from and try a bunch of dishes with a group of friends. This is the type of restaurant where you order a whole lot of the menu, split it amongst yourselves family style, and pay a reasonable rate for it. (And have some take out leftover!)Every meal comes with steamed rice, bean sprout salad (so good!), and kim chi. I recommend trying it all!For those who aren't used to eating with chopsticks, or who haven't mastered the rice on chopsticks combo, they also bring forks to the table. (So no worries!)This restaurant is one of my favourites in Edmonton. It's consistently good, with fantastic service, and amazing food.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,5/5/2012,15,30,1,12,7>There are basically 2 types of beer/wine stores in Edmonton.   Either they are staffed by people who are passionate and knowledgeable or they are staffed by people who know how to stock shelves and operate a register.Luckily Baseline Wine leads the way in the first category.  Each week they send out an email with their POW (pick of the week), usually this is a limited edition wine that they sell on a first come first serve basis at a reduced price. I highly recommend getting on that mailing list.When you enter the store it is new, clean, well lit and has a huge selection of wine and various types of liquor.  Ryan (I think) was more than willing to take the time to talk to me about their ever expanding rum selection and even directed me to some excellent well priced brands and some new brands that they had just added.If you're a lover of wine, then absolutely you should check them out and use their knowledgeable staff to find that perfect wine for your occasion. Also, keep an eye open for the various events and tastings that they offer throughout the year.  I have yet to go, but It's certainly on my list of things to do.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2012,5/4/2012,115,132,,3,3>I went to OSFM to torture myself today and to get to know what the market has to offer. It was torture because I am currently on the Master Cleanse that doesn't allow for any food. With all the booths offering free samples of their wares it took all the self control in the world to stay strong. While walking each isle I still wanted to research my options for my first meal after the cleanse. I found a few gems that I will be going back to: 1. Kim Chee Place - Korean cuisine that looks like it has some really tasty kimchi. They also have have gyoza's and a few canned spices. It's run by a real Korean family and I trust their food to be genuine.2. Don Antonio's Mexican Food - This booth had fresh corn tortilla's in both large and small sizes. I love Mexican cuisine so I'll have to come back.Now a little bit of constructive criticism: I found that the prices for all products were atleast 15-25% higher than most places. I guess there is no tax added to the prices but I found it pretty steep. Especially the meat locations. Frozen packaged meat shouldn't be that expensive no matter how organic or far away it came from.Overall I will definitely be coming back to OSFM but I am looking forward to trying out other farmer's markets in the city to compare.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,5/3/2012,18,228,,5,3>Curtis says he can't find anything to complain about and I totally agree.  We always come to La Pagode, especially when we are craving their Beef Satay soup.  The mix of flavors in that wonderfully made soup keeps us coming back for more.  We also love their Ginger Beef; forget the rice (which you can order) we just want the beef.  The Deep Fried Squid is also awesome.  The best thing to do is oder many different items and share them with friends and family; the portions are pretty big and you'll have trouble finishing it off by yourself.  We even have trouble finishing off our soup bowls, which happen to be the size of our heads.  It's a great place to get together with the people you care about and catch up over lots of good food.  The menu is pretty big and that can be a little overwhelming only because everything sounds so good.  Curtis and I were waiting for our soup one day and we were looking at the take-out menu; listing off all the different dishes we haven't tried yet made us so hungry.  Oh and if you want to order any appetizers the spring rolls, green onion cakes and the deep fried shrimp rolls are super good.  If you want to come to La Pagode I suggest you not eat for days so that you can eat a lot of really good food when your at the restaurant, or come with a large party and try a bit of everyones food.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,5/2/2012,89,141,,3,3>Updating this with a "conditional additional" 1 star -- go go go for the live music and atmosphere later in the eve. That alone deserves a star. The acts they have are fantastic. My suggestion is also to go between 8:30-9pm so you'll be able to catch the first band of the evening and the switch to the second. We were sat at the VERY front of the resto even though we had no reservation, so we had a great view of the bands but we were still able to converse. My friends and I really enjoyed the atmosphere and place.Also, their appetizers are MUCH better than their mains. My friends and I only ordered appetizers this time. I had the fried oysters (simple but yum), and I tasted their crab cakes which were also good.It looks like they switch up their menu, because this was a slightly tweaked/different menu than the last time. This is a good thing, as I believe they need to further enhance their meals, but it looks like a step in the right direction.Edit: Oh, I also forgot... I love their complimentary cornbread muffins with soft honey butter. Great snack.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2012,5/1/2012,50,288,,6,3>I heard a rumour that Remedy was finally open downtown. Today I found myself downtown and I thought, "hey I'm gonna go to Remedy and get a delicious chai."I've been to the original Remedy a few times and always enjoyed the drinks and food. there But I was excited for the downtown location to be open because it's just off the LRT line, and only a quick detour from school (on the days when I don't have an 8 a.m. class).The new downtown Remedy is nice in decor, and has more of a downtown business crowd look and feel than the other restaurant. So it's not quite the same vibe, if that doesn't sound too flaky of me, as the other restaurant. But I get it. Different crowd, different look, different feel. The menu however seems to be the same as the other location. Same selection of drinks including the chai, which is what I went for. Same selection of food, which includes your standard coffeeshop type fare like muffins and cookies, as well as a variety of Indian and Pakistani food. Several vegetarian, vegan and gluten free options as well, which is great to see. I knew Remedy on 109th was popular (it's always packed when I go there), but for some reason I was assuming the downtown location would be more of a secret, at least on a Sunday. I mean downtown Edmonton on Sunday isn't really a busy place. But I walked in and every table was taken, and this was a good sized cafe. So my plot to sit down and have a chai was thwarted. Damn. But on the otherhand I was glad to see people supporting Remedy during its first few weeks (I'm not exactly sure when Remedy opened). Moreso I was quite happy to see a cafe aside from a chain open on a Sunday. The chai here I know takes a few minutes, but I'm always okay with waiting when the drink is good, and it was. The guy behind the counter seemed a little overwhelmed, but it was busy and I'm sure service will improve with time (not that it was bad service or anything like that). Remedy I'm happy your open downtown. Hopefully next time I go I'll be able to find a table to sit at.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,4/30/2012,37,420,,3,4>This place serves the most unusual and decadent hot chocolate in town.It is not hot chocolate per se, but rather a chocolate mousse with the most divine texture and taste. It's bitter but not overly so; airy yet packed with rich chocolate flavor. It is also gooey and utterly satisfying. $5 a cup. I'll absolutely be back for more.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2012,4/28/2012,26,71,,3,1>Always busy, and you can see why when you eat there. Really really tasty food, my favourite are the cumin lamb kebabs and the insanely spicy shredded pork dish that has a rating of about 7 chilis (on a 1 to 3 chili scale I presume... this dish is really really hot!) Not especially cheap, especially the fish, but the portions are large so don't order more than about 1 dish each or you will be taking some home.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,4/27/2012,187,341,,9,7>Delicious pastries for delicious prices. Cannoli are $2, and the amazing rum balls are only 60 cents each. They have many other fabulous looking treats and cakes that I have yet to try, but trust me, I will. Croissants are really cheap and huge! for only 65 cents.They have a small grocery area but I just go to Spinelli's for that, although I suppose if I needed to grab something quickly and I were already there it would be convenient. They have a take-a-number system - sometimes you don't have to wait long, but most times there is a wait involved. It can get a little awkward in the small space if there are a lot of people waiting. The staff are usually quite good, though. Of course they have a variety of trays that you can pre-order (at least a day in advance) of different meats and cheeses. I, and my family, have ordered many trays from the Italian Bakery over the years and they've always been great. I've yet to order anything to stay in and sit at the small tables by the window, but it's on my list. I think it would be perfect for a sunny, lazy afternoon.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2011,4/26/2012,509,247,5,6,5>Bada Boom Bada Bing!!!!! Try these Italian Calzones, they are fantastic. It takes a bit of time to prepare but definitely  worth the wait. The flavors melt in your mouth from these speciality sandwiches or partial pizza if you may.  Almost like having a gourmet pizza pocket with various ingredients. Check Battista Calzones out one afternoon and you will not be disappointed unless they run out early.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,4/25/2012,49,256,3,4,3>This store saved my butt during hellish last minute Christmas shopping! Dansk sells a multitude of different things ... from scarves, to aprons, to kitchen accessories, to decorative tchotchkes. The store is quite crowded, but it is tidy. I can't believe so much stuff fits in one place... everywhere you turn there is something new and interesting to look at! Just don't carry a huge backpack everywhere like me because you'll be afraid that moving around will knock something over! Staff are super friendly and they even let me buy one of the floor models when they were out of an item (this is that Christmas crunch I was talking about). It was the only clear, colorless glass tea pot I could find in the city! If I want something interesting or fun to buy for someone who likes to cook or bake this is one of my ideal stops.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,4/24/2012,10,29,,6,2>I love how legit this place is. The music, the brightly coloured walls that create a carefree and happy environment. Even the people who work there dress like they're on a perma-vacation at a tropical island! Cha Island Tea Co has a wall of various types of tea, and behind the counter they have that magical Ice Tea goodness that you can mix and match with two types of syrups (for you adventurous folk!). If you've got a case of the goosebumps, there's the delicious Burning Spear & Peppermint Hot Cocoa, or the Marsala Hot Chocolate that I have yet to try. Also, the coffee here is pretty damn spectacular. If you stumble upon the Island with an empty stomach, I seriously recommend getting the waffles, which come with coconut flakes, whipped cream, one or two scoops of gelato (depending on which type of waffle you ordered), and fresh fruit all without breaking bank! They have panini's there that are, for lack of a better word, scrumptious, and a beer selection that could satisfy anyone's taste buds.There's also something happening any night of the week, from live music to drum circles, craft groups and poetry nights, or if that's not really your thing you could always enjoy the sunshine on the deck. So, if you're bored go say "Hi" to Jake (the owner). He'll make you something tasty and provide all the entertainment you need :)
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/10/2011,4/23/2012,12,59,,3,4>We went there tonight.  Not a lot of selections of wine by the glass and a nice limited food menu with some interesting selections which I like as opposed to a large menu of a lot of things that the chef can't accurately cook.  We had the three dip bread and I really liked the (heavy on the tahini) hummus.  My friends liked the cheese dip and the pepper dip but I thought they were mediocre.  It comes with thin bread as opposed to pita so you don't fill up on bread.  I was confused as to whether the bread was supposed to be soft or crispy because it was a combination of both.The table really liked their meat dishes (meatballs and chicken).  My tuna dish was pretty good but I thought it was a bit over cooked.  Each plate comes with grilled veggies which were good and some Bulgar which I thought was tasteless and gave to my husband to finish.The service was friendly but they could have made more money off us by being more attentive.  Overall, fairly good but I thought it was pricy for what you get.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,4/22/2012,32,58,,3,3>Over the past few years I've bought more computer products from Memory Express than I have online. Their prices are often (but not always) cheaper than ordering online, and you can get pick it up and bring it home in less than an hour.The other night I rushed out to Memory Express to pick up a cable I needed, and I arrived there 5 minutes before closing. The salesperson didn't rush me, and was pretty chatty as well. I got to the store, bought the cable, and made it home in less than 30 mins. Awesome!
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2011,4/21/2012,20,21,7,5,3>I had never heard of this little Vietnamese restaurant but friends from work took me here for lunch. It's going to sound silly, but I'm always scared and shy about ordering off of menus with food I'm not as familiar with. I just never know what to expect. But my friends had been here often and made suggestions and ordered for me. I ended up going with 22b. It was a soup with curry and chicken. When it came out I could not believe just how huuuuge it was! I am not sure how one person is supposed to actually finish one of these bowls of soup.It was the most delicious soup I had ever eaten. The curry was delicious and added the perfect amount of kick. The noodles were amazing and the chicken nice and tender. It was so tasty, but sadly my chopstick skills with soup are incredibly limited. I wanted to eat as much and as quickly as possible because of how good it was, but found that to be a difficult and messy process. My suggestion: definitely make your way to this restaurant but be sure to go with friends and family who love you, no matter how much food gets on your face and lap. Om nom nom!!!-Ashley Marie
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,4/20/2012,97,490,2,6,4>While we planned on dining at Padmanadi for Sarah's Birthday, we couldn't, as Padmanadi is closed on Mondays. So, we were in the neighbourhood and decided to give Veggie Garden a try.Tucked on a sidestreet, Veggie Garden isn't in the most obvious location, but it's still fairly convenient to downtown. The restaurant has a fairly up-to-date, if plain design and the restaurant (and washrooms) are very clean. Yes, you could take your neat-freak Aunt here.The food is pretty standard Vietnamese com chay (vegetarian food), plus a number of chinese fake meat favourites. Sarah and I greatly enjoyed the (fake) lemon chicken. We also relished the opportunity to enjoy WonTon Soup. The thin vegetarian spring rolls were also the best we've had in Edmonton.We also ordered a (fake) seafood noodle dish. Sarah was expecting chow mein noodles, but the restaurant used very fresh tasting thicker noodles instead. Sarah didn't like the fake fish texture, but i liked it a bit more.And like the other authentic Vietnamese restaurants in town, Veggie Garden serves a number of delicious fruit smoothies and other sweet drinks, including fresh lemon soda and vietnamese coffee (with condensed milk).I don't think Veggie Garden will convert any carnivores to vegetarianism, but it's a great addition to Edmonton's vegetarian food scene.Service is very friendly and Ky, the owner, was very thankful we found her restaurant and that we were eating there. They are open every day of the week.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,4/19/2012,85,580,,5,2>My go-to place for lunch on lazy days! La Prep offers a variety of healthy meal options for breakfast and lunch. It's a little pricier than your average fast-food place, but I think you get more for your dollar here as it's both delicious and healthy.They offer fresh grilled paninis, sandwiches, various vegetable and pasta salads, quiches, samosas and meat pies as well as vegetarian options. There are usually at least two soups of the day, the cream of mushroom and potato/leek soup being my favorites. They usually offer a hot meal combo for lunch everyday as well, usually a type of pasta dish with salad and garlic toast. The servings are also quite large so it's well worth it.There are also classic favorites not featured on their menu or in the display case. If you have a hankering for a classic grilled cheese sandwich, they will whip up one that rivals your mother's homemade version!La Prep also does catering, and we use them a lot for our meetings and events. The service is quick and reliable, and the staff are always super friendly and sweet!
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,4/18/2012,30,54,7,11,8>I'm hesitant ever to make claims of authenticity when it comes to culture or ethnicity. So I'm not going to say Tres Carnales is authentically Mexican or not. I'm not going to say Tres Carnales is too westernized or not. Tres Carnales is not in Mexico, it's in downtown Edmonton in the middle of the prairies where it stays below -20 for a good part of the year (such as the day I was there). And every lunch and every night this place buzzes with Edmontonians looking for something no other taco place in Edmonton provides: an unpretentious social atmosphere in which to enjoy great--really great--Mexican food.I had the Marinated/grilled beef flank steak taco. Choose wisely, this is so tasty you'll probably order the same thing every time. The service isn't traditional table service (more like an in between cafe/table service) but it's great. There's also a selection of beers from Mexico, a great refreshing sangria recipe...and more. Is it authentic? I don't know what that means. Just pass the sangria please.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,4/17/2012,78,111,2,6,4>Absolutely amazing. Corso 32 is a tiny, unpretentious space - blink and you'll miss the entry - that has a very minimalistic feel with white plastic chairs, wood-topped tables and white walls. The tables are very close together, and, combined with the low ceilings, make the space quiet noisy. Despite this, it still has a relatively intimate atmosphere, and it's well worth putting up with for the food you get.First up: Appetizers: the daily special of cured shaved pork and peaches with arugula, the goat cheese ricotta on garlic crostini and the fried short rib and barlett pear 'salad'.  The first was a nice combination of sweet and salty, refreshingly light on the palate, while the goat cheese ricotta had a rich, creamy decadence that really woke up the tastebuds for the rib & pear salad - basically, a huge short rib that disintegrates on contact with your fork, and had the most amazing flavor (think this may have been the best rib I've ever tasted) that combined perfectly with the pears. The portions were a good size too - we had 8 at our table, and we all got a good taste of each of the 3 appetizers. On to the main course(s): I decided to share the fonduta ravioli (with  asparagus and black truffle pecorino) and the 48 hr chuck flat steak with bagna cauda, king oyster mushroom & wild garlic with a friend. One bite into the ravioli and I was almost weeping with pleasure. It was absolutely incredible. The pasta was perfectly prepared with a velvety, creamy inside of cheese that was perfect with the pecorino and the asparagus; each bite was an amazing combination of textures and tastes that lingered perfectly on the tongue. It was rich and decadent, yet didn't feel at all heavy or overwhelming. The steak, in comparison, was a let down. I'm not much of a steak eater, but I do enjoy it, so I'm not sure why this didn't appeal to my tastebuds. The bagna cauda sauce and mushrooms were great (although I was expecting far more garlic) but the taste and texture of the meat itself, I just didn't enjoy. My dining companion did, however, which leads me to believe it's more the fact I've never had chuck flat steak before (or eaten any steak medium-rare, for that matter), and that it just seemed 'odd' because it was new to me.Dessert was ordered out of curiosity vs need: we weren't hungry anymore, but having enjoyed everything else so much, wanted to taste Corso's spin on deserts. Again, I shared: both the chocolate torta with salty hazelnuts and the almond & olive oil cake with wild strawberries and crème fraiche. The torta was incredibly rich, decadent and chocolately (verging right on overwhelming), while the hazelnuts provided a perfect amount of crunch and a lingering salt aftertaste. If you're a fan of fluer de salt chocolate bars, this is the ultimate interpretation of one.The almond & olive oil cake was also wonderful - it wasn't all that sweet at all (despite resembling a cupcake), but had a light, fluffy texture and a contrasting depth of taste that paired perfectly with the strawberries and cremé fraiche. In summary, if you love food, you need to go to Corso 32. What there was in let-downs (our waitress seemed a bit cold, the noise level, my disappointment in the steak) was more than made up for by the rest of it. I'm looking forward to going back already!
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2012,4/16/2012,14,55,,8,4>I'm surprised that I haven't went here when I was in elementary school so it was pretty neat to visit RAM for the first time. On the main floor, there is Wild Alberta which features wildlife from our province. The animals were all stuffed (except for the live snake & fishes) but they looked so lifelike! Each display also had info about the animal and its habitat so it was interesting to learn a thing or two on them. On the other side, there are the feature exhibits. During the time I was there, the museum was displaying photos of the moths (very creepy) and Aboriginal art.The exhibits on the second floor consisted of more Aboriginal art & culture, geology (rocks, minerals), dinosaurs and some insect critters. The collections were quite extensive and the thing that most stuck out the most was the different types of birds that reside in the province (some I haven't even heard before!).If you ever decided to take a break, there is a cafe and gift shop in the main level.I spent about an hour and a half browsing through all the exhibits so it was nice to do something fun on a Sunday afternoon especially when the weather is nice out.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,4/15/2012,35,101,8,9,7>I was at Bosch this afternoon, and I realized that I forgot to mention something in my original review - the staff here are freakin' amazing.I wandered in looking for a specific item (which turned out to cost more than I was willing to spend), and ended up finding something else that I didn't need, or even know that I wanted until I saw it.  A four inch springform pan.  I know, right?  Very friggin' cool.Anyhow, there were only two of the pans on the display floor, and I figured, "Hey, if I'm going to make small cakes, more is better, yeah?".  At that moment, one of the staff happened to walk by and asked if I needed help.  I told her that I would probably be happier if they had a couple more of those pans to sell me, and BAM!!!!!!!!  Three little old ladies leapt into action in order to find springform pans for me.(Ok, to ensure that they don't hunt me down and pull my intestines out through my navel, they weren't really old.  I was just going for dramatic effect.)So, to summarize, the level of customer service in this store is outstanding.  Check them out.  YOU won't regret it, but your bank account might.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/25/2012,4/14/2012,14,82,2,8,3>I'm a bra connoisseur...and know more about bras, fit & construction than the average 'Jane' and boutique employee. I've spent 5 years in a European-styled boutique doing fittings & alterations, and have just started sewing bras in the last few years. The selection when you walk in looks impressive, but it would depend on your size. I found the majority of the bra stock to be seamless/moulded cup bras. FYI - these offer the LEAST amount of support. The assortment of bras that they had in my size was minimal. The store seems to have a hodge-podge of items. I saw jewellery, a purse and misc. 'love shop' lotions. After finding the item I needed to go with a gown (lower cut, smooth) I wanted something for day-to-day wear with good support. I was sent out into the shop to shuffle through the racks to find things in my size. It's not my favourite way of doing things, and I can get disappointed when I see something I like, but it's not in my size. I ended up trying on 4 bras that 'met' my criteia (support & light coloured) so I didn't really think that was a great selection. In the end, I purchased the ol' stand by that I tend to pick up every now and again. The price was comparable to what I've paid at other boutiques in the past. The ladies there were friendly enough, but not overly educated on fit. It takes a lot of experience to get good in this business. One thing I didn't like is the reference to my breasts as 'boobs' & 'boobies'. I find it juvenille and unprofessional.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,4/13/2012,31,151,,14,12>Dear Yelpers,This place is wicked. It's in this little strip mall right near NAIT and I never would have ever gone there, except that a foodie friend of mine strongly recommended it to me... and it didn't let me down. When you enter it looks like a fast food place due to the large neon menu behind the cash, but it's totally a sit-down place too (liquor-licensed).I don't know if Tom is the owner but he was working the tables and is an extremely engaging guy. Funny and chatty, super nice too - he even changed the TV channel so that we could watch some NFL action! Food is very reasonably-priced (about $7-$10 for mains), and they have a decent vegetarian selection too. It's mostly Thai-inspired but I did see a pho option listed. We started with appetizer-sized tom yum soups - a savoury fragrant broth with some onions, cilantro, and I think fish sauce in it as well. You can also order a full-sized one which I imagine would have the mushrooms and shrimp in it, and they also have a tom yum noodle soup bowl that I would definitely try.My fiancé ordered the red chicken curry with potatoes, at the 2-pepper spice level (you can have up to 3), and it was perfect. You get a steaming bowl of jasmine rice, and a large bowl of tender dark chicken pieces and potatoes in a red curry coconut broth. So, so good.I ordered a supersized ($13) shrimp pad thai, at the 1.5-pepper spice level (also perfect). It's served on a long narrow rectangular plate - very pretty but I kept worrying that I was going to get noodles everywhere. You get 5 large shrimp on the bed of noodles, green onions, bean sprouts, peanuts, egg bits, and something so deliciously crunchy - I think it might have been a pickled carrot julienne? Noodles were perfectly resilient, and all the flavours were perfectly balanced, especially with a squirt of lime. I would definitely order it again but I look forward to trying out their other dishes! Thanks to the cook Monica for a delicious meal!The service was really exceptional. Even when we had to wait a little to pay, Tom kept conversing with us, asking if we minded waiting a minute, and making sure we knew that he hadn't forgotten about us. They do accept credit cards here and there is ample parking in the lot. Absolutely will be coming back here again and highly recommend this little gem to others!!
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,4/12/2012,79,38,7,8,7>If I could rate this place a 3.5, I would. Some of the turn-offs of Lucky 97 actually add to the experience...for example, I'd be annoyed with pushy customers at most grocery stores, but here it seems to add the busy, authentic feel of an ethnic shopping experience (slash is reminiscent of family events with far too many Filipina relatives crowded into the kitchen).The variety of produce available is impressive, and usually quite reasonably priced. Fresh herbs are especially cheap. Beware, though - I found snails in my mint before. Not a reason to avoid the herbs, because really, any fresh produce is at risk for creepy crawlies - just make sure to wash thoroughly!The staff aren't really that helpful. Once I had to ask where they kept the rice (the aisles had just been re-organized) and the employee looked at me like I was a fraud. The aisle with housewares is pretty fascinating - all sorts of random goodies. I bought a Hello Kitty contact case there! I don't even wear contacts, but I gave the case to my sister and she LOVED it. Great place for bulk dried shiitake mushrooms at a good price, seaweed that you would be hard-pressed to find anywhere else, and all sorts of less common spices. Good assortment of miso paste. As a treat I sometimes get assorted buns from the bakery. This supermarket isn't the most classy of venues, but who am I kidding, I'll be back time and again. Oh, and parking sucks. The parking lot is just asking for fender benders.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,4/11/2012,220,814,,6,4>Today was my first experience at The Pourhouse, and based on it I hope to be back soon. I loved the huge selection of beers, including ones offered on special or for a limited time. I tried one - a microbrew from Saskatoon that was smooth and mellow.I thought the menu was a but limited, but I think The Pourhouse is trying to be more of a specialty kind of place, being better at a few things instead of a soup-to-nuts kind of experience. I was tempted to try a hot dog, but opted for the vegan burger instead. This was one of the biggest, thickest veggie burgers I have ever had. I loved the roasted peppers and caramelized onions on top, and the crispy fresh whole wheat kaiser. One thing if you are a strict vegan - the pesto is not vegan, so you may want to skip it.I am very impressed with the fact that The Pourhouse does not have a deep fryer. Sides include salad, soup, coleslaw, or smashed potatoes. I opted for the smashed potatoes (not vegan - they have cream). The innards of at least two potatoes were indeed smashed on my plate, topped with green onions. They could have been a bit hotter, and the taste of garlic began to dominate after a while, but again the portion was enormous. I could not finish.Apparently the desserts here are divine (from what my waitress described) so I may have to head back just for coffee (or beer!) and a treat. Otherwise, I found this a classy pub that, while a bit on the more expensive side, offers a good experience.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,4/10/2012,13,51,,2,2>Love their coffee! Definitely the best on campus. I also really like the guys working there. I'm a regular and they all know what I want before I say a word, and if I forget to bring cash (they don't accept cards), which happened not too long ago, they tell me to just pay next time I stop by. In other words, excellent service! Prices are good too.I sometimes have their sandwiches, which I quite enjoy, but I rarely eat the pasta dishes served downstairs. Not because I think it is bad, but because I just don't want pasta for lunch.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2011,4/9/2012,27,18,,6,6>I LOVE the patio. It get's the sun from noon to 8pm, perfect for those Sunday fundays. And with decent drink / food specials you can have a blast.I don't have so much experience with weekend nights. The one time I went there and bought a single drink on my visa, they ended up charging someone else's $100+ meal to it. However, the manager handled things graciously when i returned.They also have a bus that takes you to the pint on whyte and back free of charge! What a great idea.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/14/2012,4/8/2012,155,209,,4,3>My veggie friend and I had plans for lunch and found ourselves at Cafe Mosiac.  We were seated promptly in the small restaurant and brought piping hot tea quickly.  The restaurant was very empty for lunch time so we basically had the place to ourselves.  I ordered the curry and my friend soup.  The curry was ok.  It was a bit sweet for my tastes, but the veggies were very fresh and plentiful.  I finished it and was full and we sat and talked for another three hours.  The room is comfortable and the prices are pretty good!  I can't say Cafe Mosiac left me dying to come back for more, but I am happy I finally made it to this little Whyte Ave cafe!
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,4/7/2012,44,18,3,6,5>It's somehow fitting that I write this review drunk on beer purchased at Sherbrooke...  Why must Edmonton's best beer store look so terrible?  Situated in a strip mall next to a VLT bar and tattoo parlour, one might drive by, cast a quick glance, and disregard it as the gathering place of kids looking to score Colt 45 for a cheap night in the ravine.  Don't be deceived.  Every beer available in Alberta can be found here.  With 851 to choose from, you can make a new friend every day and still not be finished two years later.  At Sherbrooke I have found beers I've loved in Australia, Tanzania, South Africa and Brazil.  But it's about the product, not pretension.  These are knowledgeable staff and adventurous beer makers, currently selling the tasty caramel-tinged Glenda Sherbrooke, at 18.5% and $6.99 a bottle the strongest beer bottled in this country, amazingly priced, and well worth stocking for a special occasion.  Their wines and scotches I have yet to explore, but both seem high-end and plentiful.  If you think light American beer is a step down from water, you're in the right place.  If you've ever wondered what an obscure Ukrainian beer might taste like, pop in.  Something in this place will make you smile.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,4/6/2012,292,404,3,11,6>It's hard to not give High Voltage a 5 star rating.  They're basically a gyros/falafel/donair place with also a few options for sandwiches served on white buns.  They have Montreal smoked meat too, but I'm not sure if I'd have it out here simply because I'm a man of principle - I need my smoked meat on rye!  I love the glasshouse feel of this place, and, one can look at the busy intersection of 63rd St and C-Tr while having lunch.  It's the whole romantic city life thing, you know?Okay... so, I would stick to their greek/middle eastern menu. I went with the falafel. I'm a bit of a sucker for falafel. Have had it at the following places in town: Colonel Mustard's, Dahilia's Bistro, Drift food truck and Cafe Beirut (not counting late night noshing out of desperation at one of the many crappy frier-joints on Whyte); and I unequivocally claim that the actual falafel balls here are the BEST.  They have the perfect combination of crispiness and crumbliness with delicious flavor.  I had the large falafel wrap and it comes pressed down by a panini press, seasoned with butter and spices on top.  Inside the wrap, one has the choice to add veggies from a list of 4-5.  They 'refuse' to put lettuce in it which I admire greatly (just the audacity to adhere to the way they think is correct, is admirable). The large falafel wrap costs $7.75 (GST included - cool right?) and I got a 10oz cup of latte to go for $2.25. So spent an even $10 for a humungous lunch and a cup of jolting java.  The latte is from one of those all in one machines which grinds the coffee, steams the milk and serves the latte at the press of a button.  It's not the best cup of coffee you could get but it sure adds to the humbling nature of this place. Simple ingredients, nothing fancy.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/8/2011,4/5/2012,12,62,,5,3>It's not the best pizza I've had but it is an awesome, unique place to go. The bulgogi pizza is really yummy, especially with ranch and teriyaki sauce drizzled liberally on top. Although I've heard that it gets really busy, I go earlier in the evening and it's nice and peaceful. My boyfriend and I split a pizza and it was only about $12.00.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,4/4/2012,65,170,,8,9>I've been a huge fan of the coffee from Catfish Coffee Roasters for a while.  What's not to like?  The beans are grown and harvested in environmentally and socially responsible ways.  And then they are roasted fresh, right here in Edmonton.  Plus, this is good stuff - every single roast I have tried has been delicious; even the decaf (which I am drinking now because of pregnancy) is robust and flavourful.  But I am also a huge fan of their customer service.  These people value their customers, and it shows.  I mean, how many businesses, when you leave your purchase on their counter (like an idiot) when rearranging your bags, will go out of their way to make sure you get that extraordinary cup of joe?  I really like doing business with my neighbours.  Especially when it's obvious that they value me as their neighbour, too.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,4/3/2012,33,149,,5,2>I've only been twice.When I called to see if I could be fit in, on the day of my first visit, the receptionist immediately attempted to accommodate my request -- and fortunately for me, the schedule had some give. It was on a Saturday, and the receptionist gave me clear directions on where to park and how to get to the location.When I arrived, he introduced himself (Constantine!), and gave me three pages for me to fill out regarding my information/history.The chiropractor, Dr. Yee, saw me shortly after my arrival and took a complete history, did a thorough exam, and then tried his best to fix me (apparently my upper spine/ribs are rather difficult to move). He was also personable.  The three "As": able, available, and affable.  This is what you want in a health care provider!His office also provides sport medicine consults and massage therapy and acupuncture. There's a small amount of free parking to be had; otherwise, arrive early and park across the street at the Meadowlark Mall.More updates as I see the need.EDIT: My second visit was of similar high quality as the first. Plus, I've had very little pain since! Success! THEN, a few days later, I received a follow-up phone call from Constantine to find out how I was doing. I really like their customer service. I'd given them 4.5 stars if I could. The only draw back is both times I was there, my asthma was triggered by a strong smelling ?oil used in the massage therapy room -- it wasn't a bad scent, either, but it makes me cough. However, I'm sure the scent is therapeutic to some people.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,4/2/2012,32,106,1,6,4>I went to El Rancho with a friend of mine who loves Latin cuisine. I'd never had a pupusa before, and had heard such good things, I thought it imperative that I try the place!There is essentially no atmosphere at El Rancho; when the server informed me that the restaurant had been recently renovated, I was kind of surprised, and thought they really needn't have bothered.The food, however, was absolutely delicious! My friend and I shared 3 pupusas (tortillas stuffed with cheese and pork), which came with fresh-tasting tomato sauce and delicious, spicy pickled cabbage. I was a bit nervous, as I'm not a fan of pork, but these were SO delicious. Next time, i think I will order a bunch of these for myself, instead of having some as an appetizer.For a main, I ordered the enchiladas; they were stuffed with chicken and topped with a flavourful mole sauce. They were delicious, as was the salad (what is in the dressing?!) but after the revelation that was the pupusas, the enchiladas couldn't compete. Dessert consisted of fried ice cream, which was served with whipped cream. Delicious, in the once-a-year kind of way. Next time I'd like to try the flan.We waited a long time for our receipt, as there was some confusion between the two servers that had taken care of us, but the wait was only around 5 minutes.My friend and I had a couple of beers to accompany the meal, and because of this wait, our server comp'd our drinks. I thought that was really nice, and it certainly solidified my stance that this is now my favourite Latin restaurant in the city. Go and try the pupusas!
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2011,4/1/2012,14,139,2,5,3>The food here is great, but its a little pricey. They definitely have a talented chef and use quality ingredients. If you like high end places, you will like this place. I haven't yet tried the pizza, but they've got one of those huge fancy pizza ovens in the middle of the restaurant, so I assume the pizza's are amazing. As with all restaurants on or near Whyte Ave, trying to find parking is a pain.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,3/31/2012,30,60,6,8,4>I first dined at I Love Sushi after having a bit too much to drink. I enjoyed it immensely, but didn't get around to going back until I began working a few blocks away. The place is much better when you're sober.I Love Sushi is a small Japanese restaurant in downtown Edmonton. As the name suggests, the focus is on sushi, but there are a few non-sushi options for those who aren't fans of seafood.I really enjoy this restaurant. Not only is the quality of the food very high -- it's one of the best sushi places in Edmonton -- the staff are friendly and the atmosphere is always peaceful and relaxing. Even during the lunch rush, a trip to I Love Sushi feels like a nice escape from the hectic workday. That said, because it is so small, it's best to arrive early if you want to get a table. I tend to go late -- around 1:30pm -- to avoid the lunch rush, but not everyone has the flexibility to move their lunch schedule around.The prices are good and the food is great (not as good as in Vancouver but, hey, we're on the prairies). If you're looking for good sushi downtown, I highly recommend I Love Sushi.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2011,3/30/2012,10,40,,5,3>My husband and I had the pleasure of dining at The Marc recently with another couple and we could not have enjoyed the entire evening more! We were welcomed very warmly upon our arrival and this definitely set the tone for the night. If this type of service carries through to the meal, we thought, then we have found a wonderful restaurant. Yup, the meal and the service were both exceptional! Prices are very reasonable given the quality of the food. This restaurant has a lively and energetic vibe to it. Definitely one of the best restaurants in Edmonton!
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,3/29/2012,20,40,3,4,6>There is something about the name that just doesn't sit right with me, so it generally isn't on that list of "go to" places. However, every time I end up here I wonder why I don't come more often. I planned an unplanned get together of staff from work and chose Schanks for the size and the options. About 20 of us showed up and sat together for about the first hour or so, then we started drifting to different parts of the bar.Some went to bet the ponies, some were playing pool and others checked out the bowling alley. Of course there were a few of us that just focused on the drinking and eating.The food is bar food, but decent bar food. The drinks are wet and thirst quenching. Overall you will get more for your dollar at Schanks than at some of the other whistle wetter locations in the neighbourhood.Even with the bad name, I will be back!
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,3/28/2012,17,87,,5,3>I went here for lunch today with my Mom..it was a nice little pub, the food was tasty, the service was really good, and the atmosphere was really good. My mom had the potato soup and lambwhich..and I had the butter chicken curry with green onion cakes. The food was good and reasonably priced. Definitely a great place to hang out on a warm Sunday in spring :)
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/1/2011,3/27/2012,53,82,7,4,3>I like the Kinsmen. It's my go-to city gym. You can't beat the price -- I pay less than $50 a month. But there's definitely a trade-off for the price, since the facilitate is very busy during peak hours.I find the best time to go and work out is after 7 or 8 pm. Otherwise the weight rooms are full of people who really like to grunt and sweat.You'll always seem something hilarious happening here. The other day I saw four giant dudes lifting weights and taking pictures of it. It was weird. If you're friends with these dudes, I'm sure you'll see these pictures on Facebook soon.Besides that, the Kinsmen's a decent gym. Usually pretty clean, and if you go there on during off peak hours, you can get some quality work out time to yourself.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2012,3/26/2012,81,166,5,8,5>I have a serious problem with Olive Me: their olives are way too good for me to resist and way too expensive for me to make a habit of.I love olives. I swear I could eat them all day, everyday and not get sick of them. After realizing there was a speciality shop within walking distance of my apartment, I knew I had to try it.As was recommended to me, I wanted to try a package of blue cheese olives. I was disappointed to see there weren't any left behind the counter (I came near the end of the day). However, the owner was happy to tell me that she was just finishing up packaging some and if I didn't mind waiting, she could get them for me. I also went for a container of the classic kalamata olives for a dish I was planning on making.I sampled the blue cheese olives right when I got back to my apartment... and by sampled I mean I ate nearly half the package in a single sitting. Clearly I have no willpower! The kalamatas were equally fantastic.While I can't afford to buy their olives all the time, I will definitely stop by if I'm ever hosting a get-together.... or if I want to treat myself!
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2011,3/24/2012,19,76,,7,6>I fell in love with theatre and musicals at an early age and the citadel has been a big part of my growth and love with theatre all the way along. Over the years they have done several upgrades to the facility but the theatres have remained the same. First there is the Shoctor Theatre. This is the most traditional of the three with the stage in front, room for an orchestra pit, and then the seats rising at an average incline out in front of the stage. In general this one is used for the bigger productions (like My Fair Lady, Oliver, Beauty and the Beast, etc.). I like that the seats are not too close together - there is lots of room for knees and elbows! My favorite seats are rows B-D numbers 12-22.Next there is the more contemporary Maclab Theatre. When you walk in you are at the top of seats of the theatre and everything is below. The seats are at a very steep incline (the next person's head is at your knees) and then the stage is flat at the level of the first row's feet. If you sit in the first row your eye level would be at the performer's waist. There are entrances for performers from behind the stage and then two wings that disappear into the audience but not the traditional side entrances. My favorite seats are LC or RC row B-D any numbers. Finally there is the smallest, most contemporary Rice Theatre. I have only been in this one once so I cannot accurately describe the overall feel and set up. When I was in it the seats had more of a bleacher feel to it. So you walked in on the stage level and then up into bleachers. The stage felt like a "black hole" and actors almost appeared out of nowhere. As I am not experienced with this venue I cannot recommend seats.I think the ticket pricing (around $60 for an adult ticket) is really fair for the value (considering a ticket for a Broadway Across Canada performance is over $100). I really enjoy that all of the productions are professionally done and support the arts in Edmonton.So far this year I have seen 'Hunchback' in the Shoctor and 'The Three Musketeers' in the Maclab both were phenomenal and I can't wait to see 'Little Women: The Broadway Musical' which is the season closer. They have already announced the program for next season and there are at least 4 productions that I will be attending!
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2011,3/23/2012,31,99,5,8,6>I was introduced to La Shish by some friends and was totally doubtful when I walked in. I've had a few brushes with middle eastern food and it has never been my favorite. But La Shish Taouk has won me over.I've only eaten on the "sit down" side of the restaurant, but it is very spacious and it has never been horrendously busy or loud whenever I've been in. The service is consistently good and my servers have always been friendly, attentive and personable. I can never get over how big the serving sizes are - no matter what you order, prepare to walk out full! I adore the Chicken Schwarma (I'm a newbie!! I haven't ventured past that but I do love it so much!!) - the chicken is tender and well flavored, the rice is amazing and there is SO much of it, the cucumber/tomato/pepper salad is out of this world and the GARLIC SAUCE.... oh man, I stink so bad after, but it's worth it. They basically serve all your chicken on top of your rice and it's just such an easy, comforting meal. I love that everything is conveniently pre-cut up, haha. Other great dishes are the hummus, the baba ganoush (eggplant dip!! so yummy) and the lamb (so I've heard! My boyfriend adores it!).Value wise, you're in for an affordable meal and it's always fun to have a relax session with the hookah as well. Try the grape! It's amazing!!
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/28/2011,3/22/2012,14,25,4,4,1>I got to use THE MATRIX! What an epic name for a tanning bed! And it spoke to me with a sexy, British woman's voice which almost made me pee myself in fear of the unknown...that would have been embarrassing..But in all seriousness, THE MATRIX was amazing! I haven't been tanning in months and after 12 minutes in that baby I already have a sweet base tan, I'll be a bronzed goddess in no time at all! YES!!!!! The rest of the salon, or what I could see anyway as it was so dark and gloomy in there, seemed clean and sterile(I hope so...) The room was big, but not inviting, but you could change the music to your very own preference which is rare in tanning salons and that was a definite plus! The girl working the front counter was nice and helpful enough, just all business up in thurr! Unfortunately I did not get to hear the owner make fun of other people, if that is what he does, le sigh...maybe next time. But I will definitely be back to use..dun dun dun da! THE MATRIX!!!!!!!
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2012,3/21/2012,3,29,,4,3>love this place! the food is fresh and arranged nicely. in fact, the sushi chef is an artist! the owners are korean and super friendly. they serve japanese as well as korean cuisine. the korean dishes are sometimes really spicy. not bad at all if you're into that! everything we've had here is awesome! :-) i would definitely recommend this place.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,3/20/2012,56,221,,3,4>One of my favourite places to stop for lunch in the South. I get the Jerk Chicken and its the best ever. The portions are large and your licking your plate clean. Also get the beef patty I think it is, cant remember. Even that was fantastic so good it wiped my memory. You are so full after you finished your meal. The staff is super friendly, love to talk.  Its very inviting. The issue is it is by two highschools so it can get pretty packed. If you can go a little early I would recommend it.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,3/19/2012,12,34,10,11,10>Just a quick update from my previous review way, way back in 2011. Food and service remains above and beyond. I adore seeing Shyla and Dave, who are just genuinely kind human beings. The prices, if memory serves me right, haven't even changed from when I first discovered Sequel back in 2011. I personally really love the decor and ambience. I love the shade of purple ( my favourite colour ever) they have on the walls. It is always clean and well kept. This place is a gem, and I always leave with a full tummy (perhaps a little too full!) and a smile.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,3/18/2012,36,173,,11,1>I usually go to Regis Hair Salon when it's time for a cut or colour but I was going to a concert one night with a friend she told me she was going to go get her hair done at this Roxx place so I decided to phone and book an appointment and give it a try. I also wanted to get a trim and get my bangs cut. I walked in to a very trendy, clean looking salon. I didn't have to wait long and I really liked the stylist who did my hair as she was very friendly and fun/easy to chat with. She knew exactly what I was looking for and understood what I was talking about (surprisingly so as I am not the best at describing what I want done to my hair). She was quick and she did a really good job styling my hair the way I wanted it (and she was picky about it - like she actually cared about the way it turned out!?!?! I liked that cuz I am super picky about my hair when I get it styled and usually end up disappointed with it). So I get up to pay and I'm just bracing myself - this place looks really classy so I was expecting high prices. Not really at all - it was less than what I usually pay at Regis and I was waaaaay happier with the quality of service there! I definitely recommend this place and will for sure be back next time! Sorry Regis but you have been replaced!!!
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2011,3/17/2012,14,39,4,5,4>The Princess Theatre plays to its strengths. Its screen isn't flashy and its sound system won't cause tinnitus; the movies it screens wouldn't benefit from the latest equipment.I like the option to feel all bourgeoisie and sit in the balcony. That feeling is somewhat mitigated by the fact that I got the student discount using a card that may or may not be expired. Even without the student discount prices are cheap, especially on Monday. Concession is cheaper than at other theatres too.I'm sure I'll come back many times to see interesting movies at a good price.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2011,3/16/2012,47,31,,7,3>I've worked (literally) next door to the Duchess for two years now, so it's safe to say that I've tried 98% of their menu.  It's all amazing.  But there are more than enough testimonies to their food on here.  Most recently, we've all been anxiously awaiting the opening of their new space, and now that it has, have had some time to really enjoy it.The best part of the Duchess has always been their attention to detail.  From how the employees dress, to the stylized interior of the shop, to the incredible quality of their baked goods, you have a real experience every time you walk in. And it's what I would like to imagine walking into a bakery in Paris feels like.  A lot of the comments here from people who have been to bakeries in Paris have said the same thing, and that's a pretty amazing feeling to have in off-downtown Edmonton.Their new space has taken this exact feeling and expanded on it.  While their fare hasn't changed (grown) as much as we hoped (maybe it will in the future), they've kept all the stylings that made them so popular and replicated it into a larger space.  Walking in to get a drink when every table is full of people happily chatting away feels great.  And you can still get the same amazing blueberry scones, super-dense chocolate brownies or amazing chai lattes as you could before.If you haven't been there before, it really is a must-see food destination in Edmonton.  If you've already been there, you'll love what they've done with the place.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,3/15/2012,38,68,,5,2>I've been getting my hair cut here for the last few years. I found a great stylist here then she left but I kept going. I almost always get a great cut & style which is modern. The prices are reasonable ($35 for ladies) and the end result is as good as any over-priced high-end salon.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,3/14/2012,32,60,3,7,4>Best burger place in Edmonton area, beats Fat Burger Any day, It's fast, good service, extremely customizable menu, like you pick every single bit of your order. Makes the best milkshakes in town, cause they use the good expensive ice cream, not like other restaurants that use cheap ice cream that taste plain. Burgers here look exactly like they are displayed on the pictures, which surprised me. Only thing bad is the location of the place, its located in the middle of no where hiding behind car dealerships and factory's, they need to get more advertisement out there. I'm definitely  putting a good word out to people i know. If i was hungry and craving a burger, i would drive 45 minutes just to go to this place.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,3/13/2012,102,42,3,3,2>One of my favorite foods for lunch is definitely a delicious salad and I have to say The Chopped Leaf did not disappoint.  I ordered the sunshine salad but substituted tofu for chicken and it was very delicious.  I usually find the dressing either makes or breaks the salad and this dressing was delicious and the right amount was used as nothing is worse than a over dressed soggy salad.  My only complaint was I was hoping to have the tuna with the salad but when I found out it was from a can I chose to do tofu as I can throw a can of tuna on a salad at home and it won't be $3 extra.  But other than that, I am definitely planning on coming back, I heard amazingness about the peanut dressing so I must try a salad with it!  Another plus is that The Chopped Leaf is very quick which is always for lunch :)
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,3/12/2012,40,145,2,7,4>Just a warning for those really hungry - Ethiopian food takes a while to cook regardless of the meat so the waiting time might take awhile.With that said, I believe Langano Skies is a hidden gem for Edmonton. We're constantly being reminded of the common restaurants from friends, TV, magazines about great steaks, gourmet burgers, or fast fried Asian cuisine.I truly believe that Langano Skies is an opportunity for people to experience a change of scenery. Too often are we always tasting the same barbequed beef or looking at the same slab of beef patty assembled on a tower of bread, lettuce, tomatoes and a side of fries. All in the comfort of dimly lit dining halls with waitresses wearing the same tight pair of black pants and low cut top (not that I'm complaining). After awhile, I, personally, get a little bored with this trend and the ever popular trend of overcharging meals for the sake of promoting local food producers and organic suppliers.Langano Skies has a charm to it that you can't really find anywhere else with their decorative portraits on the walls to the blue sky with clouds painted on the ceiling.Our server expertly took all of our orders (party of 6) down without a pad of paper.The experience itself was humbling as we were served what looked like common stew with naan bread. But as soon as you pick the bread (I can't spell it but it's very porous and sounds like "injara") and scoop some stew, it's very hard to describe.You have spices dancing around the sour-dough type pancake consistency bread. You've got vegetables and meat exchanging flavor information. And of course, you have friends who are experiencing the same party in your mouth.I have to recommend the vegetable stew with the potatoes, chicken, and beef. Some have quite the kick which is a nice pairing with the injara and some are flavored evenly.Just a note: try not to eat too much of the bread or you'll be too stuffed to finish the entreé!
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2011,3/11/2012,45,119,2,4,2>I've been here a few times and always had the same thing each time - the rib plate which comes with perogies, cheese buns and crepes. I loved it the first time and gone with it every other time I've been there. The ribs are very tender and with all the sides, it's quite the meal, especially for $10.25. I really enjoy the perogies, crepes and cheese buns. I tried the sour cabbage rolls last time, as I found the sweet ones a little boring. They were better.I've always left full, satisfied and didn't really have to spend much. If you're under 50, you're probably bringing the average age of the joint down by quite a bit, but that's fine by me. As they seem to cater to an older crowd, they also close early, at 7 p.m. If you want a great meal in a down-to-earth atmosphere that isn't too hard on your wallet, it would be tough to find a better place than Uncle Ed's.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,3/10/2012,70,102,,2,2>A bunch of us came in here on Saturday night for karaoke..and the game. Alot of fun for sure. Great variety of beers and great bar fare.. We all had Nachos and Chicken wings, the usual snacks to go with beer. Service is great, and the guys all loved the big screen for sports, to watch the hockey game....Truly a great English Pub.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/26/2012,3/9/2012,11,39,,3,2>44o4 is a recently-renovated restaurant inside the Delta Hotel South (though has its own entrance from outside). The interior looks classy, modern, and comfortable, certainly good as a first impression. However, I found the food and service to be lacking.The restaurant was almost empty just after 7pm or so, and everyone there had been seated in a corner far away from the kitchen. Looking out at a bunch of empty tables between us and the kitchen was a little awkward, particularly when watching our waiter climb the stairs and weave among empty tables just to get to us.Service felt slow despite there being 2 servers waiting on no more than 6 tables. I observed some people waiting at least 15-20 minutes for their bill as well, as it was difficult to flag down a server from the secluded corner we were all seated in. We had to wait about 10 minutes to be asked for our drink orders, at which point we ordered all our food as well. We were warned they were very busy tonight (perhaps a function inside the hotel? The restaurant was certainly not busy) and the food might be a bit slow getting out. Drinks came about 10 minutes later. My beer wasn't cold and didn't come with a glass, which didn't mesh with the atmosphere of the restaurant. Despite the warning of how busy they were, our food came fairly quickly. While our appetizers were decent, my main course caesar salad with grilled chicken was disappointing. The lettuce was about half green, half yellow, with the green being limp. It was overdressed, had too much cheese, and was far too salty. It was topped with crispy duck bacon, which I found to taste horrible and make the salty situation worse. It came with a thin strip of garlic bread which was soaked with butter and didn't seem very fresh. The small grilled chicken breast (a $5 addition to the salad) was bland and dry.The menu had no discernible theme, containing everything from steak to stir fry to Indian food, and nothing stood out as being particularly enticing. I may go back to try something else, but it wasn't a good first impression.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,3/8/2012,31,124,6,10,8>Over the last few years, I have become disenchanted with meat.It seemed like no matter what type of meat we got, or how we prepared it, it just wasn't very good.  Dry, tough, and chewy - it was almost enough to make me go veggie.Thankfully we found Acme Meat Market before I made that leap!Corey and the staff at Acme are so friendly and always happy to help you out with all your meat needs. The meat we get from Acme is exactly the opposite from the meat we were buying before - it doesn't matter what type of meat we get, or how we prepare it, it is always SO good!I am not a good cook by any stretch of the imagination, but I butchered a couple of rib-eye steaks that we got from Acme (not "butchered" like Corey the butcher butchers steaks, but "butchered" like I had no business to be even touching them) and yet, they were still so tender and juicy that my husband was begging me to find out what I did to make them so good.You know its good meat, if it can make ME look like a good cook!Its definitely a bit pricier than the big grocers, but we are learning that you really do get what you pay for.Acme is a great local, independent business, run by fantastic people who go out of the their way to support the community and offer a superior product - you just can't go wrong with that.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,3/6/2012,49,125,3,6,5>After reading the review about this place I was on a mission that day. I've never had any Korean food before so I didn't even know what I was in for. This place IS tucked in in a weird place and I wouldn't look twice driving past but it's inside is much more flattering then the outside. It has a very cute and humble look, red tables and chairs, a skinny hallway leading to the lime green bathrooms. ( I laughed because being 5'10 and having to bend down and use the sink, never mind trying to look in the mirror..) Our waitress was awesome, being the only non-Koreans in there she was extremely helpful with the menu. We ordered some BBQ Short ribs, noodles in black bean sauce and some deep fried chicken in red pepper and garlic sauce. Right before our food came we got 3 small little "side" dishes.. one had onions and pickled radish to dip in black bean sauce and she said the third was "something like kim chi". My favorite was the little yellow radishes, the "kim chi" didn't really have too much flavor and the onion well.. it was an onion. First was the chicken, a HEAPING plate of it. Seriously, the portions here were so outrageous. Then came our plate of noodles and then last but not least the delicious BBQ. Along with that she gave us a set of tongs and scissors which we were clueless at first but once we started digging in it made so much sense. Our waitress came back and offered to cut our short ribs because she wasn't busy doing anything else. Can you even get better service then that? All she has to do is feed me now ! The chicken was cooked perfect, not too much batter and the spices tasted so fresh. All the flavors melded perfect and it all settled in with a sharp kick at the end. The noodles were a bit bland, there were small chunks of potato mixed in, I want to say sweet potatoe?? But it was just okay, I think it would have been better with meat mixed in. And lastly the short ribs, so delicious! I've never had anything like it before. They were a bit tough so cutting them with the scissors worked awesome and I was in Korean BBQ heaven. The two of us barely dented all this food, there was over half of it left and it was only $53. Not too bad ! And to impress me more the chef came out and was greeting everyone and cutting someones ribs for them while making small talk. I will definitely be calling home about this one !*Also to add, this place has a definitely Motoraunt feel to it if you ever got to experience that. Very cute, has books for reading, great friendly service.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,3/5/2012,34,76,,4,5>I discovered this bakery at 93st and 118 ave because they supply the ciabatta buns for my favourite sandwich place. The buns are huge, and nice and moist inside... perfect for sandwiches. They have many other types of breads and a small deli counter. I'm anxious to try the other breads, if I ever tire of the ciabatta buns. The baked goods all look quite good, and the couple i've tried were in fact quite tasty. They also have fresh sandwiches available, and a coffee/ espresso bar with a few tables to sit and visit at, which is nice when you need to get a break before hauling those big-ass ciabatta buns home. Maybe check it out on a thursday evening, then you can head to the weekly farmers market across the street.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,3/4/2012,94,253,5,4,5>Istanbul was Constantinople now it's Istanbul not Constantinople...well, I could go on... Istanbul is one of a handful of Turkish restaurants in Edmonton, and this kitchen rules as far as I am concerned. Intimate, cozy atmosphere, excellent service, subtle background music and delicious food make this north side spot a treat. I highly recommend ordering the platter, which has enough food for at least two people. We savoured three kinds of kebabs: lamb, chicken and beef, all of which were juicy and cooked to perfection. The hummus and pitas cry out for another bite and then another. The Turkish tea is a work of art. A tall, ornate pot with tiny, matching cups coaxes the diner to mindfully sip this tannin-rich, sugar-sweet beverage in calm repose. A beautiful end to a well-composed, exotic meal.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/10/2011,3/3/2012,8,41,,5,4>This cafe is one of those places that is so much more.  This place is a community builder, just up to you to make it happen!  There is indeed a cafe on the main level, serving a limited selection of lattes, tea, coffee, and beer.  They also serve some home cookin' style food.  Rather expensive, but it comes with a "mum loves ya" sort of attitude.  I had the chili small sized, and I found it to be a nice meal, not too large at $6.  My companion had the ribs, quite expensive at $13, and not too much meat.  Excellent salad came with it tho.There are several tables in the cafe area, and two large tables a little further in.  What sets this cafe apart is the stage equipped with drums and guitars!  They simply ask you neatly coil the cables after use.  There is art you can buy on the walls, soap made locally, books to buy, and a cd collection to play.On the second floor, there are at least two rooms, seeming to be general gathering and meeting rooms.  I attended a permaculture workshop in one of the rooms, and found it to be quite a good space for it.The cafe is tucked down a side street, but there seems to be a sandwich board on the main street pointing the way.  It is right next to the Wholesale Club.  The parking is extraordinarily limited out front, but the wholesale club seems to allow parking there too.This place is like a blank canvas, waiting for our touch as a community.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,3/2/2012,95,32,4,6,5>I love this place! My husband and I were married abroad. When we arrived back in Canada we had a themed party at Moriarty's. We met in Paris so we had a Moulin Rouge theme. Black, red and white. A friend of mine mentioned this place and I went to check it out. Fell in love. There was no need to decorate. The decor was perfect!I love the seating in Moriarty's. You can choose a more intimate booth, table seating, or a large party seating at their long table. There is even room at the bar.The staff are super knowledgeable about their wine, drink, and food options. They understand that every bottle of wine will taste different. If you order something and you do not like it when you sample it, no prob, change to something else.The wine selections are beautiful. There is an Italian white that I love there. Their food options are beautiful too. You can choose from great shared items or have a full course meal.Upon summer, there is an awesome patio that seats many people!Great place for after work drinks and food, before a performance downtown, or just for fun!
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2011,3/1/2012,46,142,,6,5>This store gets around.We've followed them from Rice Howard Way to 109 St to their new spot tucked behind Planet Organic (79 ave & 104 st). They are worth tracking down if you are an audiophile. Astounding selection of jazz, blues  & classical music and high end home sound systems. They claim to have the largest collection of jazz and blues recordings. I think it's an accurate assessment.Staff are quick to check if you need help, but give you plenty of space to peruse at your leisure. We always go home with more than we came for and a new discovery.  There is so much music to explore.Support your local music store and the artists that created it. Visit the Gramophone and go on a musical adventure.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,2/29/2012,142,215,3,3,3>This is one of my favorite cafes in the city, and my must-go-to spot on a rainy day. Across the street from the library, I regularly settle in to one of Three Banana's chairs to read after picking up my usual rounds of books. It's a perfect location, and the glass walls are my favorite to peer through when it's pouring outside. Their lattes are big & delicious, and food isn't bad either -- actually, the pizza is pretty amazing! Unfortunately they stop serving breakfast in the morning, which doesn't really cater to my unmotivated days when I don't make my rounds to the library & coffee shop until mid-afternoon. Nevertheless, the staff is always there to cheer me. Friendly & gracious, and excellent baristas, I love visiting Three Bananas as one of Edmonton's gems as far as local businesses go!
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,2/28/2012,6,17,,6,4>If you're looking for some excellent Thai food in Edmonton then you needn't look any further.  The Thai Orchid has been a favorite of mine since I first discovered it four years ago.  The portions are a bit small but the quality of the food is fantastic.  I think the chef in this little restaurant is more concerned with flattering you pallet as opposed to your stomach!  Whenever I go I make sure to order a few things. 1) The Chicken Satay which is really quite tasty.  2) The Coconut Rice simply for the great taste.  3) The Thai Iced Tea.  I really can't say enough good things about the Thai Iced Tea.  You just have to try it, and I'm sure you'll fall in love with it as I have.  The service is very friendly, respectable, and polite.  The atmosphere is small but intimate and romantic.  A great place for a first or second date.  This is a restaurant you don't want to miss!
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2011,2/27/2012,20,116,,3,4>After having tried to get to Niche once, earlier in the spring, it was nice to get there in June :-]Not sure of what to expect when we walked in; it is quite small, but cozy, we enjoyed the easy vibe and also were greeted by a very personable waiter.They have a bar at which folks can eat as well as enjoy an "aperitivo".  We were seated at a high table.  Having read the specials, I chose to be daring and order something completely new for me:  Halibut cheeks.  My friends from NF may be laughing about now, however, an Ital-Amer gal from Detroit City...well, enough said ;-]I was happily surprised and very satisfied with my selection:  Halibut cheeks with Prawns, Scallops on a fresh herbed risotto with bacon, corn and grana padana gremolata.  I started my meal with the cheese plate (no worries for blueberry based coulis here ;-] ), whereas my companion had the tomato and bocconcini salad.  My companion had the Tuna which he too enjoyed very much as it was very fresh tasting.  We ordered a bottle of champagne, however, I spied the sangria pitcher at the bar and would like to return to have it since I have read how delicious it is.  Dessert didn't disappoint either:  Coconut lemon tarte with kiwi strawberry salsa....VERY nice and perfect for a summer evening.In all, it was a really good experience and would return here again, easily and with no hesitation :-]
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/8/2011,2/26/2012,89,141,3,4,4>Ah, Garden Bakery. You're my go-to if I want Asian-style baked goods, like taro or coconut buns, and you have the best little custard fruit tarts! I wish I go there when things are more freshly baked, because there's nothing like sesame seed balls filled with red bean when they're hot and fresh, and perfectly gooey. Still, you fill the hole in my heart when I want cheap and tasty baked goods. No frou frou fanciness here, just taste.I normally don't sit at the restaurant, as Double Greetings is my greasy Chinese go-to place, but once in a while, I've eaten here and haven't been disappointed. You're also one of the few places that sells deep fried pig intestines -- gross for some, yum for me! My widening belly can attest to that!It's too bad you're in a slightly sketchy part of town. It's not your fault that a homeless shelter is half a block away. I just hope that the upcoming gentrification due to condo developers, Epcor tower, and possible arena won't push you out due to rent, and rather elevate your business so that people don't judge you for your slightly shady outside, so they can have a chance at your egg tarts and more.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2011,2/25/2012,21,31,3,6,6>Fun fact: I like scotch. It's one of my favourite things - right up there with steak. Now, admittedly The Bothy doesn't offer steak... but it more than makes up for that issue with one of the best scotch selections I've ever seen.If you're a scotch lover, like me, The Bothy needs to be on your "to visit" list. Be sure to get yourself a passport - it's about $15 and is a full listing of their scotch selection with spaces for you to write your thoughts on each one as you experience it. It even comes with a scotch glass to take home at the end of the night. They also offer flights of scotch - a little scotch adventure that lets you sample three or four at a time.Oh, and they have wine. But let's be honest, it's the scotch that makes this place stand out.That all said, does the incredibly deep selection of scotches alone merit five stars? No. Fortunately, The Bothy also has a decent menu meant to round out the amazing drink selection. In particular, you can build your own charcuterie and cheese plate. They also have a friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating staff.I was tempted to take off a star due to the price range being a little higher than I'm normally comfortable with... but honestly, I can't fault them the price point, and it didn't in any way detract from my experiences here.The Bothy is a great place to go for an evening with good friends and a glass of scotch. It's absolutely going to become a semi-regular haunt for me.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2011,2/24/2012,96,96,,4,4>Da Capo reminds me of the cute little cafes I visited in Italy, very authentic! Plus I love the Garneau area. I have only gone in so far for gelato, which I am going to claim is the best in Edmonton, but I really want to try their pizzas! They look delicious!I have tried the tiramisu and cinnamon gelato so far. Both were SO good. They have a large selection though and rotate the menu as well. I only wish they had a few more fruit flavors. The service here is always really friendly and they don't complain when you ask to try a million flavors before you make up your mind. They tend to keep a lot of the Italian names so tasting is a must to figure out the flavors!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,2/23/2012,65,39,10,5,6>This Baseball Bat is a piece of Edmontonia. People seem to really rag on this $80,000 piece of public art, which is to commemorate our baseball history.Granted, Edmonton is more of a hockey town - but from the Edmonton Legislatures to the Edmonton Oilers (yes, a baseball club firstly) - it's a piece of our history.Two fun facts about this baseball bat that are often overlooked:1. It's the worlds largest baseball bat! Surely there is *some* pride in having a giant baseball bat once you know that it's a world-recording holding piece of art.2. It spins! That's right, grab some friends, head down to the baseball bat and start spinning. You can push it solo, but let me warn you - it gets pretty tough when you're moving around the southern bend.Need a good work out spot? Park near the Alberta Avenue Community League and walk/jog the few blocks to the bat. Once there, spin it! Trust me, it can be quite the upper body work out. As an added bonus, the shocked look of people walking/driving by when they see the bat actually spins is definitely worth it.If my review of this darling piece of Edmontonia hasn't swayed you, at least one thing may make you feel a bit better... It cost way less than the Talus Dome! ($600,000)
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2012,2/22/2012,50,288,,5,3>Rockford is a restaurant attached to the new Sandman Hotel on the southside just off Ellerslie road. My friends suggested going there for dinner.  The restaurant was busy, but not too busy. My friends and I showed up at a 6pm on a Friday night and we were seated right away. Of course there was just three of us, if our party had been bigger we may have made reservations. The restaurant décor is very modern looking. Black, white, grey for the colour scheme. The ceiling lights look like giant lamp shades. Bamboo table tops (although it could be faux bamboo, I'm not sure). The bathrooms were also very interesting, in a good way. Instead of having one men's and one women's, there were six mini bathrooms, three on the left side and three on the right. Each bathroom had it's own door that locked (and a real door floor to ceiling, not a bathroom stall door). The bathroom was long and narrow, with a toilet on the end, and a small sink on the other end. Of course having an individual bathroom means that the "I have to go to the bathroom" excuse that women use to talk to their friends won't work... unless you don't mind things getting a little awkward. The restaurant is apparently is a little more casual, and a little less pricey than Chop, the other restaurant at the Sandman (which I haven't been to). There were some families dining at Rockford, but it certainly wasn't like what I think of when I think of family dining (places like Red Robin's comes to mind). I don't know I'd say it's a family or romantic atmosphere, but it's nice. A little bit more than casual without being super expensive. For food there's actually a nice variety of options. All the food is MSG free, which is great for me because MSG really bothers me. There were a few vegetarian options on the menu, and several dishes that could probably be made vegetarian if need be. The menu also says there are several dishes that can be made Gluten free is asked. They had some steak and chicken dishes, some burgers and sandwiches, some pasta dishes, and some Asian inspired dishes. Rockford is also open for breakfast, which makes sense seeing as the restaurant is at a hotel. I started with the Friday drink special - the Full Moon Ice Tea for $4.50. It was a refreshing combination of lychee liquor and ice tea, quite delicious. They apparently have their own beer as well, which I would be interested to try. I ordered the teriyaki chicken rice bowl. A lot of times at restaurants you get teriyaki chicken and it's chicken, rice or noodles, and a few pathetic looking vegetables drowning in an ocean of syrupy brown teriyaki sauce. This dish had a lot of vegetable, so much so that I was sort of shocked by it, and there was a good amount of rice and chicken. The sauce was delicious, light, and there wasn't too much it. I could actually see what the vegetables looked like because they weren't drenched in teriyaki sauce. The portion sizes I found to be really good for the price paid. Both the drink and my meal came to about $20 before tip, and there was so much food that I could only eat about half of it. Rockford Grill was quite good. I'd definitely come back.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2011,2/21/2012,164,49,,4,4>Absolutely delicious and amazing value. So good I went back and I'll definitely go back again.Both the beef and the chicken schwarma remind me of just how bland so much of our food is. Spices. Garlic. Aroma. 25 different delicious smells and tastes all at the same time!Sure the space is unassuming and casual, but the food is anything but. I can't even finish my review without drooling as I think about warm pitas, spicy chicken, delicious hummus and amazing salads...
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,2/20/2012,4,24,,40,5>After waiting for three months for another company to cut and install a new window into our basement, we called Complete Concrete and they came out and put in a nice legal egress window within two weeks. I found Complete through Derrick, the top concrete cutters in Edmonton, who recommended Complete because Complete does the whole thing: cut, provide the window, install, seal, everything. They will even dig for the access if necessary. They got the job done in about five hours. Complete put in a 42" X 22" Peace EZ Escape window that pops out for egress, making the basement bedroom legal, but without cutting such a big hole that it made us worry about leaks. Some of the hopper and slider windows other companies put in have to go really deep, and that's like having a well right next to your foundation. Complete keeps these windows in stock, so no waiting around for the window to come in and the hassle that goes with that. Also, because they order so many of these windows that they pass the savings along to the customer. It's probably half the price of a window that you would custom order. It took a good bit of sleuthing to find Complete Concrete, I had to go back to Pleistocene era technology - cold calling on a telephone to find a company that could do what we want. Complete gets their business almost entirely through word-of-mouth, and even with no advertising they are so busy that I am just one of three jobs they are doing today. This is a family run business that's been in Edmonton for a long time. I was very pleased.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,2/19/2012,158,543,,5,4>Best second hand children's clothing in town!When I was pregnant with my first child, my mother and I went to EVERY single consignment and used baby/children's shop we could find in Edmonton (about 15 of them)... many of which are now closed due to poor quality.Once Upon A Child stood out leaps and bounds beyond the rest!  Their standard for quality is great!  They do not accept dated or stained clothing unlike many of the used and consignment chops in town!They have a stamp card that you get stamped for every $10 in purchases... after filling up the card you get 20% off your next purchase.They also carry some new items including Bumbos and Robeez shoes!They aren't a consignment store but rather a used store where you can sell your gently used children's clothing for store credit or cash.  If you select store credit to be used the same day - you save the GST on your purchase!They carry toys, strollers, cribs, high chairs, books, DVDs, and clothing!They carry children's clothing up to size 7 or 8.  However, I have found that used children's clothing 2T and under is usually of the best quality because wee ones often wear their clothing only a few times - especially one time only holiday dresses.  Once the kids are toddlers and running amok and eating grown up foods and growing slower it makes more sense that the clothing would be more worn.  For 2T and under... why pay new when you can get close to new at a fraction of the cost?!?
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2011,2/18/2012,67,269,,5,3>Victoria Promenade is the kind of thing that's missing from a lot of our river valley. It runs along 100 Ave from 117 St to 121 St, with a nice wide sidewalk, lots of benches, and great views of the river valley. On a nice day, it gets pretty busy and is popular with walkers, runners, and those of us who get our exercise by sitting on a bench, eating gelato.I would love it if there was a little cafe around here... even just a kiosk in the summer.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/24/2011,2/17/2012,14,108,8,5,6>No frills, nothing fancy, unique or original. Just food.I've been going to the Canyon Grill (better known as 'The Roz' to those of us in the KNOW) for breakfast off and on for a decade now.  The place is normal and free of the hipster pretension that is plaguing the restaurant scene now. I blame the Food Network...Like I said, I've only ever gone to the place in the mornings so I can't comment on lunch or supper.  There is sometimes a line outside the door to get in to the place, usually because it's full of soldiers that have decided to eat instead of exercise.  The line isn't because there aren't any available tables, it's because they don't have enough staff in the mornings to clear the tables and greet new customers and seat them. Be prepared for a needless wait.They've got all of the morning staples on their breakfast menu that you would expect; eggs, bacon, coffee, toast, pancakes with berries (or without), coffee, ham, coffee, omelettes, and coffee.  It`s totally ordinary, predictable, safe, harmless, blah, blah, blah. This is the place that you would take your grandparents to if they were visiting from out of town and you wanted to go somewhere that wouldn't shock your elders with an "out there" menu and where there wouldn't be any panhandlers hanging around.This isn't the trendy sort of Thai/Zimbabwean/Antarctican fusion with turquoise walls and their own newsletter. The Canyon Grill won't be visited by any short round guys with white spiky hair and his sunglasses behind his head.. But that's okay.If you're paying by debit you will have to get up and walk to the counter.  Annoying.  They haven't gone wireless at the Canyon yet.  Not that your grandparents will be paying by debit anyway.  These electronic transactions and these bank cards are a fad anyhow.  They only exist to steal your money and track your movements so the government will always know where you are.  Your grandparents know it and the staff of the Roz know it.Did I mention they serve coffee?Update:So I'm back at the Roz again for breakfast.  They charge $2.25 for a cup of coffee.  The coffee is bottomless and they leave the pot on the table so you can top up whenever you get low.  Suddenly a waitress (she wasn't even our server) comes out of nowhere and just grabs the pot from our table and brings it to another table where a couple had just been seated.  This was almost comical.  She was too lazy to go to the kitchen and get another pot.  She just swipes it from us and gives it to somebody else?  The coffee isn't bottomless anymore if they take the pot away from you.  They still charged the $2.25 though.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2011,2/16/2012,37,420,5,2,2>I can't believe it's not butter!...I mean meat. Who would have thought that vegan meals could be so delicious and satisfying; and mock chicken and tofu can taste just like real meat?Three friends and I (none of us are vegetarians) decided to be adventurous for a day and see if we could handle vegan food. Little did we know how impressive the whole experience of dining at Padmanadi would turn out to be! We ordered a lot of food: padmanadi platter, mushroom tofu, spicy eggplant, kung pao chicken, ginger beef, sweet and sour pork and a couple more items which I have trouble remembering since consuming all delicious food left me hazy:)We all shared, so I got to try a bit of everything. Mushroom tofu and kung pao chicken were particularly exquisite. The mixed "meat" platter was fun to consume - you get to try a variety of mock meats and dip them into all sorts of sauces. Good times!I definitely recommend Padmanadi. Try it at least once to see if vegan food is your cup of tea. If it is - you'll surely be coming back. If not - at least you can say proudly that you've been there, done that and couldn't believe it wasn't butter...I mean meat.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,2/15/2012,509,247,5,4,5>This review is for the K-ROCK 97.3 Morning Show which starts at 5:40 every weekday. The Terry, Bill and Steve Show is so hilarious!!  These guys go over the top and provide a funny and informative daily talk show.   Listen to them a few times and enjoy the show. They are very entertaining!!!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,2/14/2012,41,524,,4,3>It was 9:30AM and the bistro was empty so I had my choice of table.  I would have liked to sit by the tv and tree on the comfy chair but it wouldn't work for a business meeting.  I decided on one of the tables for 2 close to a coat rack so I could hang my coat on the chilly morning.I was offered coffee but I prefer a hot cup of tea.  It was great they put the teabag in a little tea pot so I could enjoy more than one cup.  My colleague had raved about the cinnamon buns so we were disappointed they didn't have any.  I decided to try the breakfast sandwich with ham, egg, cheese, and tomato on an english muffin and hash browns.  I liked the sandwich as it wasn't too salty like at other places and the potatoes were big chunks and not thin and fried.  Certainly not expensive at $3.25 for the sandwich, $2.50 for potatoes, and $1.70 for my tea.  The service was fine, and the food came out hot and not very long after ordered.  I was glad to see a few more tables occupied throughout the morning.I will definitely be back in the future to support the kids and bistro, but also to try more good food.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,2/13/2012,187,341,,6,6>I'd driven by this place several times over the years - this cool building on 104 St. that looks like a lighthouse. I've never had much occasion to check it out, though, as I live on the north side so it is way out of my way for just getting a piece of fish or two. However, we were getting sick of getting average fish from the grocery store. We've only bought fish from Billingsgate once so far, but what a difference! It is definitely worth the extra money for something that is so much fresher and tastier. There is also a restaurant there, which we finally checked out over the weekend. We ordered mussels (appetizer size), I had the haddock and chips with sweet potato fries, one piece, and my husband had the haddock burger with regular fries. Delicious, delicious, delicious. Even though the mussels were appetizer size as opposed to meal size, there were so many of them! They were in this tomatoey, garlicky, yummy sauce, with bread to wipe up the sauce. The sweet potato fries were some of the best I've had, and the fish was great. We showed up at 10 minutes to 4pm, and the two ladies at the counter had a little debate about whether to give us the lunch or dinner menu. They gave us both, and we ordered off the lunch. Prices for the same things were cheaper. More items on the dinner menu. Our waitress was nice and upbeat, although seemed like she was rushing us a bit (ordering, bringing the bill). One thing I didn't like was that she asked us if we wanted extra bread, and regular or sweet potato fries. When we got the bill, both of these things were about $2 extra and she didn't mention it. It may have said so on the menu, but I didn't read the entire thing. It would've been nice of her to say so. All in all, it looks like I might be making the trek over to the south side a little more often.Note: Hours for the store and cafe are different. Check the website.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,2/12/2012,49,256,2,5,2>Every year I like to go to Colours with some friends, get a good meal (i.e. not skimp out on desserts!) and throw 20 bucks away betting on horses. It's really fun, provided you keep the betting to a minimum!Okay, so comments. I think it's totally cool that I can snag a good meal while watching the horses. It doesn't cost anything for admission, and a program is only a couple bucks, so it's basically free entertainment. Much better than going to a dinner theater! The atmosphere is neat; everyone gets really excited when the horses are racing and it's easy to get caught up in it. Lots of yelling, cheering, cries of exasperation and lost money, that sort of thing. The price for food, especially on the lunch menu, is not bad at all. The food itself has varied the few times I've been there, but I've never disliked what I've ordered. The entrees can be on the heavy and sometimes greasy side. They also don't have a HUGE selection, but unless you have a specific dietary restriction I think you should be fine. I've only had one dessert there, and it's honestly the reason I go. Lava cake!!! With Baileys cream sauce. I am a huge lava cake addict, and the cream sauce ranks pretty high on my super delicious desserts list.This is a great location if you need to do something new, exciting, and inexpensive for a date or family gathering.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/3/2011,2/10/2012,12,59,,5,2>I am full blooded Ukrainian although I am Canadian Ukrainian and have been eating Ukrainian food all my life.  I have been to Ukraine and truly had a taste of it!  This review is in regards to the Jasper Ave location.  First, the decor is amazing!  It's a very visually stimulating restaurant to visit and they have authentic artwork for sale down the hallway and also displayed in its own room.  Worth the trip just for that!  Service is fairly good but I find the food kind of hit and miss depending on what you order.  Last time I went, I had the borscht, pickles, and some kind of mushroom appetizer.  The borscht was alright, the pickles weren't my favorite but the mushroom dish was awesome!  Of the times I've been there, I can't really say I was wowed by anything but the decor.  My husband who is more Ukrainian than I am felt basically the same way.  Good to go if you are looking for something different but personally, I certainly don't go out of my way to plan an evening there unfortunately.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,2/9/2012,32,58,3,14,4>This is such a wonderful store to visit if you're looking for Eastern European food. My wife is from Ukraine, so we visit this store at least once a month so she can buy familiar food.Most of their items are from Ukraine, Russia and Poland, though they have some other things as well, including some locally-produced products by Russian immigrants.You'll find canned goods, fresh produce, a nice deli (featuring many things you won't find in North American delis), and tons and tons of candies. You can also find frozen goods, including perogies, varenyky (similar to perogy, except with meat inside), and even some Russian breads and other goodies.The staff is awesome; very friendly, and they'll take the time to explain or recommend things (I've been a few times without  my wife). While everyone there speaks Russian, they also speak English, so you don't have to speak the language (though, if you want to practice a little bit of Russian, they're more than willing to listen).We love spending Sundays in the summer hitting up the Collingwood Farmers market, followed by a trip to "the Russian store" (as we call it).Here's a good article about the store from the Edmonton Journal: canada.com/edmontonjourn…
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,2/8/2012,49,120,3,7,3>What would I DOOOOOO without Italian Centre?Seriously, y'all, this place is like Disneyland for foodies. Several times now, I've gone looking for something, and they were the only place in town to have it. Little mini phyllo tartlets? Got em. Rosewater? Yep, that too. And they were the ONLY place near my house to have any Brussels sprouts at Christmastime, thus saving the menu I had planned. It turned out beautifully, thanks for asking.Shopping here reminds me of when I visited Italy lo those twenty years ago, and went in a grocery store in Florence just for fun. They don't carry just food, but all sorts of nifty cooking implements, oodles of different sizes and configurations of tomatoes, about a bazillion types of oils (not just olive!), gajillions of different shapes of pastas, plus Lavazza coffee, soaps and bagno schiuma (foam bath, for the unititiated), Italian magazines, and those oh-so-charming pieces of clayware with painted pictures of tomatoes, eggplants and other neat designs on them. And if it's chocolate you crave, pardner, you'll be in heaven at the selection of wonderful European varieties to be had. Although their Italian choices are not to be beat, they have other international choices as well. Polish ranks high up on the ladder, and this is one of the few places in town you will find little cans of harissa (which I also needed for a recipe)! The first time I found this place I thought I'd died and gone to heaven, after despairing I'd never be able to find half the foodstuffs I wanted in Canada. Just one visit, and you'll be awestruck.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,2/7/2012,85,580,,7,5>A spacious restaurant with a delicious lunch buffet and romantic ambiance. The naan is to die for -- soft and chewy and brushed with a tantalizing spread of butter, and they keep it coming to your table as long as you ask for it. The butter chicken (of course) is also one of the better ones I've had. Their chicken tikka masala is done well although I found it quite spicy, but maybe that's just me. Either way, scoop some yogurt on the side, just in case! I didn't care too much for their dessert dumplings but the mango pudding dessert was delicious!My friend and I were stuffed at the end and couldn't eat another bite. And it's a decently priced buffet for all you can eat. Service was average, they refilled our naan basket and water glasses but it took awhile to get our bill. Would definitely be back though, especially for the naan here!
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,2/6/2012,97,490,,5,3>It's important to arrive at the New York Bagel Cafe thinking of it as a place to enjoy a special occasion brunch, rather than as place to get a quick bite to eat. The establishment is quirky, but cozy - the interior reminds me of an English Inn. Service is leisurely - don't expect to rush in and out. The food and the experience is meant to be savoured.All standard coffees are served with a side of steamed milk. The standard coffee is pricier than that at Route 99 Diner or equivalents, but of a higher quality. As I considered my brunch here a special occasion brunch, I went for a Caffe Borgia, which included chocolate, whipped cream, steamed milk, and an orange peel. Delicious.Because I'm not going to pay a premium price for something that I can get just anywhere, such as an omelette, I splurged on a $19 special Eggs Benedict with smoked duck and pickled pear. The flavors of the duck and the pear worked well together, and also worked well with the Cafe's homemade hollandaise. While our server recommended against ordering a Benedict on a Pumpernickel bagel, I did so anyway. And everything was well executed, delicious, and beautifully presented.The New York Bagel Cafe served a  fruit salad along with the benedict. While they try to serve as much local and organic food as possible, it appears that they went for fruit as non-local as they could get for our January brunch. But that's fine, as I love dragonfruit!If you're looking for a gourmet, special occasion brunch without any fuss.A couple of caveats: 1) During busy hours, every person at your table must order an entree - you can't just go to the cafe and have a cup of coffee.2) You can't just order a bagel a-la-carte or by the dozen,
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,2/5/2012,31,31,,9,2>My other half and I went to check out the Gama store after noticing the sandwich board on Whyte ave the other day.  "Taiwanese treats" sounded pretty great to us and having a Fiancé' who is a big fan of bite sized snacks it was a no brainer.Though you have to walk to the side of the building along an alley way next to Whyte, we thought they did a great job of making the pathway to the store inviting enough to check it out.Once we were inside, it was a bit confusing because we had clearly walked into a clothing store.  Don't be fooled though, it's a mix of fashion, small pastry, snack, and tea bar at the back.  A very interesting mixed use of space that was very tastefully done.So we sat down at the bar and the owner of the pastry section explained the tea selection and brewing technique which somewhat resembled bubble tea but a bit different.  He kindly gave us a few samples and they were both interesting and tasty.  Next came my favourite part, the mini cakes, which are made right in front of you.  As a fan of mini pre-packaged Asian cakes from places like T&T Market, it was nice to see that you can actually get them freshly made!We tried the sweet cheese, red bean, custard, and "liquid gold" mini cakes.  All of them were SO delicious and hot!  The owner even gave us a few free cakes because he wasn't happy with how a few turned out!  They were all the same to us though.  YUM!  The cakes were only $1 each which makes me a little sad for the business itself.  How are they to make any money??!  Also, the cakes take a little while to make so if you are in a hurry, or if there is a line up, it would be nice to have a cooler of cakes to choose from.. in fact I can imagine them being just as yummy cold as they are hot.  I hope the owner has a chance to figure out cold storage.I have an idea!  How about the next time you are thinking about getting some doughnuts for your coworkers, or snacks for a party, stop in to Gama Store instead of Tim Horton's!  I could see a box of these mini cakes being VERY appreciated.  (And PS, they are not deep fried so less calories!!  Think pancakes with a gooey yummy filling).Enjoy!  See you there!!
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2011,2/4/2012,28,41,5,3,2>In the basement beneath the beautiful brick building which is the Multicultural Heritage Centre in Stony Plain, lies a well-kept secret called the Homesteader's Kitchen.Why is it so good? One word. PIES!Locally, these pies are legendary, and after one bite you'll know why. Being a fruit pie guy, I generally lean toward Strawberry-Rhubarb a la mode; while others in my family prefer the custardy goodness of the Flapper and Chocolate pies.Although the menu is small, the service is generally quite good and the food quality is very consistent. They also serve mouth-wateringly (is that a word?) fantastic house-made soups, fresh bread, and seasonal menu items. I suspect their kitchen is actually full of little Ukrainian Babbas cooking up a storm like a bunch of Keebler elves.If you want a comfort-food experience that takes you back to Grandma's house when you were a kid, this place will leave you satisfied!
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2011,2/3/2012,78,111,,3,2>Cute little coffee shop well hidden on the corner of 109th Street and 100Ave (address is very misleading, but my coordinates are correct, it's just in from the NE corner of the intersection).Outside side of the confusing address, this is a great place. The staff are terrific, the ambiance is great, the prices are really generous (and include the GST!!), and the food looks great.However, go for the London Fog. For $3, you get a large cup of one of the best LFs I've ever had - the use Moroccan Vanilla syrup, and it's wonderful!! Don't forget to get your punch card for your free drink every 10 visits!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2011,2/2/2012,31,151,,4,2>WING NIGHT!!! I just discovered that Sunday nights are Dadeo's wing night. I don't know if Dadeo is just being very generous with the wings (if so, thank you!!!) or if we have all been conditioned to think that 10 little wings = 1 lb, but these were awesome! For $6 you still get 10 wings - 10 big, meaty wings. We tried three kinds: hot, honey garlic, and southern fried. They all come with a sprinkling of chopped green onions, sliced red onions, and a wedge of lemon - loved that! The hot was the standard hot wing. The honey garlic was pretty much also the standard, but with big chunks of real garlic in the syrupy sauce. Although both of these looked kind of saucy, they were still nice and crispy underneath. The southern fried ones were my favourite - crispy with some delicious cajun seasoning. I kind of wish I'd ordered the buttermilk dressing sauce when the waitress offered.. oh well next time. We ordered a side of coleslaw as our healthy veggie - it was creamy and peppery - nice. Pints were also on special for $4 - total plus! [looks like they have a $9 po'boy special on Mondays and Tuesdays as well]Service was fast - they weren't too busy but the waitress was still very attentive. We didn't finish all our wings so we doggie-bagged them - they are great cold! If I lived closer I would definitely come back more often. To all you wing-lovers out there, GO!!
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,2/1/2012,79,38,3,12,5>RVH has been my go-to for massage and chiropractic therapy for the past three years. The staff are professional, personable, and caring.Jeff (Dr. Prince) is especially effective in treating my TMJ dysfunction. I'd heard all the horror stories about chiropractors and I was hesitant, but when my RMT at the time referred me to him, I decided to try it. Jeff worked at my comfort level and didn't do any adjustments until we had really built adequate trust. Amy is a great RMT, but when I presented a need for greater pressure, she referred me to Deanne for deep tissue. I now rotate between Deanne and Brad, who have different deep tissue techniques. Go to either for a good, firm treatment! If you don't have the pain tolerance for deep tissue, see Amy.Recently I started seeing Leyanna (Dr. Zubach) for acupuncture. I'm also quite content with the care I receive from her.Bonuses:-they gave me a piece of cake once when they had birthday cake in the office-front desk sends e-mail reminders for appointments-when I saw Jeff following a massage treatment and he asked how I was, I said "okay, but I think last week we missed a spot in my back" and he snuck me in within 15m for a complementary treatment-in my experience I haven't been overtreated. We've worked with my body to find a good maintenance plan and address anything else that comes up-the staff work well together and I feel a continuity of care
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,1/31/2012,35,101,5,11,6>Man, I have no idea what they were cooking when I walked in, but my mouth started watering immediately.  The aroma in this store was, at the risk of sacrificing my man card, just heavenly.I stopped by for some fairly specific items, three of which I was able to find on my own, and the last was found for me by one of the gentlemen working there.  I shop for groceries a lot, and I have never experienced the level of customer service that I was given here.  The prices were amazing as well.  Three big bags of dried chiles and a pound of Mexican chocolate for less than $17.  As I was leaving, the gentleman who helped me stopped me and offered me one of their business cards, asking me to return if I needed any other ingredients.  Si, senor - I will be back!
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2011,1/30/2012,220,814,3,8,6>Vegetarians in Edmonton have another option for Asian food, thanks to Veggie Garden Restaurant.The interior of the restaurant is very similar to the one that inhabited the space prior, save for the booth seats being reupholstered. It is large, bright, and very clean. What has changed quite a bit is the menu. It consists of page after page of familiar Vietnamese and Chinese dishes, but with no meat products whatsoever. Instead of "real" chicken, beef, pork, and seafood, substitutes are made from soy and gluten. Tofu is another protein found commonly in the dishes at Veggie Garden. Fish sauce is not served alongside the meals, nor is oyster sauce incorporated into the food. I ordered a rice noodle soup with tofu, mushrooms, dried bean curd, veggie ham, and veggie chicken. It was basically a vegetarian version of pho (Vietnamese noodle soup) with the works. The large bowl was full of noodles, different kinds of mushrooms, and the various proteins. The veggie ham was definitely the winner - it looked and tasted similar to the real thing. The veggie chicken had a chicken-like taste, with a texture similar to skin. The few cubes of tofu were fried and the bean curd was chewy and sweet. My dining companion chose stirfried thick rice noodles topped with mushrooms, tofu, and mixed vegetables. He mostly wanted the thick rice noodles, and paid less attention to what they were served with. "What are these?" he asked, pointing to one of the tofu cubes. He groaned when I told him what it was, but turned out to like it after putting the morsel in his mouth. When he was finished, he had no complaints.At only around $7 for each of our dishes, Veggie Garden has incredible value. For another few dollars we had an appetizer of cilantro cakes. They were like green onion cakes, but with cilantro instead of the onion. The flavour of the cilantro was not as bold as green onion, but the cakes were delightfully crispy and served with a rather interesting pink sweet sauce.Other menu items include a variety of soups, vermicelli noodle bowls, stir fries, chow mein, fried rice, and sizzling platters. Most meals are under $10 and most menu items are also suitable for vegans (no animal products).A sign on the wall (and notice on their website) proclaims four commitments:1. 100% Vegetarian - no meat products of any kind2. No MSG3. A clean and family atmosphere4. Affordable pricing and great promotions Veggie Garden is a restaurant that keeps its promises.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,1/29/2012,5,40,,4,3>I went to Mexico Lindo for a small birthday get-together and had a great experience. This family-operated restaurant cares about quality, service and providing homemade Mexican fare. They use local ingredients wherever possible and if you're open, will give you the best of the best of what they have to offer - I simply asked them to serve their favourite dishes and the whole party of six loved every bite. Unfortunately, it's completely out of the way for me, or I'd definitely be a regular.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,1/28/2012,14,82,,8,2>I've been a patient of Dr. Kwak for 5 years now, and she finally has her own practice in North Edmonton. She previously worked out of Dr. Milner's office on 127 st and ABC Dental on the West End.Now that she has her own practice, she's easier to find!The office is new, has a modern decor and looks very clean. She's the only dentist there, so it is quiet and personable. I've only seen a few dentists in my life, but she is by far my favourite. The hygenist (today I saw Jennifer) took my x-rays, and both her & Dr. Kwak reviewed them. Dr. Kwak then did the cleaning portion of my visit today, with Jennifer finishing up with the polish and flouride. Dr. Kwak is very involved, spent probably 30 minutes with me, which I haven't experienced with any other dentists, usually only spending a few minutes actually in the same room.The office is able to direct bill my insurance providers, so I didn't have anything to pay. I was in and out in about 45 minutes, which is great. The other nice perk is that the dental chairs have massagers in the back, I find it more of a distraction along with the TV, so I don't have to think about what they're doing to my teeth. I don't love going to the dentist, but Dr. Kwak makes it a good experience.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,1/27/2012,155,209,,4,3>We came to Corso for a bit of a family re-union.  I had heard the place was small, so we made a reservation for our party of 8 and thank goodness because not only is it small, but it is PACKED!This food here was AMAZING.  7 of us chose the same thing - aged beef with some very interesting veggies (I am still not sure what they were but they were delicious!).  The black sheep in our group had chicken which was also cooked to perfection.  The servers were also very good at pairing wine with food, and needless to say we had too much.  I can't wait to go back here.  Its a great place to go with a group, not so much as a couple as it is fairly loud.  The menu is constantly changing thanks to Chef Daniel Costa's innovative and exploratory cooking style so visit often!
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2011,1/26/2012,292,404,2,5,5>I would come here again.  Vegetarianism is ubiquitous in India, so much so that 40-50% of Indians are vegetarians.  It's good to see a restaurant here that embraces that culture.At $12.99, the buffet is a great option.  They have about 5-6 different "main course" items.  I would like to try them out again over the weekend, when they have a broader buffet.  They had just one appetizer, but who can go wrong with samosas!  Also, their papadums were freshly fried and pretty crisp.  I liked that one of the items included eggplant, which is a very important vegetable in North Indian cuisine.  I also liked the stir fried okra.  It had the typical North-Indian, home cooked feel to it.  Since I'm currently on a vegan diet, I didn't try their paneer curry (paneer is a dairy product).  Lots of the food was just tasty and not spicy.  Some people might be disappointed if they're looking for super spicy stuff.   I wish they had more lentil-based items simply because lentils and chickpeas etc. are good sources of protein for a vegetarian/vegan diet.  They had one, channa masala, which can be found in every Indian restaurant and in that sense isn't a novelty item.  Also, it could benefit them going a little bit in the Padmanadi direction and having fake meat, to lure more of the non-Indian-origin vegetarians and vegans.  Or simply having the option of choosing tofu instead of paneer in some of their menu items!  One thing I did find is that three of their main course buffet items had potatoes in them.  While that is generally true in Indian cuisine, it could benefit them to be a tad more creative in their approach.The food is tasty, not overly spicy and pretty affordable! Can one ask for more?
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,1/25/2012,136,590,2,4,2>One of my favorite sit down pubs as well as a great weekend bar! The dance floor is pretty big and makes for a lot of fun with friends! The nachos are wonderful (lacking a little bit of cheese however) and let's not forget Sunday night is Comedy night! Comedy night is so much fun to go to and all the staff is super friendly. Conveniently located on Jasper Ave and 116th street it is easily accessible by bus or LRT. This little Irish Pub is right out of a movie (P.S. I Love You, I would say), the beer is great and being able to sit and talk is even better! When I was there the DJ played almost every request we asked for which made it easy to dance the night away! Definitely check it out!
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2011,1/24/2012,44,18,3,6,3>Hipsters: what are they good for?  Besides propping up the suspender and skinny tie market, not much.  The blessing in unflattering disguise of skinny jeans is that natural selection may play a role in reproduction.  Lotta hipsters at Halo.  Also a lot of former hipsters now graduated to young professional status, or "yuppsters".  A dance floor filled with people swaying ironically to ironic dance remixes of Vampire Weekend and such.  But nevertheless I had fun: funky decor, relaxed older crowd, good downtown location.  Just need to find some darker-rimmed glasses for next time.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,1/23/2012,7,23,2,5,3>Time and time again I read people writing less than favourable reviews in regards to this restaurant. Surely people don't consider Julio's Bario good Mexican cuisine?As someone who spends multiple times a year in Mexico, I would have to say this place is as tasty and authentic as we get.Don't let appearances fool you. Once inside, you'll find a nice, clean, well decorated atmosphere. Staff was great and the meal was served up fast. No complaints here. I highly recommend the chicken burrito. It's big but save room... the Banana Loca is to die for. I'll be back.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,1/22/2012,0,4,2,3,3>There's a never bad day to visit this place. I have been visiting Flirt Cupcakes for the last year or so when I moved close to their Whyte Avenue store. My favorite flavour is the Oreo one as there is an Oreo cooked baked right into the middle of the cake. DELICIOUS!!The staff at Flirt Cupcakes are always very friendly and know me by name now. And for all my vegan friends, they have VEGAN CUPCAKES too! In fact, I believe my Oreo one comes in a vegan version too. Best cupcakes in Edmonton. Thank you Flirt!!
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,1/21/2012,40,61,3,7,4>Normand's is a family favorite - we go here roughly once a year or so.  The food is by no means cheap, and sometimes I feel like I should be getting a little more (in terms of portion size) for my buck, but the food is great, and that's really why people come back.Like many fellow reviewers have noted, Normand's does a lot of traditional French fare, but they have a few more gamey meats - often as their meat special.  Everything I've had tastes great, but the sides are on the plain side.  I've thought about it, and I believe this to be intentional - the food I ate in France was much the same.  Really, the meal you order centers around the meat and the sauce, and everything else is to provide simple variations on that taste.I quite enjoyed their escargot variation - instead of the more common garlic heavy sauce, they instead did more of a tomato mix with mushroom caps.  And for the biggest bang for your buck, the duck dish (only one if I recall) offers more than most.I do have a few gripes.  One, service tends to be a little on the slow side.  If you're starving, keep this in mind.  Also, while one should salivate at the thought of french desserts, I found the dessert menu to be rather bland.  The pear sounded really nice, but everything else seemed rather standard-fare.  Perhaps this is because they offer more on the dessert drink side of things, and expect patrons to go with that instead.  Being downtown, parking can be a bit of a pain as well depending on when you arrive.Final verdict is that it's a wonderful restaurant to go to for those looking for a more upscale, romantic experience.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2011,1/20/2012,26,15,2,3,3>Transcend is my second favorite coffee place in Edmonton.  The atmosphere is bright and open and the vbaristas are knowledgable and friendly.  I like their location right next to the Garneau theatre and the tables outside in the summer are good for people watching.There isn't much selection when it comes to baked goods but that's ok because you are here for the coffee! They also have still and sparkling water in the back just like in any coffee shop in South America which was nice.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2011,1/19/2012,15,30,,5,3>Simple, but very high quality!  It was so good that I had to buy a second one for lunch the next day.  The crust is light and fluffy while the meatballs were juicy, full of flavour, but not greasy in any way.The service was so polite and friendly, Battista was truly in engaged in chatting with his clientele.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2011,1/18/2012,30,60,3,6,3>I am a big fan of Haven Social Club. It's a hole in the wall place -- I almost walk past it every time I go -- but once you're through the door and down the stairs it's like you've left the grime of Stony Plain Road behind. The neighbourhood is a bit seedy, but Haven is all class.The food is great. The drinks are good -- they have Yellowhead Lager on tap. The prices are reasonable.I'm a big fan of the Haven Burger. My standard order at Haven is the Haven Burger and a pint of Yellowhead. It's hard to go wrong with this simple but enjoyable combination.I usually go to Haven for Story Slam, which is on the 3rd Wednesday of the month. It also happens that Wednesdays are cheap wing night and pints of Yellowhead are on special, so it's an all around winning combination. Following the Story Slam is the Wednesday Night Jam -- local jam bands take the stage and rock out.Wednesday nights are Haven Social Club can't be beat. If you're looking for a good place for some midweek entertainment, I highly recommend Haven Social Club.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2011,1/17/2012,12,62,3,4,3>Sweet family run business. I've been coming here for a few years and it has always been great. The chutney is to die for. I usually get the pita pie with lentil soup and both are delicious.It's a place that you might walk by at first but it is definitely worth a stop.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2011,1/16/2012,65,170,3,6,5>Sicilian Pasta Kitchen serves the best pasta in town, in my opinion.  They don't have too many vegetarian options, but occasionally, the server (or the chef) is willing to serve a dish without the meat.  The gnocchi is always an excellent vegetarian choice - a lovely velvety texture, neither mushy nor gummy.  The other pastas are very good as well.For appetizers, the risotto balls are a favourite.  Crisp on the outside and steamy and bursting with flavour on the inside.  The salads are all top-notch.I have had the pizzas before, and they are fine, though if I am really wanting pizza in the neighbourhood, I'll likely go to Famosos.  Still the pizzas can be a nice addition to a well-rounded meal with other main dishes.But one of the best reasons to come to Sicilian Pasta Kitchen is the dessert menu.  Their tiramisu is to die for.  And the key lime cheesecake is lovely, too.  I have learned to get half of my meal boxed up to save room for dessert.  I've also come to SPK on a few occasions just for dessert.I would encourage you to make reservations on the weekend as this place fills up and has been known to have a 45-60 minute wait for a table.  The patio is quite pleasant in the summer.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/3/2011,1/15/2012,26,71,,5,2>I stopped by today. Great bubble tea (black tea based- I seem to be the only person in the world who orders it without sugar), friendly people, didn't get a chance to try the eggies or the fruit based drinks but they look delicious. My main request for improvement would be that they offer a green tea option, even matcha would be good.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2011,1/14/2012,164,49,3,6,3>Wonderful raw food restaurant that serves local made kombucha tea and raw food elixirs.While the upstairs is home to the raw food restaurant and attached teaching kitchen (featuring the Chocolate Doctors and Booch Kombucha raw chocolate and kombucha making workshops), downstairs Noorish has yoga and meditation.Nourish has just opened, but I believe that they will soon become the local gathering point for those who want to nourish their soul as well as their bodyTime will tell
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,1/13/2012,10,40,,8,6>I knew that we were going to like Julianne Cragg, wedding planner and owner of A Modern Proposal, as soon as I looked at her website! Working with her on my daughter's wedding over the past year has been such a pleasure. She was available for unlimited email and telephone assistance, she gave us great tips to cut costs, and she pointed us in the right direction when it came time to pick wedding vendors. The wedding day flowed seamlessly because Julianne looked after every single detail. This allowed both my daughter and myself the opportunity to enjoy this special day. I highly recommend Julianne! We simply wouldn't have had the beautiful wedding day that we did if we hadn't decided to hire her!
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2011,1/12/2012,53,82,2,2,4>Enjoyed a romantic evening with my girlfriend at the Marc. It was our first time there ever, and while the food was very good, the service was even better. We were well looked after, not having to worry about over-eager serving staff interrupting our conversation.I enjoyed a roasted pork tenderloin with some excellent spatzle. Spatzle is easy to mess up, but the Marc's spatzle was masterfully prepared.I really appreciated how simple the room and the menu was. There were some terrific wines on their menu. Given enough time there, I'd have tried them all.I'm really looking forward to my next visit to the Marc, and enjoying the hospitality of their wonderful staff.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2011,1/10/2012,18,228,1,5,3>Okay, this was a place that a friend of mine used to work at and told me I had to check out.  If you like Cajun food and awesome atmosphere then you'll love this place.  If you haven't tried alligator than you MUST try the alligator kebob!  It's sooo good.  Wash it down with a caesar... you'll never have one like it!  For dinner you've got to try the Pasta Catahoula, which has slices of blackened chicken breast with penne pasta and a yummy tomato-herb butter with parmesan... yeah sounds good right?  It tastes super!  Curtis tried the special, which was the Blackened Salmon and loved it.  He enjoyed the backed potato.  We ended up going back with his family.  I tried the Chicken Lafitte, which is a spiced grilled piece of chicken breast with a very yummy herb cream cheese & smoked salmon on the sided.  It was amazing!  No!  To die for.  The chicken and salmon where prepared to perfection.  Everyone besides Curtis had the BBQ Rib combo plate which looked and smelled so delicious that I made a mental note to order that the next time Curtis and I go back there.  Curtis got the Tournedos Ya-Ya which is a lovely pan-fried medallions of beef tenderloin; he said, "it's like having two little mini steaks!"  The beef was tender and very well seasoned... I know because I snagged a piece while he wasn't looking!  It was a great night... well two nights, with really good food.  I can't wait to go back there.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2011,1/9/2012,81,166,,6,5>So. Much. Fun!!!When trying to think of things to do on a lazy Saturday, I was not all that enthused when the Telus World of Science was suggested. Isn't that supposed to be just for kids??  Apparently not. True, some of the exhibits are geared towards a younger target audience, but there is still a lot to look at for adults as well. I could have spent hours fooling around with the comet/earth impact simulation program in the space area.The Titanic exhibit was extremely well done and I encourage any of you who haven't seen it yet to go before it's too late. It was really interesting getting to see some of the items recovered from the ship. I also liked how they gave you the bio of a passenger when you walked in and you got to look at a passenger list at the end of the exhibit to see if your person was a survivor or not. It added a human element to the displays.Unfortunately the IMAX movie I wanted to see was playing at an inconvenient time but I will definitely make my way back at some point to see it. However, we were able to check out a free movie at the Margaret Zeidler Theatre. For those who don't know, it's the one where you get to watch movies on the ceiling like an observatory. The movie was decent, but I wish the seats tilted back more.Overall I had a great time at the Telus World of Science. People of all ages can go there for a fun (and educational) experience.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,1/8/2012,14,25,3,8,5>A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!! OMG I think I have found my calling...pigging out on delicious sushi all day! Can you get paid for that? Hmm..This wonderful little place is located where Buddha Bowl used to be, right off of 82nd Ave. The inside is one big open room with a few tables off to the side and a bar where you can sit and watch the sushi chef at work while he creates those delicious little morsels I can never get enough of!The service was superb. Quick and efficient. I was getting take out so I got to sit down inside for a bit and enjoy the decor and ambiance of this, I assume, family run restaurant. The owners and waitresses all made sure to say hello to me and ask me how I was doing, and they even gave me some free green tea to sip while I waited mmhmm! Think you can't afford it? Wrong! For a mere $30 and some cents I got a full order of succulent salmon sashimi; crispy, perfectly cooked prawn tempura, and some quaint little maki rolls that disappeared way to fast off my plate. I was so sad when I was done I wanted to go back for more. But it's not just the food that will keep me coming back here for more, it's the wonderful customer service I received that made me feel warm and welcome.Next time I go I will definitely be ordering one of the many delicious bento boxes I saw on the menu or one of the cones? Oh my so many choices!
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,1/7/2012,20,21,,7,4>Devaney's Irish Pub is an awesome place to go for drinks, hang out with friends, and enjoy a night out!My friends and I have been coming here for a little over a year. It's in a great location, on the Faculte St. Jean campus of the UofA (just off of whyte ave). It is a small pub but a great atmosphere. There are always really interesting decorations on the walls and a nice little patio out back. They have lots of t.v.'s to watch any sporting event on and every Wednesday is open mic! Fun! I don't have a voice that carries very well, so it's nice to be able to go and have drinks somewhere and not have to shout just to chat at your neighbor. There is a large variety of food. They have an amazing steak and mushroom pot pie and their Devaney's Burger is mouthwatering! They used to have a really great spinach salad but, sadly, it is no longer on their menu. They also have great pizzas and nachos. In fact, I don't think I've ever been disappointed by anything I've ordered on the menu. The staff is very friendly and have even gotten to know some of our names and favorites! And the prices are very reasonable. Portion sizes are large and everyone leaves satisfied. We have even gone for breakfast on a weekend and it was excellent!Overall, this is a great place to hang out with friends and have a fun night! I try and make it out a few times a month!-Ashley Marie
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2011,1/6/2012,31,99,3,6,3>My friends and I searched out Crystal BBQ with Korean Ribs in mind. That was all I wanted - some delicious korean ribs and some kimchi. We went into Crystal BBQ with fairly low expectations and came out happy.We didn't even look at the menu - we ended up having the all you can eat barbeque dinner, which was basically just every meat they could possibly offer, cooked right in front of you. The restaurant was dead, so we had one server all to ourselves (mostly) all night to help facilitate the cooking process, as cooking on the crystal bbq was tricky (as was figuring out which meats were which, and which were cooked or not!). The menu was huge, the waitress was very friendly and just said she would bring out a little of everything and we could try what we wanted before we ordered more. We barely made it through our "try" of everything before we were bursting at the seams. Tons of korean beef, beef ribs, pork, bacon, marinated chicken, shrimp, you name it, we had it. And it was actually REALLY good.Along the piles of meats, they also served up korean dishes like kimchi, potatos, salads, veggies and steamed rice. The cost was very good, I think it ended up being something like $18 a person, including soft drinks. The restaurant is located in a rather shifty area of downtown, just east of the court houses and slightly north of Jasper. It's fairly nice inside and the staff were very accommodating and friendly. I can't speak for the rest of the menu, but all of the meats we had in our dinner were seasoned just right and were super delicious. If you are looking to try out a variety of korean barbeque, I definitely recommend Crystal.ONE RECOMMENDATION I HAVE: When this place gets busy and all the tables are cooking meats, the whole place can get very warm/greasy very fast. I don't recommend making this your go-to date place or dropping in for a meal before going anywhere important, because you walk out completely drenched in the smell of the restaurant. Just a tip. If you have dogs, they'll love you when you come home, if you know what I mean.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2011,1/5/2012,56,221,,5,4>Ok so I stumbled upon this place...upon not in..lol...and well it was huge first of all and staff everywhere. Service is great and well we had the buffet. What a great selection...its all there. Wonton soup...yes please...sweet bourbon chicken, dont mind if I do....the meat was tender and the rice fried just right. I love going in to a place and having those place mats that tell you your birthday personality. Great for a conversation piece. It costed like 12-13 per person but I ate my share two times over.The location isnt that good if your a Southie but otherwise good. The North cinemas are righ there too and Im quite confident I saw a movie deal. Worth it.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,1/4/2012,19,76,,4,3>This popular eatery is the perfect brunch location. There are many options for you to select from but the MUST HAVE is the Cinnamon Bun. Baked to perfection their Cinnamon Bun has the perfect ratio of bread to cinnamon to sweetness. I find many cinnamon buns too sweet and there is no worry of that with these ones as they use a sprinkling of brown sugar on the top and no icing. They are baked fresh daily in house and always go fast so be sure you get here early to get one.The overall feel of the restaurant is casual. Meaning I would not select it for a date - it is more the "meet up with friends" location. The inside is very open so, when it is full, it is noisy as the sound easily travels throughout the restaurant. The staff are very friendly and attentive - refilling water and coffee several times throughout the meal. You also won't feel rushed as they create a comfortable environment to sit chatting with your party for a long time. The Highlevel Diner is on my "regular" list of brunch locations in Edmonton and it will soon be on your list too!
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,1/3/2012,70,102,2,3,2>Well all four of us slid in here at 9:30pm we were all hungry and looking forward to some good Malaysian food.  They delivered well. First of all the service was fantastic, we ordered way too much food for four, and we got to take some home because of it.  The Singapore Lanksa soup is very good, so is the coconut curry shrimp (not the battered type), and the green curry chicken, so yummy, and lemon chicken for the sweet tooth in the group, served with that great tasting coconut rice.. umm yumm. This is exactly what we came here for..  If you don't like spice to much, just look for the chili peppers on the menu. You'll be fine.. We even tried the pear ice cream for dessert, its hazelnut ice cream, with chocolate in the shape of a pear.  Very Cool.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,1/2/2012,31,124,,6,4>I visited Mbellish for the first time today and couldn't believe what a great, little shop it is.Megan is so friendly and happy to help with any questions you might have.  She even had treats available while browsing!She carries everything from clothes and jewellery, to home decor and neat little knick knacks, as well as handy, but hard to find items like gloves that can be used on your touchscreen phones - not to mention the softest bathrobes known to man.  Mbellish is kind of tucked away in a strip mall on a back street, but it is definitely worth seeking out.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2011,1/1/2012,45,119,,4,3>Oscar's is a cool little pub in Sherwood Park - a town that really lacks cool pubs. If you're in the Park and want to venture out to a place that isn't a cookie cutter chain establishment and serves more than Canadian and Kokanee, this is your place. It's your standard British pub, with good beer, sports always on TV and a noise level that promotes conversation. It's a good place for the soccer crowd to hang out at.  I watched the World Cup Final with friends there and it was a good atmosphere. Of course its a great place for a pint and a hockey game too. I haven't had too much on the menu, but what is most memorable is their deep fried dill pickle spears. I thought they sounded gross, but they are actually really awesome. Just let them cool off before you take a bite - they are hot!They have a trivia night on Thursdays, which I attended once and was pretty fun. They also have a selection of single-malt scotches, but I'm a beer drinker, so I haven't had any. The staff was always really friendly and the owners are always kicking around.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,12/31/2011,14,39,3,3,4>This place gets a bonus point for being the oasis in the desert that is the South Edmonton Common (seriously, what's with that place). I've been to the location in Kits and it definitely isn't as distinctive in its environ.The patio has a high wall that blocks out the parking lots and big box stores that extend beyond the horizon. There's also a foosball table.I don't really care for the decor nor the map motif they've got going on for the menus. The waitresses seem both attractive and competent which is a great combination.There are some interesting beer bucket combos. The Lucky Lager inclusion definitely takes me back to highschool; that said, I'd never order it. The day I went there was a pepper berry lager and an Allay Kat Full Moon on special; both were very good and refreshing.I had the veggie burger and it was great. I like it when veggie burgers don't try to taste like meat. It was nice and crunchy with almonds and cheese. The brioche bun tasted good too, but was a tad greasy.If I ever have to go back to South Edmonton Common I'll probably eat here again.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2011,12/30/2011,38,68,,9,7>I checked out Cafe Tiramisu the second day after they opened. My first impression:  absolutely elegant, inviting, warm decor, fabulous menu, freshly roasted coffee and best of all, a kids play room. I love how well the space is used: several options in seating, from standard cafe tables, to bar seating, larger tables, couches by fireplace and chairs by the window. Onto the food: I had the pollo panini to go.  First off, it was beautifully laid out in the take out box with a side of greens. So much care was taken into making the food look good. Then, my first bite. The bread was warm, cheese melty, spices on the focaccia bread rubbing off on my fingers-yum! Price was also decent, compared to similar delis in the area.Staff were friendly, despite the typical challenges of a new business. It was obvious the owner had things under control, supporting staff, and greeting customers while making coffee and helping at front counter.I can't wait to bring my family here this weekend to try out the play room. This cafe has it all - great ambience & food, freshly roasted coffee and kid-friendly. A unique concept that Edmonton needs!
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,12/29/2011,36,173,,4,2>For someone who is not a huge burger fanatic I have to say that this is my favourite burger joint to date. I love the customize your burger style and the wide range of selections for everything (bun, patty, toppings, sauce, cheese, etc...). This place is a little more pricey so it's the kind of place I go to when I want to treat myself but it is for sure worth it once in a while! When I am craving a burger (which is rare) this is my first choice! Portion sizes are huge - I would say definite value for your buck (however, I eat like a bird so a burger there is a little much for me and they don't leftover well, unfortunately). Food is great - always fresh and it's made to your personal tastes so how can it not be good??? BONUS -a good chicken burger is difficult to find sometimes and Fulton's is excellent!  ...AND just looking at all the previous reviews - looks like I have to try a milkshake from there sometime soon!!I have always gone at off times of the day so I have never had to wait for too long. But given the location I would imagine that it could get a little crazy there during peak hours! Definitely worth a try though for sure!!! I would choose Fulton over Delux Burger Bar any day!!!
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,12/28/2011,49,125,5,5,3>Everyone loves Phil. There's no denying it. How could you not. Friendliest Asian guy and tolerant to a lot of racket ! Steel Wheels has become a staple to Whyte Ave's "what happened last night" scene. The walls are covered in random (hilarious) graffiti and is probably the only place you can get away with writing profanity in huge block writing. The only thing I DON'T do here is go to the bathroom. Seriously. The bathroom at Steel Wheels is straight out of a Saw movie. No Thanks. This place gets PACKED after hours but luckily I decided to go during the early part of the night to get some personal attention from Phil and not have a drink spilled on me. After my first Korean experience I decided to get a bulgogi slice. I've been here before so I know the general wait time but since we weren't here during rush hours our za took a little more love and time. Finally our steaming cheesy pizza came out, unfortunately we took it to go so I didn't get to eat it fresh and use the sauce here.But after some toaster ovening at home and mixing hot sauce and ranch my pizza was ready to deliver once again. I'm not sure what he does to the crust but it looks like it's "sneaky healthy" it's kind of brown and definitely has spices packed in. The bits of beef were packed with tons of flavor, they were a little dry, could be from me reheating, but it was still delicious ! And so much cheese ! Holy !! A cheese-atarians fantasy was on my slice. I'll have to come back and have one of these babies fresh. Did I mention that it's only $3 for two slices???
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,12/27/2011,94,253,,9,5>Bliss is unique among Edmonton bakeries. It is certified kosher, and completely dairy and nut free. I was fortunate to discover Bliss tucked away in the industrial northwest; here are some of the best doughnuts and danishes in the city. Knishes, which are somewhat like a baked perogy, appear on Fridays. These morsels literally burst with potato and sweet onion. Also a favourite: Persian bread. It superficially resembles focaccia, but the texture is quite different.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2011,12/26/2011,27,123,5,5,5>Bad location - checkBad decor - checkBad service - checkCurry, Ramen, Kimchee you pick a place and they have a dish and all done well.  The apps aren't that great the soups are hearty, plentiful and well made.I would rather have a poor location with good food than the other way around.  Surround the table with friends and you can easily forget everything else.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,12/25/2011,40,145,,6,3>I recently discovered how awesome the library is.Constantly restocking their shelves with new books and all types of media, the public library is so diverse to so many different types of people.You have a kid's corners where smaller children can sit down in a colorful playground and enjoy toys and bright colored books.You have a slightly older children's area where there are computers for them to play educational games.You have a teen area where teens can sit down and read more teen orientated books.Breakout rooms for students in university and colleges.The amount of books are staggering and what's neat is there's an actual comics and graphic novels area which is nice to see. I'm glad this type of medium is getting attention.Audio books, DIY books, design books, language book, video games, they have it all. It's interesting to see how the library has evolved from a place of dusty old books to something so modern incorporating technology and literature.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2011,12/24/2011,34,76,,4,4>The Next Act has become my go-to spot for pulled pork, burgers, and of course people watching. The burgers ($12-$13) are top notch, with great stuff like blue cheese, stewed chillies. The fries are ok, but I would suggest getting the house salad as a side. It is truly a fantastic salad. My favourite dish is the pulled pork nachos ($18). Take a couple friends and try to finish them... I dare you. The Act has a great vibe and a nice mix of people; nobody would feel out of place here. And the staff is great too.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/30/2011,12/23/2011,102,42,3,3,4>The Sugar Bowl is probably one of my favorite pub/restaurants in the University area.  I have never had a bad meal and I love the casual/trendy atmosphere.  The cinnamon buns are definitely a must for breakfast, probably the best I have had!  Even anything I have tried off the dinner menu has been great, the Mac & Cheese is delicious although very very filling and if you're not super hungry you can easily share this dish.  Also one of my faves is the portobello mushroom burger, so yummy although a little messy but then good burgers (note: the mushroom is the patty, no meat) usually are!As a huge beer fan this place has an amazing selection, it's hard not to branch out from the familiar and sample some interesting beers from around the world. The only reason I give this place 3 stars was service, although my previous visits have had great service this last visit was brutal.  Maybe we shouldn't have sat outside but the inside was full and there were others outside so it really isn't a good reason for taking 25min to take our drink orders and the server didn't seem to care that we had been waiting so long.  Plus my hot chocolate and bailey's came w/o the baileys, she did bring me a another one but at the end of the meal I was pretty full and usually one hot chocolate is more than for me.  To be honest we were very close to leaving as we could see our server inside visiting with other people/staff and we were outside starving.Hopefully this doesn't happen again as I really do like this place but it's hard to want to go back when service sucks.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2011,12/22/2011,89,141,4,5,3>My hubby and I decided to go to Niche for our wedding anniversary. We kept passing it by on our jaunts downtown, but the timing was just off. Still, it intrigued us enough due to Yelpers recommendations and its location to try it out.The interior is nice and cozy, and Rob and I really enjoyed the brick wall. The only downside was that because the space is small and we're just a reservation for two, our table was kinda squished at the corner and if my husband wasn't careful, he'd have hit his head against some old fashioned temperature switch. Speaking of temperatures, it gets cold sitting by the front window. Perhaps more heating to be directed in that area?However, we thoroughly enjoyed our meal. Our server was very cordial and I was mildly tickled she called my husband "sir" when it was clear we were all the same age (or thereabouts). We ordered the torchon of foie gras with some berry sauce and buttered crostinis to start -- omg, so yum! I enjoyed this much more than the foie gras I got at Bistro La Persaud. Though, I was thinking that it would be nice to have a half-price option with half the portion. Foie gras is rich enough that I just needed a few nibbles -- that being said, I did polish off the plate. ;-)For mains, I had the special of the evening, pork loin in a sweet & spicy sauce with proscuitto wrapped asparagus and fingerling potatoes. Rob had the coffee crusted bison on barley risotto with a couple of beets. The food was tasty and very well executed (the bison, in particular, was the right amount of doneness!). I liked it, though I have to say I didn't have the same "mind blowing" taste experience as the aforementioned Bistro La Persaud. Everything tasted good, but nothing that made me go: I have to have to have this again.That being said, everything tasted ORIGINAL and again, the execution and service was good enough that it makes me want to visit it again.My husband was also impressed the by their bathrooms. Haha. :) Apparently, it is uniquely decorated.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/11/2011,12/21/2011,142,215,5,2,3>As Duchess of the Pint downtown, I felt it was my duty to visit the kingdom across the river. The Pint off Whyte looks exactly like the Pint downtown. It serves exactly the same menu and plays exactly the same music, but this is all probably the intention. You expect the The service was good (dare I say even better than that in my own kingdom?) and the venue was huuuuge. Don't be deceived when you walk in the door: if you head to the back, the place practically doubles in size. Tables are easy to get and the dance floor is waiting for you. The main drawback to this place is the bathrooms are downstairs, which can be precarious for you, but hilarious if you watch drunk girls in super high-heels gingerly wobble down the steps. I feel like the Pint should issue a waiver at the door so they're not responsible for broken legs incurred from drunk spills (of people, not drinks) down the stairs.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,12/20/2011,11,39,1,10,5>This place opened up years ago in Riverbend Square. Probably the best restaurant in that part of Riverbend! Originally a subsidiary of Sorrentino's, it's now independent, but still has quality food.While the menu has changed a bit over the years, it's always been excellent. Some favorites of mine are the prosciutto-wrapped asparagus for an appetizer, and the four-cheese tortelloni as a main course. They also have some excellent specials from time to time, so be sure to check those out.The service is always excellent, even on extremely busy nights, and the staff will surely recognize you after a visit or two!My only complaint would be that on a busy weekend evening, it can get a bit louder than ideal.Overall it's a neighborhood restaurant with some quality Italian food. Do make a reservation though, especially on weekends.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2011,12/19/2011,95,32,3,5,3>It was a Saturday night and we were so not interested in cooking. We rarely go out anymore because we can do a much tastier and healthier and cheaper job cooking up a storm at our casa.But sometimes a girl just has to get out! This time I dragged the husband to a new eatery downtown. What I love about downtown is that it is close to where we live. What I hate about downtown is the parking and our less than perfect metro system. I miss you Paris!We found parking. It was a lovely day for a walk. We made it to the restaurant and was totally surprised when we walked in. It was lively and had that underground Mexico charm: the cinco de mayo skulls, the Mexican wrestler masks, and some other fab decor!We lined up and ordered. My order was a no brainer. I scanned their website earlier that evening and discovered that their special was fish tacos. I have never had fish tacos. My husband had the grilled chicken tacos. We also ordered some nachos and guac.We sat down and waited for our food. It come very quickly. The homemade chips were perfect and simple. The guac was thick and meaty and ever so tasty! Totally ate it ALL UP!My fish tacos arrived. It was a big order and they were so tasty! I was able to share with my husband. He loved them too. His tacos although small were tasty and filling. My only comment would to serve sides with the tacos or maybe we just like to eat too much!The staff were attentive and friendly. I would totally come back again! I hear it is crazy busy at lunch. I would recommend calling in your order for pick up. This would also be a great place to host a party as well!Good job Tres Carnales! It's great to see creative restaurants pop up!
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2011,12/18/2011,21,31,5,5,5>I don't consider something a meal unless there's a meat component to it. Beef, chicken, lamb, pork, fish... doesn't matter - I love it all. People have called me a meatetarian, and I don't dispute it. I've even gone on record saying I'd start eating grain-fed vegetarians if the world meat supply disappeared.So when I learned that there was an all-you-can eat Brazilian steakhouse opening in Edmonton, I was jumping for joy.I've been to Pampa twice since it opened, and both times have been an adventure in delicious meat. At $45 a plate, you can eat pretty much non-stop. They have a nice salad bar for you to round out your meal, and you'll want something on the side when the meat arrives, but the meat really is the star of this show.You get a card when you sit down. When the red side is up, you're left alone - but when you flip it to the green side, men with skewers dripping with delicious cuts will swoop in to offer you meat for your plate. The dinner service offers up a challenging gauntlet of 10 different meats for you to enjoy, and each is delicious in it's own way.In particular, in two visits, the beef ribs, the bacon-wrapped chicken thighs and their award winning pork sausage have been huge standouts - but don't sell the rest short, it's all delicious. I'm also proud to say that I've run the meat gauntlet both times, and have lived to tell the tale: it can be done!Assuming you aren't in a meat drunk at this point, they also have a delectable selection of desserts for you to try. They also have a good selection of imported beverages. Drinks and desserts do, of course, cost extra - Pampa is not a place you go to eat every week, it's the kind of place you save up for.I'd say it's well worth saving up for the visit.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,12/17/2011,33,149,,7,3>Chelsey and Emily and their staff have done themselves proud with the Laurier Heights edition of the Wild Earth Bakery. The coffee, tea, Italian hot and cold drinks, baked goods, and yummy lunch-like meals are so good, you'll be coming back again and again to sample something else. With a tin ceiling, warm fireplace, antiques-converted-into-tables, warm colours on the walls, and amazingly awesome bathrooms, the store itself is like a second home. They can make the cake of your dreams (see website for order forms)! They can also cater to meetings or to parties. There is easy access from the west end, south side, and downtown if you drive, bus, or cycle ... and lots of parking for car or bike! I feel like I can't say enough good things about this bakery, can you tell? Try it, you'll love it.  :)
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2011,12/14/2011,96,96,3,4,4>I have to say that out of all the pubs in Edmonton I like the Pint DT the best. The service is always good even when it's busy, they have a nice patio, the prices are good, the atmosphere is relaxed and if you want to dance on the weekends they have a little dance floor in the corner. The people that come here would probably average out to mid-20's which is nice. The location is great too if you don't want to drive. It's really close to the LRT. I also must say that they consistantly have some of the best looking people gathered in one place. I even had a bite to eat the last time I was there and the pub food is great! I wouldn't say it's the best place for wings, but I would recommend nearly everything else.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2011,12/13/2011,16,84,2,5,2>On our way to Bone and Biscuit we stopped at Zaika for a quick lunch. The atmosphere and decor of Zaika is perfect. The lighting is beautiful, I love the high quality booths, and the buffet area was spotless. The lunch buffet was $12.00 a person and I was thrilled at the large selection of vegetarian options. Not all Indian restaurants carry a large selection of meat less dishes. Our food was delicious and the naan bread was really good (Veggie Garden still has the best naan in the world).Our waitress was fantastic and I will definitely be back.  I would also recommend this place to other people.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2011,12/12/2011,50,158,4,5,4>I dropped in a few times this week because my old U room-mate's son's in his first year. Man, I feel old. Once it was a bare room with tables and stacking chairs.  The "bar" was a table with a keg in a tub of ice and food was whatever could be reheated out of a mini-fridge in a toaster oven. You drank out of plastic cups.  Music was a cassette machine.  The windows would fog up because the HVAC couldn't handle the humidity if the room got too full.  It's been pubbed out since then.  Someone even came up with the good idea of putting a safety rail along the windows so you don't have to wonder if you'd get too drunk and fall out through the glass.We used to come up through the stairs from the 6th floor where the club offices were and bang on the fire doors until the bar guy let us in.  I'm pretty sure they don't do that any more.Comparatively, it has a much nicer pub-like décor now but it's still pretty basic.  Sure they have wait staff, glassware, a full bar, taps and bottles now, and a menu with the standard pubby finger foods, but it has no pretensions or aspirations beyond being a campus watering hole: plentiful inexpensive food and beer.  Lots of undergrads binge drinking and having a good loud time and making memories (maybe) that will have them giving it four stars on Yelp years later.ONE card and ID to get in, even for an old-timer alumnus like me.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2011,12/11/2011,46,142,3,7,2>We've stopped in here a few times, to pick up a hostess gift and to satisfy our cheese cravings.  I am not a cheese connoisseur, but I do like culinary adventures.  This spot has a lot of choice including international and Canadian sources.  The porter cheddar is a winner for me (from Ireland I think), it didn't even make it to our destination as we started nibbling on the drive over.  Fortunately was had also bought an applewood cheddar to give to our hostess.I think I could go every week for a year and still find something new to try.  I love that they will give you a sample of anything to help you decide and are very honest in their personal evaluations.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,12/10/2011,164,49,5,4,4>Oh Transcend Jasper, let me count the ways that I'm addicted to you... One star for the amazingly smooth, roasted with TLC coffee. Another star for the chill ambiance and plentiful seating. A third star for the garage door that opens the place into an open-air jasper cafe with seating along the walk ways. A fourth star for their delicious chocolate croissants. A fifth star for the made-with-care latte art that your staff take the time to always add to my beverage. I must admit that I do briefly pause before drinking every last drop down!But seriously. A great joint and the staff truly are passionate about their craft. They don't try to be a full bakery, only sticking to a few very important staples and instead putting the specialization on their coffee-- and it's worth all of the hype.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2011,12/9/2011,50,288,3,5,4>I love the Tin Box, it's a really great store with unique items. There are two locations in Edmonton - this one off High Street is a less busy than the other location on Whyte Ave. There are variety of gifts here from cute, to funky. Home decor, purses, kitchen supplies, a wide variety. One of my favourite items is the rubik's cube pepper grinder - so cool. If you're looking for something unique, or a great gift for someone this is a good store to stop off at. Prices are a bit higher than shopping at Ikea, but the items here are unique. Plus it's an Albertan based company (there's also a location in Canmore) so you can feel good supporting a Canadian company.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,12/8/2011,39,733,2,9,5>This is a phenomenal store.  The owner (DJ) actually takes time to talk to you and find out what exactly would work best for you.  I'm new to supplements and a lot of fitness stuff but he spent some time with me, found out what my goals were and recommended some things.  And not just that but he explained what each of them did and how they work with my body.  He even recommended some exercises (he is also a certified personal trainer).  Ill definitely be going back to this store.  Sometimes it's hard to know who to trust when you get into something new but I trust Xtremeline completely.  I didn't feel like I was being "sold" on anything.  I've been in to GNC and Popeyes and I felt like they looked down on me and, to make matters worse, they weren't knowledgeable about their products. If you are looking for supplements and nutritional products, this is the place to go.  I live in South Edmonton and it is worth the drive to Sherwood Park - trust me!There's also t-shirts, toques, shakers, lifting gloves, lots of stuff.  And make sure you sign up for the loyalty program.  It saves you on every purchase and you get some AMAZING deals!
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2011,12/7/2011,41,524,,2,3>We decided to go to Sorrentino`s with our $20 off coupon for the Garlic Festival. The server was a very friendly and happy young man. He promptly brought out our drinks and bread to dip in the oil. I enjoy when the bread is fresh and with a little bit of oil, it's delicious.I ordered the seafood pasta, as I usually do when I go for pasta. The portion is always enough for 2 meals and it was a meal with adaquate amount of seafood. I purposely wanted to save room for the tiramisu for dessert. It was worth it and great for sharing. The waiter was knowledgable and friendly and he made for a pleasant experience. I would definitely return and hope they have another coupon next year!
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,12/6/2011,187,341,,21,16>Doesn't it always seem like the best places are the ones you never heard of? Someone mentions or recommends them, you decide to try it out, and love the place? And it's, GASP, not on Jasper or Whyte Ave. That's exactly what happened to me tonight with Lan's.It's in a pretty random spot (unless you go to NAIT), tucked into that weird strip mall on 118 Ave. with the Value Village near that bingo hall. It's much nicer and more modern on the inside than you would expect before walking in.The owner, Tom, was totally friendly the whole time we were there, from the time we sat down, to when we went up to order, to checking on us throughout the meal. The other staff I briefly encountered were also great. I feel like this is what really pushes a restaurant over the edge for me and makes me happy. Owners/staff that just radiate love for their restaurant. I did notice his familiarity with some regulars and liked that. I'm looking forward to becoming one of them!Their menu is medium sized, with about 25 items to choose from. And boy did I have a hard time deciding. I chose the red curry with noodles ($9.95). The bowl was deceiving! What a huge portion. The flavour was great, milky and spicy but not overwhelming at all. I couldn't stop eating it, and I was sad when I had to stop! Next time I'll get rice to soak up all the yummy sauce. We also had the spring rolls and green onion cake, which were fresh and light. Very, very reasonable prices. I think the curry was the most expensive thing. My dad had a medium vermicelli bowl and I think it was less than $7.I'm looking forward to going to Lan's again and bringing all my friends!P.S. - Woo hoo, 100th review!
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2011,12/5/2011,509,247,2,4,4>Excellent selections on this Spanish menu. The appetizers are appealing to the palette and the beef burrito I ordered was like no other I have tried in Edmonton. It was so good and filling. They do not apply much heat to the meals but they do provide hot sauce on the table to spice up your meal up a bit. The fried ice cream for dessert was a real treat.The restaurant has a cozy and clean atmosphere with friendly service. It was busy here for a Tuesday night and possibly another waitress is essential to speed up service. Overall we enjoyed our time at El Rancho and will return some day. I do recommend this Spanish restaurant .
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,12/4/2011,37,420,,5,2>After falling in love with local food while on vacation in Thailand, husband and I have been on a hunt for good authentic Thai restaurants in Edmonton. Numchok Wilai may just be the place. I wouldn't call the food mind-blowing but it is definitely tasty and authentic.We have tried spring rolls, tom yum, pa-nang shrimp and pad khing (with chicken). Everything was good: tasty and flavorful. Shrimp in pa-nang and chicken in pad khing were in abundance. Tom yum could have been better though. I felt that it lacked something - I can't quite put a finger on it. I could locate all usual ingredients that go into this magnificent soup: kaffir leaves, lemongrass, galangal...and yet, it lacked certain oomph. Tom yum served in Thailand spoiled me for life, I guess:) The hunt for perfect tom yum in Edmonton continues...I'll be back to Numchok Wilai to try more menu items, though. For sure!Service was excellent: timely and courteous.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,12/3/2011,85,580,1,5,4>A.k.a. "Bikeworks", a project by the Edmonton Bicycle Commuters Society (EBC). I highly recommend visiting the shop if you're looking for an inexpensive used bike, or would like to have somewhere you can go for tuning up your bike at relatively no cost.EBC is a non-profit organization run by volunteers who love bikes and the bicycle lifestyle. You walk in and everyone is just tuning up their bikes and chatting, there's a real community feel to the place. Membership is something like $20 a year and includes access to the shop so you can pop in anytime to tune in your bike yourself or with a little help from knowledgable volunteers.They have a few bikes on sale and occasionally have weekend bike sales. It's a good idea to check out their site for any events going on. A lot of the bikes are donated by locals and are in good condition, they just need a good tune-up is all. EBC is also starting a bike-rentals program, where you can rent a bike from days to months. When I stopped by a couple weeks ago, the rental program hadn't kicked in yet but it sounds like it will be soon.I managed to score a beautiful bike for $80, a steal of a deal. It was a little old but hadn't been used much at all. Keith gave it a good tune-up, I took it out for a test ride, and then took it home :) You also get free membership with bike purchase.It's a little tricky finding the shop, as the entrance is from the back alley of the building. Look for the red sign that reads "Edmonton Bicycle Commuters" and the chain link fence with the yard of bikes behind it :)One last note -- I just wanted to say that my new bike and I are quickly becoming good friends :) Thank you, EBC!
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,12/2/2011,32,58,4,5,3>5 stars to the store that promotes "Woohoo!" between adults (yes, that's a Sims 3 reference, and also a quote from Yelp when you assign 5 stars to a business - clever, huh?).The Traveling Tickle Truck truly is an adult "toy" store, selling interesting sexual products to adults. This is far, far nicer than the trashy "sex stores" you see around the city - it's clean, it's bright, it's colorful, and the products they sell look cool (sometimes it may take you a few seconds to figure out what it is, and what it does)! I've been in there a few times, and the store is inviting, and the staff are both friendly, and knowledgeable about the products, and sexual health. It's a cool addition to "East Whyte," and one I hope stays around for years and years.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2011,12/1/2011,49,256,4,9,6>WOW!!! If I could give Alhambra six stars I would. I can't believe in all of my years of book shopping and bookstore adventures I've never been here before now. The selection is the most extensive I've ever seen... period. I mean, they actually HAVE a chemistry section. And they have books in my FIELD! (Nuclear magnetic resonance.) I even found some books by well-recognized authors on rotational and vibrational spectroscopy. They've got lots of cool old cookbooks and an extensive hobby section. And they have a hypnosis section... and even a metal working section!! I'm hard pressed to find even ONE book on those topics in other bookstores! And everything was inexpensive!! (Toxicology textbooks for ten bucks? Yes please!)I was just overwhelmed by the sheer number of books in the store, and how many were crammed into this corner and that. Everywhere you turn there's a pile of books you haven't seen yet. It's so exciting!! I only spent a couple hours in the store and already I have a long list of things to buy. Alhambra Books just became my new favorite bookstore!
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,11/30/2011,7,23,,9,2>I've been to Jimmy the Tailors a couple times now. Each time bringing in a pair of jeans to hem. The price is cheap. I was only charged $7 per pair. They did a really good job. Looking at it, you'd assume it was the original stitching from when the jeans were made. That really is the most important part of hemming pants. You don't want people to know they were hemmed. The wait time is really fast. Most times I was told I could pick up later that day. The one time it wasn't, I only had to wait until the next day (only because he was in the middle of creating a special custom dress order). Anytime I have pants to hem, I bring them to Jimmy's. I know the work will be well done and the price is great.Just a special note, that the entrance is in the back of the building (don't want any of you to miss it)
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2011,11/29/2011,97,490,,6,4>It's not quite supermarket-sized, but it stocks pretty much anything you can find in a supermarket.While prices are expensive for many typical supermarket items, such as Yogurt or Orange Juice, the produce is both inexpensive and of high quality. They also sell free range eggs for $3.99/dozen.Service is friendly and helpful - which is essential when you are exploring a grocery store for the first time.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,11/28/2011,31,31,13,8,1>Yep! A shining 5 star review for the barber shop that didn't send my fiance' home looking like a mushroom top, or even worse a communist military officer.Before he left for his first appointment at Barber Ha, I said to him "honey don't let them cut it too short.. just get them to clean it up on the sides and neckline, and leave the top a little longer". That's exactly how he came home. Looking more handsome than the first day I aid eyes on him. Thanks Barber Ha!
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,11/27/2011,31,151,,4,3>I love this place. I'm more often at the downtown one than the southside, but I just had to write a review to let everyone know that they sell Argentine-style empanadas!! Having come back from an awesome trip to South America last year, I was craving all those yummy foods, including the tasty empanada, a great snack or meal... these ones come in a pack of 6, in the frozen section near the frozen stuffed pastas, made by an Albertan company and quite good. They have chicken, beef, spicy chicken, spicy beef, and ham and cheese. They even sell packages of half chicken and half beef - I bought a spicy half-half pack and a ham and cheese pack. They bake in 15-20 minutes in the oven (from frozen), puff up and get nice and golden. The spicy chicken and spicy beef are pretty good, not too too spicy but really good flavours. The ham and cheese is my favourite - lots of gooey mozzarella and little chunks of ham, and spiced with oregano - similar to a calzone but better! They are a little expense - about $17 for a 6-pack - but worth it as a treat. Now if only I could find Argentine-style chorizo sausages and make myself some choripan :)A note - I used to be able to buy small square slabs of pancetta (located in the meat ends fridge section) but I couldn't find it this time. Does anyone know if they still sell them?
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,11/26/2011,67,269,2,8,4>I starting looking into getting a cut at Icon because of the 15% student discount. It got a few meh reviews, but I figured I could at least take a look at the website.It turns out that 1) Icon has new owners, who reopened in fall 2010, and 2) one of them is a stylist I used to love at Shanti. First, if you're looking for a good deal on a cut (even with the student discount), Icon is probably not the place for you. It's a fancy salon, complete with fancy salon prices (although still not that bad), and apparently it's a popular place for the concierge at the Hotel Mac to refer clients to. That being said, I've been to some salons where it was pretty obvious they didn't think I belonged there. You won't see that here. The staff were probably more casual with me than with super fancy clients, but they were still very friendly and I received the same quality of service. I'm also super happy to have found Christina again. She just gets what I want... some stylists have a hard time really understanding that I am going to spend 30 seconds or less on my hair most mornings, and I end up with a cut that actually takes work. Every time I've seen her, I've been very happy with my cut, and I can even manage getting it to look good on my own. I also got a lesson in improving my drugstore box dye-jobs at home, much appreciated since I can't afford to get my hair coloured in salons. I won't be back here too soon, but when I've saved up for another nice haircut, this is where I'll be.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2011,11/25/2011,158,543,,7,3>I've been meaning to write this review for awhile now.  I've actually visited Billinsgate twice recently - first with my husband and toddler daughter and again with my mother.First, let me say that I've been on the hunt for Edmonton's Best Fish 'n Chips for several months now & I've even created a List documenting the places I have tried.  This all started during my last pregnancy when I had a crazy hunkering for seafood!  I'm originally from Seattle and miss the fresh coastal seafood.And I must say that HANDS DOWN this place is by far the best in quality, freshness, price, and atmosphere!  I could not believe how flaky and tender the fish was... but I'm getting ahead of myself.On the first visit my husband and I ordered an appetizer of Mussels in Pernod & Cream: Fresh steamed mussels with Pernod cream sauce,tomatoe & onion served with FoccaciaLunch $10.95Dinner $11.95 / Meal $19.95The mussels were absolutely AMAZING!  The best I have had in Edmonton and ranking right up there with the best I've had even back home on the coast.  The Foccacia was light and fresh and the sauce and herbs with the mussels were perfect.  I couldn't have imagined it any better save for that they served me 1 closed mussel which is a HUGE no-no (and especially at a seafood restaurant).Next I had the Coconut Lemongrass Seafood Stir-fry:Clams, mussels & shrimp with vegetables in a coconut lemongrass and green curry sauce. $14.95The seafood was exceptionally fresh and the flavors and curry were perfect - enough to be unique but not overpowering at all.  I do wish there had been more seafood - for price comparison I thought my husband got more seafood for his dollar with his entree.  Unfortunately there wasn't enough sauce to even cover half of my noodles so it isn't a dish I would repeat simply because I didn't enjoy "plain noodles."   We did have to wait approximately 30 minutes after our appetizer for our entrees to come which I found quite odd.  Not sure if one of our dishes had to be redone or if one of our dishes takes a long time... but our trip took 1.5 hours from sitting down to completion which is pretty long for a casual lunch.  My husband ordered the 2 Piece Lighthouse Fish and ChipsMade with Pacific Halibut filets:1 Piece $9.95 / 2 Piece $14.95This was absolutely the BEST Halibut we had at any of the Fish 'n Chips restaurants in Edmonton.  The Halibut was firm - obviously fresh - and thick pieces.  The quality was much like a Halibut steak - not end pieces or left overs.  The batter was light and crispy - not heavy and perfectly suited the fish.  I truly don't think I have ever had better Halibut    in a Fish 'n Chips entree in my life!  And the price is right on point!  Their price for 2 pieces is less than the other restaurants we visited and the quality was better and the portion larger!  My husband opted for Sweet Potato fries and they did not disappoint!  Two big thumbs up!  The only complaint - my hubby thought the coleslaw was boring.We had our toddler daughter and opted for the Children's King Crab Leg - that's right!  An entire King Crab Leg and fries for $9.99 I believe.  You can't even add a King Crab leg anywhere else in town to your entree for that price!  And it was EXCELLENT!  She only tried a bite or two, but I'm not complaining :-)*There are coupons in the SUTP coupon book for either 10% off at the fish counter or a free appetizer with entree purchase*2 Great Big Thumbs Up!The only reason I am giving it 4 stars rather than 5 is my closed mussel and the long wait for the food on this visit.Pictures of all food items are posted!
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2011,11/24/2011,79,38,2,4,3>Seriously tasty tidbits, wether your're looking for a snack or a full meal. The blackberry pork gnocchi were delightful. The wine selection is spot-on.I've been to a few events at d'Lish, which really benefited from the big open space that's available once the seating is rearranged. The owner Amanda is friendly and genuinely sweet. The other staff I've interacted with have provided great service. d'Lish is one of my top Edmonton picks for a girls' night out! It's convenient that the menu is available online. Do be aware it can be difficult to keep your bill low, as you'll want to try everything, and unless you're there when specials are on, it can get expensive.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/15/2011,11/23/2011,220,814,6,6,5>A local gourmet hot dog kiosk that recently opened in Westmount Mall, Big 'n' Juicy Dogs sells hot dogs and smokies that are all beef, with no fillers. The hot dogs come in three different sizes (small, large, and foot-long) and range from $4-$7. As well, there are dogs already dressed up with toppings, or you can build your own - the basic condiments are free, while premium ones have a charge per item. Sides include chili and homemade chips. For something lighter, there is a turkey dog available.I opted for the "Naked Dog," which is a jumbo hot dog on a stick. It was a bit clumsy to eat (and believe me, people were giving me strange looks), but as I never put much on my dogs anyways, I decided to go for the less expensive option rather than paying another dollar and a half for the bun. The hot dog was extremely flavourful and juicy. It was literally exploding in my mouth. I only wish the stick was a little thicker instead of being a thin bamboo rod. This is turning into an awkward paragraph and I am going to change the topic. Now.Big 'n' Juicy Dawgs adds a fresh, bright feel to the Westmount food court. It is a big on the pricy side (much more expensive than Fat Franks), but the product is high quality. If you like hot dogs, it is worth a bite.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2011,11/22/2011,78,111,3,7,5>Checked out this place earlier today, and it's great. Set up in the former cafe dabar,  Cafe Coral de Cuba has kept a lot of the welcoming decor, but added a Latin twist with salsa music, cane chairs and a fake palm or two. The warm and relaxing atmosphere takes a back seat to the food and drinks though, which were delicious. There's a good mix of traditional cafe fare (muffins, cake, sandwiches) and cuban or central american dishes (ropa vejo, cassava, empandas) available, all for a good price. We tried the beef empanda, cassava in mojo and cheese & guava dessert. The empanda crust was lovely and flaky, with tender minced beef and peppers inside, while the cassava was very similar to mashed potatoes in taste and texture. The cheese and guava dessert (basically guava jam sandwiched between slices of cheese) was a great combination of sweet, tangy and savoury, if very unique. Portions were huge, and very affordable. The only drawbacks were the temperatures - I would have expected both the empanda and cassava to have been served much warmer, and the spice factor - the food is tasty, but is a tiny bit bland by South/central American standards - it seemed like Cafe Coral de Cuba is pulling it's punches to appeal more to 'gringo' sensibilities. For drinks, we got the  white hot chocolate and the cold raspberry white mocha. They were a little pricey, but the portions were HUGE and they tasted terrific, a great combination of creamy & sweet. Service was good, and the staff extremely friendly. All in all, a great place to visit - I will be back!
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2010,11/21/2011,292,404,3,14,9>Rodeo burgers is the perfect lunch pickup for people who work/study at the University or hospital.  The burgers are juicy and french fries phenomenal, to say the least.  The reason for a 4* is not because it's the best burger in town, but because it definitely transcends the expectations of fast food.  Customizable burgers - that's the best!  As an eager customer, you are presented with several choices of toppings for your burger, like mushrooms, caramelized onions, roasted peppers etc. and also a decent variety of sauces, apart from just a mustard-mayo combination.  Most of the toppings are free, except for stuff like bacon and cheese.  They also have predefined burgers for those who don't want to waste time figuring out their options.  Try the southwestern burger - it's  pretty good!When it comes to fries, they have seasoned fries and sea salt fries, both of which are great.  The staff are friendly and the service is a bit on the slower side, for fast food, which is again a good thing.  You don't want to eat food that's prepared in 2 mins!  They make it with care and with fresh ingredients.Totally worth its price and very filling indeed.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2011,11/20/2011,14,82,2,2,2>Back again last night. Yes, its a fave, and yes I eat out this often!Food and service was great! The restaurant was BUSY with tons of people waiting for tables. Went with a friend I hadn't seen in a while, and we just wanted to catch up. We were in no way rushed by staff to turn over the table.I had the usual (Walnut Gorgonzola Salad & Sweet BBQ Chicken Pizza) and my friend tried something new (Napoli Salad & Conforto Pizza). For dessert, I the Blueberry Gelato, and her the Tiramisu. Both of us left happy and full. Prices are right too!!
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2011,11/19/2011,155,209,8,15,5>For me, braces bring up childhood memories of old friends with green and blue elastics on their teeth, unable to chew gum, and frequently on a "soft foods" diet.  They bring up memories of awkward first kisses, children's Tylenol, and mouthfuls of metal.  Ahhhh.....junior high.......is NOT what you want to be remembering when YOU are 27 and told you have to get braces for the SECOND time.  Thank the universe for Callingwood Orthodontics!  I shopped the Orthodontics scene in Edmonton after being told I would require at least 3 years to add to my already two years of painful braces, plus jaw surgery.  Unwilling to accept that this was the only way, I made my way to many (5 in total) Dr's. in Edmonton, gaining opinions and knowledge and examining types of braces and technology.  I was unsatisfied with my search in finding the perfect orthodontist who didn't want to just cut my face open, until I found Dr. Puszczak.  This man saved my (social) life and presented me with three treatment plans that were possible in gradual steps and the option to choose as I pleased.  Yes, one option was 3 years of braces and invasive jaw surgery, but the other two were much less invasive, much less time, and worth a shot too.  I got my "adult" braces on on July 6, 2010.  This is a day I will never forget!  I had agreed to a set of "clear" braces (not Invisalign.....actual brackets), which is what I had the last time I had braces.  The brackets were placed in one easy movement thanks to a custom made mold that prevented the good Dr. from having to place each bracket individually, and prevented me from having to sit through that.   The brackets themselves are not that bulky and require no elastics to hold the wire in place (this is important if you like to eat a lot of colorful foods like tea and chicken noodle soup!).  Cosmetically it could be a LOT worse as well.  I have had a couple people not even notice the braces for a couple weeks of regular (although a slight distance away) interaction, and on quick glance they are not noticeable.  My appointments have been every 6-8 weeks which is also much nicer than the once a month visits I was used to the first time around.  I also find the discomfort after each appointment tolerable as these braces are designed to apply lighter force throughout the time between appointments instead of a can't-chew-anything-not-even-a-smoothy whammy of force with each appointment.  Overall, this has been a fairly comfortable experience, all things considered.  I really enjoy the vibe of this practice most of all.  Dr. P. is always upbeat, professional, and explains things to me on an adult level and with respect to my medical training.  One of my biggest pet peeves with some of the other Orthodontists I saw in town was being spoken to like another 10 year old patient with no understanding of the body or physics or physiology, even after I told them I was a two time graduate from University and working as a nurse.  The staff at Callingwood are also very professional, fast, and fun.  Before I got my braces on, I received a large bag of goodies of things I wouldn't be able to eat during treatment (sticky, crunchy, wonderful things that I still may cheat on VERY carefully once in a while!).  I thought this was a great touch!  You also get to ring a gong when your braces come off and have your picture go up on a wall.  A little silly perhaps, but I am actually really looking forward to ringing that gong one day, and hopefully getting another bag full of things I can eat again without having to worry about ripping a bracket off.  I can't say enough good about this place.  They are taking me through what is at times a very frustrating experience (my wedding is on hold due to not wanting to have wedding pictures full of braces.....yes....I am that vain) and making it as enjoyable as possible.  I also very much appreciated the options that were presented to me, as I believe you have to be the director of your own health care, especially with private services like orthodontics.  I know how intimidating it can be being told you need all this work, but if this is you or someone you know, ASK QUESTIONS, feel free to shop around, get different opinions and educate yourself.  Its YOUR body, and something like orthodontics is potentially going to take a lot of YOUR money, YOUR time, and cause some pain for YOU.  Dr. P and his practice respects this on all levels and they do their very best to still provide the best work and service while working with your life.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2010,11/18/2011,73,717,,5,5>If I could live in Tzin everyday, without becoming a total wine-and-tapas hedonist, I would. Just knowing a place like Tzin exists in our city, makes me love it a little bit more. Whenever I'm craving great wine and delectable food, served in an intimate and decadently draped hollow, located on 104 St (next to deVine Wines) I now know where to go to satiate the lover and tzinner in me.The owner, Glen, knows not only his wines, but your wines. He listens to what you like, then if you're open to his picks, he will take you on a tour de grapes you won't soon forget! For me, he chose the 2004 Gloriosa Rioja, forever altering my view of the Spanish red. Next, the Glen Carlou Grand Classique from South Africa, followed by Dierberg Three Saints Syrah (U.S.A.) Both: exquisite. Then he poured a glass of the Petit Syrah Rosenblum 2006 and I fell a little deeper in love. All of this, with tasty tapas, including sirloin and mushroom crostinis and a delicious antipasto platter. If you're looking for a special place to hold a small, intimate gathering, this is perfect. Also great for a third date or anniversary. Reserve to avoid disappointment. It doesn't take much to fill this place - seems lots of other Edmontonians also love living in tzin.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,11/16/2011,30,60,4,7,5>I recently went to the new location of Padmanadi and it was better than ever! I think they've changed the menu slightly, but the food is still excellent. And the decor at the new location is very nice. Kasim and his crew have taken all of the charm and "family-ness" of the old location and gone upscale with it. It's a much fancier space than the previous one, but it still retains all of the friendliness.On my visit to the new location, I went with my girlfriend and a couple of friends. We ordered the Dinner for Four and went to town. Everything was outstanding. I'm not a huge fan of the mushy, fried tofu (I prefer smaller chunks so my deep fried tofu is more crispy than mushy), but even the tofu and mushroom dish was great.The "chicken" curry was excellent, but I still prefer the "mutton," and the ginger "beef" was fantastic!I'm rarely a fan of mock-meat, but Padmanadi does an amazing job of it. Despite being a meat-eater, Padmanadi remains one of my favourite restaurants in the city (and a birthday dinner staple!).
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,11/14/2011,65,170,3,7,4>This past weekend, I headed up to St. Albert for a wonderful dinner at Luisa Ristorante.  It's a good thing we made reservations because the place was hopping, even when we arrived at about 6:45.  We were seated at what must be the best table in the house, right in the front window.Our server was excellent, very knowledgeable about the menu and the specials.  Speaking of the menu, there were so many vegetarian options, and I don't mean that our server said, "Yeah, I guess we can make it without the chicken" like almost every Italian place in Edmonton.  They had several veg options printed in the actual menu.  We ended up going for the bruschetta (very good), the pasta al forno (excellent), gnocchi (quite tasty), and the tortellini (outstanding).  Their prices are much more reasonable than any place in Edmonton.We don't get up to St. Albert too often, but when we do, we will undoubtedly head to Luisa Ristorante again.Thanks, Yelpers, for recommending this place.  Once again, you didn't let me down.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2011,11/13/2011,12,62,3,5,4>I went here for a late dinner today and it was delicious. We didn't know what to expect of Ethiopian food, so we had the waitress recommend a few things. She recommended the kitfo, a spiced beef tartar, and the yemisir kit wot, a lentil stew. We also ordered the yebeg tibs, a lamb stir-fry. The kitfo was seasoned well, though it's texture was a little off, which could have been because we ordered it slightly cooked. The lentils were rich and satisfying, with a nice subtle spice, and the stir-fry was delicious overall but a better cut of lamb would benefit the dish exponentially. I was a big fan of the sourdough flatbread and hands on eating style, but my boyfriend was tired of the bread by the end of the meal. Overall I had a great experience and will definitely be coming back!
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,11/12/2011,7,33,3,4,3>Finally! The Dessert House (aka B-Tsai in Chinese) finally comes to Edmonton. Their one location in Calgary have been opened for the longest time and with numerous people bugging the owners for years to open one in Edmonton, they finally did! (about a month ago).This is the newest place to go for bubble teas, regular teas and chinese desserts. They also serve casual meals like Chinese noodles. My favourite dessert is the mango in fruit juice and tapioca. Mmm! It comes in three sizes (small- for 1 person, medium- for 2 to 3 people and large- 4+ people). Depending on how hungry I am, I could eat a medium-sized one for a meal haha.Warning though- since all their dishes are made from scratch and from fresh fruits, their prices are higher than other bubble tea places. Bubble teas come in small and large with a small about $5. The mango dessert dish, a small is about $8 and a medium is about $12. As well, since they're making everything from scratch and depending on how many people are working (between 3 to 5), you can expect a wait time of about 15 minutes for your food to come out. There are about 10 tables inside to sit and socialize, as well as some chairs to sit and wait if you're ordering your food for take-out. I'm guessing about 20 to 30 people can sit down at a time. Definitely a hot-spot Friday and Saturday nights. They're open late (until around midnight I think) on those nights as well.Since they're located in the same complex as the Original Joes, parking in the parking lot is pretty limited. If the lot is full, then parking will be at the meters in front of the complex or in the neighbourhoods.They're pricey enough that I wouldn't go every weekend, but definitely at least once a month. I talked to the owner and he said they're starting to franchise. We'll see when the next location will pop up in Edmonton!
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2009,11/11/2011,3,8,4,20,7>I've been going to Eden roughly since I first moved to Edmonton 5 years ago.  Before I come across as biased, I have tried other salons, such as Hennessey salon in southgate, and Icon hair in manulife. The thing that really sets Eden apart from the others, is their great customer service, and consistency.  Before I start the details, I just wanted to say, "Temple Massages". More on that in a bit, but remember that.The place is ran by a couple, Ben and Sophie. Ben is usually seen in the front, when Sophie is a stylist. They have a handful of other stylists, but honestly I could'nt give my own opinion on them, as I have only been going to Sophie for all these years (okay I did try another dude for a bit, but I was in a experimental phase. Forgivable.)  although I did hear good things of the others, so don't be afraid to try around.Everytime I call to book a appointment, or first come in the salon, I'm greeted with really great customer service. Always greeted by name, and offered something to drink. Sophie is a pro.  I'm a guy, so I dont always put so much thought into my hairstyle.  I know I can always go to Sophie and just say something vague like, "I want something edgy" or, "I want something more office friendly but still a bit edgy" etc, and she will always deliver, while giving me a cut that really fits my features.  On top of that, she's fun to talk to, and easy to get along with.  I always know I'll have a laugh or two when I go there.  And if you thought I didnt have more good to say, remember what I said before.  TEMPLE MASSAGES.  Seriously.  When she gives you a wash, she gives you THE BEST temple massage.  She has to be famous for them or something.  I purposely book my appointments around lunchtime so I can have a nice mid day relaxing temple massage.  If I was stressed in the morning, I won't be when I go back in the afternoon. I honestly don't have 1 negative thing to say about the place.  I'm used to reviewing restaraunts mainly, so I don't give a 5 star rating unless I really think a place is well rounded and exceeds on each aspect of running a business. Customer service, quality, consistency, etc.  Eden salon delivers on all of these points for me, so I could'nt recommend them strong enough to you.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,11/10/2011,12,2,2,4,4>As a guitar store as a left handed player, this might as well be paradise. Why, you ask? Well, it's because they certainly carry way more than one and in several makes and price points for bass, acoustic guitar and electric guitar. This in itself is a miracle. No waits! For the record, back in 2002, I bought my first acoustic here: Left handed Yamaha midrange.You also have to watch your step, this place is so filled up to the brim of guitars and accessories. It's actually sort of amazing it's somehow manageable to find product, but they do have them sectioned off.Reason why I'm leaving my first review to these guys even though I've been part of Yelp for a bit: it's because they know their product, even odd product that some other guitar stores have no idea what I'm talking about.My story (acquiring an odd product & tech work on guitar):I've been trying to chase down a Rock Band 3 Squier Fender Stratocaster to play Pro Mode on Rock Band 3 for awhile and when I phoned them, they knew what I was talking about and asked if I needed the midi pro adapter as well and for which console. Colour me impressed! Some other shops told me to check Future Shop/Best Buy, but only because they thought I was looking for a plastic guitar with the buttons... No, the Squier Fender for Rock Band 3 is also a MIDI enabled as well. It can also be played over amp and has real frets and real strings. So, they were not ignorant towards this.Also, I needed the special only-available-in-righty to be restrung, the nut changed over as well as a few other things that needed it to be able to be played properly over Rock Band 3 as well as in general over an amp. The tech looked it over and was very quick with the restringing (we voided the warranty here, pretty much, only because I'm lefty -- so if you're lefty and wanting this, make sure you try it first on the game right handed so that you know it works before doing this!) It was also done for a very reasonable price: $20 for all that work. I had a couple of items I had to buy to make this work: new set of strings as the ones provided would be too short on the switch and a strap button.I was really, really nervous about this restringing since this particular model isn't the cheapest and he told me if there was any issue to bring it back. He cared that it worked for me because it's... just that odd of an instrument in this case: that it also has to work for the game (it's complicated to go over here).The Bottom Line:This is my guitar store of choice. Especially since they cared that you're happy and it will work! Techs that stand by their work, knowledgeable, friendly store personal and great selection, even for an often forgotten segment of the population (left handed guitarists/bassists).
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,11/9/2011,32,106,2,2,2>I've tried other Indian restaurants in the city, and sometimes have short-term love affairs with them, but I keep coming back to Khazana.The restaurant is well-decorated and very cozy - warm rich wood everywhere makes you feel at home, and the fireplace adds further warmth to the atmosphere.For appetizers, I love the pakora and the flavourful sauces that are served with them.The SO and I generally order the Mixed Grill, which is a good sampler of tandoori meats: Tandoori chicken, grilled salmon Peshawari & Alberta Beef Boti, as well as lamb. To lighten it up, try requesting the Tandoori salad (peppers, onions, pineapple and paneer) instead of one of the meats - they are happy to substitute the dishes for you. I also love the Shahi Paneer, which features the same sauce as Butter Chicken, but contains cubes of fresh paneer instead of meat. Order lots of Naan bread to soak up all of the delicious sauce.We have had a few negative experiences here. In one instance the server was very unfriendly and inattentive and the buffet's food was on the cold side (and quite mushy). However, I learned my lesson from this visit and have since stuck to ordering off the menu - this rarely disappoints.Solid food with generally good service can be expected at Khazana.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2011,11/8/2011,10,40,1,6,3>Noorish restaurant offers "the full meal deal" if you are looking for nourishment for your body, mind and soul. Located on 109th St. near 84th Ave., this lovely restaurant serves up organic, raw, locally produced and gluten free vegetarian options on its menu. We enjoyed the Buddha bowl with quinoa and the mixed greens served with kale chips. This restaurant proves that uber healthy foods can also be uber tasty! Guiltless dining at its best!In addition to the restaurant, there is a smoothie bar, teaching kitchen, and yoga and meditation studio. Browse the retail space for carefully chosen cookbooks which reflect the philosophy of conscientious eating. Interesting flavorful snack choices abound as well.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2011,11/7/2011,10,42,,3,3>This is such an interesting little shop. The jewelry, the clothing (though a bit odd..), the shoes, decor etc is definently a feast for the eyes. There's always some really great music playing and a fun sale on (usually a "colour" sale..sometimes one where if you dance you get 15% off). They usually have it wrote on the chalk board outside. Because there is so much to choose from, you kind of need a bit of a hawkeye to find what you're looking for...so if you're going in for a bracelet or necklace, well, you have lots (and lots!) to choose from.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2010,11/6/2011,18,228,3,3,3>I've heard of this store from one of my good friends who loves this place.  Actually she has this leather bag that she got from The Plaid Giraffe and I love it maybe more than she does!  It's a really nice bag but it's a couple of years old now and the store no longer carries one like it.  They have some really nice other bags though but not like my friends so I, personally, wasn't really interested.  I did like their cute wallets made from different colored leather with fun designs or patterns on them.  They have a lot of accessories.  Their whole back half of the store is devoted to accessories.  I found some great earrings that I've been looking for at some good prices; one pair was $9.99 and the other pair (a pair of square ones; I actually don't own square shaped earrings!) for $11.99.  They have a lot of really nice but not too expensive looking jewelry.  Their store is really nice and net with lots of open areas so you can actually breath.  The two girls that were working were really nice and super friendly.  They let me look around in peace without bugging me or pressuring me to buy something; it was really nice to just to my thing.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2011,11/4/2011,14,25,,5,3>The service is so fast, It doesn't matter what you order, within 10-15 minutes its ready to go (Or eat, I usually get takeout). The rice always tastes fresh and the sashimi and sushi never has a weird overpowering taste like some places I have had sushi. This is a great place for groups and also for a one on one date or a night out with the girls, they do sell alcohol! They also have specials almost every night of the week such as cheap California rolls or cheap kabobs. I like how they also give a decent portion of wasabi and ginger which is great because some places really cheap out on that and that is not cool.They also have some tasty desserts and unique fruity drinks instead of plain old water or pop.The decor is cute and simple and the ambiance is warm and inviting. The restaurant is clean and so are the bathrooms. The staff are quick and efficient and always refill my drink promptly. The location they are at right now is kind of small but they are moving to a bigger location in Spring of 2011 as mentioned by the staff that work there!
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,11/3/2011,136,590,2,4,2>Stumbled across this little shop walking back from A Taste of Edmonton. I really like the concept of everything being so environmentally friendly. I think my favorite part of this little store was all the indoor gardens you could grow. I definitely want to try and grow some Sunflowers and Herbs. There is a wide range of product in this store ranging from baby stuff, to books, plants, skin care, recycled bags, you name it and they probably have it.I really liked the environment in the store, it was so serene and quaint. It's definitely not one of those stores that is loud and the shopkeeper is annoying.I can't wait to go back!
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/29/2008,11/2/2011,74,399,7,5,6>I've gone to The Russian Tea Room on Jasper Avenue sporadically over the years, and every time I visit, it's basically the same. The cheesecakes are always amazing. The psychics are still kicking around. And the overall atmosphere is generally the same. The only thing that changes is the staff... I think. The food here is mediocre. It's not bad, but it's nothing special. I had a chicken sandwich with potato salad. The chicken was a bit dry, and the salad tasted like something I'd pick up at the supermarket deli or make at home. The cheesecakes, however, are delectable. There are endless choices from chocolate to blueberry, and you can even purchase an entire cake to take home. (So if you are going through a break-up and need to gorge, you know where to go.)Aside from their large variety of cheesecakes, there are several psychics available to give you some spiritual insight. I've been too chicken to see one myself as of yet, but I know that it's not cheap. Still, I think the combination of psychics and cheesecakes makes this place unique and worth visiting.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,11/1/2011,20,21,,3,4>I consider myself to be a  connoisseur when it comes to poutine!I traveled to Montreal last year and went to the amazing La Banquise Resto, which serves over twenty different types of poutine.So, when I went to La Poutine, I had high expectations. Overall, the poutine was fabulous. I went in and ordered the Granny poutine, with chicken and peas (my favorite from La Banquise happens to have peas and turkey). The service was friendly and the food was out very quickly. The fries tasted like fries in Quebec, which is quite a feat! The gravy was delicious and who doesn't love cheese curds? They had spiffy little "to go" containers that were perfect for keeping a poutine together. The price was right! I didn't mind spending about $10 for lunch for my boyfriend and I. Here are a few areas I think La Poutine was lacking:We had stayed in the restaurant to eat, and I would have definitely preferred my poutine on a plate, instead of a "to go" container. I like to create as little waste as possible, but also if it is on a plate, all the toppings are more evenly spread out. The restaurant itself is very small, perhaps more intended for take out. I was hoping for a place with a little patio perhaps. In Montreal, La Banquise is open 24 h and people love to sit out on their patio and drink a beer with their poutine. La Poutine does not serve alcohol and it is quite squishy if you are there during lunch hours. Also, I did not see any bathrooms available to customers. Otherwise, the location is good and it is quite close to student housing for UofA. Overall, La Poutine had awesome food and good service. It was also nice to hear the cook in the back speaking French! They are brand new and I'm sure they're still working on fixing any minor issues. I would definitely go back again! -Ashley Marie
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,10/31/2011,31,99,5,14,5>My body hates me. Sports season rolls around four times a year for me, and I always end off every season with various injuries: stress fractured tibias, heel pain, knee pain, mashed up fingers, bleeding toes. To say that I play pretty hard and don't think about the consequences is a bit of an understatement.I visited the ESI after a fairly bad injury to my right leg that had left me with some nerve damage - meaning I was having trouble actually using my foot to walk, which scared me pretty badly. After a bit of googling, I found ESI and sent them an email outlining what I had done and my symptoms - I am not a professional athlete and I had already had x-rays done at a medicentre claiming "nothing was broken," so I was nervous as to whether my case was actually legitimate or not. Low and behold, I was emailed back almost immediately by the admin staff, asking me to call in and make an appointment. They were able to find me an appointment within a few days of sending that email, which is an amazing feat for any doctor's office.I went in and saw Dr Gregg and he was a wonderful doctor - really understood that my active life is important to me and gave me the facts straight without being unfriendly. He was confident and knowledgeable and I walked out (well, hobbled out) feeling really great that I had found a solution to some of my injuries. He explained a lot of things about my feet and legs that no other doctor has taken the time to explain to me.I have also had the pleasure of seeing David, one of the individuals at the ESI who does orthotics making and fitting. Booking several appointments with him for the various fittings and consultation was very easy and he seemed to really love his trade and be genuinely concerned for my health. I have been wearing my orthotics for almost a month now and have seen severe improvements in my running stride and my pronation. It is scary how many injuries came out of those elements alone and how long it took for me to find a doctor in Edmonton who actually figured that out.The clinic itself is very nice and clean, and includes a large physiotherapy space on site. All orthotics are also made on site, which is nice to know. If you have any problems with muscle pain, injuries, mobility issues or foot pain, I definitely recommend calling and getting yourself in to see the doctors at the ESI. It's really great to find a medical centre that is going to get you the answers you need to be active and pain-free.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2010,10/30/2011,21,834,3,6,3>The Sultan Palace Cafe is a great place to go with friends, hang out and just relax. The place itself is pretty simple that has plenty of seating but can get really busy on the weekends. The have good food and offer Shisha as well with many different flavors. That is the main attraction. They often have some live musical acts playing but I could do without those. Sometimes it gets too loud and takes away from the relaxing atmosphere. If you haven't been here before you should check it out. Plan to go with some friends for an evening where you don't have anything else planned. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2010,10/29/2011,7,416,3,3,5>This place is over the top fun!I've never eaten here, but I have had plenty of beer and good times. A friend recommended we go here one Saturday night and when we drove up, I thought it would be a quiet little place where we would hang out and talk.I was sooo wrong.We walked in the door and I was immediately surprised with both the east coast setting and the loud riot inside. I felt like we were picked up and placed into an all out party.We sat at a table that had a drinking game drawn into the table (This was not done by random drinking kids, it was professionally drawn on by The Trap peeps) and it was a riot to play. Our server was on the ball, and we always had full drinks.I would definitely go back again, and this time I will eat!
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2011,10/28/2011,35,101,4,5,5>I have this problem - I love to cook, and more often than not, I find myself frantically running all over the city trying to find ingredients for whatever culinary experiment I happen to be conducting.A few weeks back, I decided to try to make a beer and cheese soup.  Finding the beer was not a problem (for some odd reason, I know where all the liquor stores are in my neighborhood), but locating the cheese was more difficult.  I needed 2 cups of Gruyere, cubed.  A whirlwind circuit of the usual grocery stores (Sobey's, Save On, etc) only yielded a few thin slices of Gruyere for what would have turned out to be an insanely expensive soup, had I gone that route.Fortunately, I found salvation on Yelp.  Two specialty cheese shops appeared before me (well, on my screen, at least).  Since Everything Cheese turned out to be closer to my home (south side, represent!), I decided to check them out.  Finding the store turned out to be a bit of a challenge, as I ended up taking a couple of wrong turns, which caused me to enjoy an impromptu tour of Riverbend.Once I found the shop, I was completely awed by the vast array of cheese that appeared before my eyes.  I am by no means a cheese connoisseur, but even I could tell that this was an impressive collection of coagulated milk products.The staff were friendly and extremely helpful, and I was even more impressed when I got home and realized that they had been eeriely accurate in judging how big of a slab of cheese to sell me - Once I took the knife to it, it was precisely two cups, cubed.One other thing that I liked was the assortment of cheese paraphenelia - serving trays, cutting implements, fondue sets, et cetera.Price wise, the cheese turned out to be a great deal less expensive than I thought it would be.  I wasn't paying attention to the prices on the other products, but I would imagine them to be equally reasonable.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/8/2011,10/27/2011,53,82,3,6,6>I've had brunch at De Ville a few times. Though the room looks somewhat dated -- the upholstery appears ancient -- and the room is far from modern, the food is quite good, and the staff and great.Definitely try the eggs benedict here, and if you have a large appetite don't miss the banana bread. I don't know what the hell they do to it, but it's probably the best banana bread I've ever tasted.De Ville's not amazing, but it's pretty good. I'd go back and give it another try!
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2011,10/26/2011,52,122,2,8,4>As a gal who loves to scrapbook, this store has it all. despite the fact that there is a lot of inventory in this this store, when you walk in, it still feels spacious and clean and well decorated. The inventory is well organized and displayed in a very pleasing way. There are lots of scrapbook pages and altered projects displayed in the store that makes you eager to get going on something for yourself. Those samples are great at demonstrating that scrapbooking doesn't have to be about hokey, but can be stylish and trendy. The staff is very friendly and casual. They are usually working on some scrapbook page or altered art piece that is always interesting. They are also quite knowledgable and a ready to answer any questions you have regarding products and product use.They have a nice spacious cropping area, so that you can go in and do some scrapbooking, which is furnished with a die cutting machine and an ample amount of dies to use. There is also a nice play area for the kids that is closed off and filled with toys. It's perfect to keep the kiddies entertained while Mom has a little retail therapy. Also, if you like to take classes, keep your eye out for classes as they like to bring in experienced teachers that are extremely talented and have some amazing projects. This is one store that I go out of my way to visit when I manage to get into Edmonton and usually walk out with something. Consider taking a look through the store, there really is something for everyone.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,10/25/2011,19,76,2,2,3>I love the niche market that these clothing, shoe, and accessory items are geared towards; I just wish it were more budget friendly. The best thing to do is find one (or two) key pieces that can accent your wardrobe with your existing items; ideally these are in the sale section! All of the staff are very friendly so I never feel pressured or out of place while browsing. I have even mentioned "oh that is out of my budget" and they have responded with nice comments like "I understand" or "that's okay, maybe next time" which I find comforting. This is a great place to go dream about how fabulous you will look once you win the lottery!
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/8/2011,10/24/2011,26,15,,8,4>I came here with my family on a whim because both my brother and I had been meaning to try it and we were in the area.  I'm glad we did because it is a classy little place with nice decor with extensive wine and whisky lists. They also have a temperature controlled wine cellar in the back.  The wine was actually a bit overpriced so we opted for beer instaed, I would like to go back and try their whisky sample flight. I had the special which was lamb curry and it was wonderful; homey and satisfying.  I would come back here with friends as a nice quiet place to have a couple drinks and appitisers. too bad it's really out of the way if you don't have a car.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2011,10/23/2011,70,102,,3,3>I've been here a couple times before tonight, but I always enjoy it here.We get coconut shrimp and coconut soup for our appy's, my friend ordered Pad Thai , and I had Butter Chicken. After seeing her Pad Thai , I wanted that too , but I was craving Indian food tonight.  We always get to sit up on one of the curved booths, that overlooks the lower half of the restaurant. Although its not  that private, but who cares we just talk a little quieter. We always have fun and the staff is great, very attentive and we never have to wait for our drinks to be replaced.  No room for any desserts. Nice clientelle there too . Everything was perfect.  I gave this a 4 * , just because of the privacy issue, and parking is a pain.  Other wise the 5 * banger would have shown.   They take reservations, and are preferred.  We also saw quite a few people being turned away tonight,  because they never had reservations,  I think they should have another section, just for walk ins, it would keep everyone happy.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,10/22/2011,31,124,,5,3>My search for a pair of TOMS shoes led to me this...hair salon?Random, but I gave it a try.They didn't have a huge selection, but a small choice of (I'm guessing) the most popular colours/styles.  I was greeted warmly by Jane, who offered to bring me a couple of sizes to try.  She was very patient as I wandered around the front of the shop testing out which size was best, and offered advice as to how much they will stretch as I wear them.Sold!I asked about men's selection, and she told me that they only had a few, and the biggest size was an 11 (my Hubs needs a 13).  But then she proceeded to tell us of other places around town that we could check, and then called those places to see if they had the size we were looking for!Jane was friendly and helpful and I will not only go back for shoes, but I just might check out the actual hair services as well.I even noticed a tray of scones and muffins for customers to snack on - this place has everything a girl could hope for!
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2011,10/21/2011,45,119,2,6,3>ERHL is a non-contact men's hockey league (although some teams have a few female players). I've played in the league for four or five seasons and had a ton of fun and met some cool people.The hockey is just your average beer league hockey, not too fast,  not too slow and not too chippy. They have both a summer and winter league and I've played in both. I find the summer league is a bit rougher and players seem to be a little less responsible than the winter season.I think there are about 15 games in the summer season, plus playoffs, and 30 in winter, plus playoffs. In winter, the ice times are not ideal, so be prepared to play at 11 p.m. on Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights and the occasional 7 a.m. weekend game. There is usually one game per week. The ice times in summer are much better, usually between 6-9 p.m. on week nights, with two games per week. The league has a newish website which has box scores, schedules, stats and standings. Pretty much everything you would need on the site. The refereeing is not bad. You just have to remember you're an amateur player that makes mistakes on the ice and they are amateur refs who make mistakes too. The league is also good at handling suspensions when they are necessary, which keeps things in check. Like any hockey league, you have the odd idiot on the ice, but that really can't be avoided ;) But I have never felt unsafe and only really felt like someone had intent to injure me, but it was dealt with appropriately.
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2011,10/20/2011,38,68,4,7,5>I really enjoy breakfast at Route 99. This is my "go-to" place for breakfast on weekends if our family is feeling like a treat. It's a an older diner, but the charm of the 50's decor on the walls is what makes it feel like you are back in time. Definitely a greasy spoon, but not disgustingly so.The service is always great, fast and friendly, which seems to be hard to come by these days in restaurants. As soon as we sit down, a waitress is offering us coffee-that's a winner for me!I've eaten lunch here a couple of times and it's average. Food is good, but not amazing. I'd rather eat diner fare here than a big chain restaurant, as it's about the same.The thing I like the most about this place is the reliability-I know exactly what to expect and I get it every time!
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2011,10/19/2011,14,39,1,4,4>The first staple I needed when I moved to Edmonton was a good brew pub. Quite a few people recommended Brewsters; the beer there was worth every droplet of blood sucked out of me by mosquitoes on my walk over.In all, my date and I tried 10 different beers. The highlights were the ales and the stout. We were able to successfully play a blind taste tasting game. Each beer is distinct.The waitress was slightly on the sassy side, so that was nice. She cajoled us into asking her questions, claiming that everybody always asks questions about the beer. I asked her what IBU meant; she didn't know; I looked it up later.We didn't eat any food (though the nachos are definitely on my "To Eat" list) and we drank 10 beers, so there may have been a little tipsiness, but the casual and welcoming atmosphere made it feel like the best environment for mild intoxication.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2011,10/18/2011,49,125,4,6,3>Was in the area today and remembered today was Crave's grand opening ! Popped in and was surprised to see only 1 person in there.. I suppose it was close to closing time though... The layout of it is very cute ! First thing I noticed was that these are a tad cheaper then other places.. I remember going to Fuss and it was $8 something for 2.. Here I got 2 regular size ($2.95ea) and two minis ($1.75ea) . And it came to $9 something. Anyways ! Being a hater of the buttermilk I stuck with my best friend cream cheese icing.. I got the Dark Angel ( Chocolate cake w/ cream cheese icing) in a regular and a Velvet Elvis (Red velvet w cream cheese icing) in mini. First bite of the dark angel, it was a flavor explosion! The cake melted in my mouth along with the EXTREMELY sweet icing. Now my teeth didn't hate me for it surprisingly ! But the sweetness is a lot to take in. It was pretty hard to eat the whole thing at once so I only took two bites so I could try the other.  Velvet elvis was a different experience on its own. The only way I can describe the taste was that I was eating the sun covered in lolipops. No joke. And with being the mini it was just perfect for sweetness. No overdose, no shaking while driving etc etc.  So for those of you with a super sweet tooth I would suggest this place ! And with those of you that don't.. stick to the minis ! They're awesome !
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,10/17/2011,94,253,3,4,4>Pulled-pork sandwiches, bagels and noodles under one roof? The potential for disaster is there but Noodle Maker easily scores in all three culinary categories. I finally visited after hearing so much about the place and was immediately pleased by the large silk cherry tree by the till. An antique stove sits by another wall. The room itself is sparse but is packed with loyal customers. The owner visits with everyone and makes recommendations. I noshed on deep-fried basa with nori and they were perfectly flaky, crunchy and possessed not a trace of grease. My noodles swam in a rich, salty-sweet broth that contained fat shrimp, pork belly and several types of mushrooms including wood ears and shitake. In a word, wow. The street outside is a bit sketchy but the warmth and good food inside are without compare. It's a gamble when a restaurant professes to master very different genres of cuisine under one roof (*cough* certain place on Whyte Ave that recently closed down *cough*) but Noodle Maker proves the delicious exception.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,10/16/2011,3,7,2,8,4>This veterinary clinic is close to our home and the doctors I've seen with our Boston Terrier Zeke have always been really friendly. You can tell they love animals. I haven't had a problem waiting too long for our appointment and even though it's a small clinic, it is clean. Zeke really doesn't mind going to the vet! I would even venture to say that he likes it.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2011,10/15/2011,164,49,,3,2>Had a lot of questions when I walked in but the owner / manager spent a good 30 minutes with me helping to answer and put together a solution that met my needs. As they're the wholesaler, they always have a lot in stock (a LOT) and at the best pricesDon't let the front of the building fool you, once you walk in and see their store room, you'll notice a hallway to the back.  The back opens up into a massive room with more brewing and bottling needs.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,10/14/2011,102,42,2,4,5>For the Garneau area, Kabuki probably has the best sushi.  I love that they use real crab meat in the california rolls and not imitation and the salmon is so fresh and they are very generous with the amount used in salmon maki.  For pick up it is great as they are very quick and you are not waiting around forever.  I have a soft spot for family run businesses and the couple that runs Kabuki are so sweet and friendly that I want to come back here over other places.  I am looking forward to my next visit as there are still so many rolls I have yet to try!
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,10/13/2011,16,15,,6,6>I went to The Marc for a quick lunch while I was attending a conference downtown.  I loved it so much I also went back the following day.The restaurant was packed both days but I managed to grab a seat at the bar.  I had the butternut squash soup and roast chicken salad.  The soup was delicious and reasonably priced at $6.  The roast chicken salad was probably the only disappointing meal I had there.  While there was a generous serving of goat cheese on the salad and it tasted great, it seemed slightly overpriced for how much it filled me up (I think $13).  The following day I had the pulled beef sandwich which delivered much more bang for its buck (also $13).  The sandwich tasted delicious and was so big I had the other half leftover for dinner.The service was friendly and fast.  I was in and out within 45 minutes - awesome for lunch!  On my way out the manager (maybe even the owner?) actually chased after me to thank me for coming in.  Overall a great restaurant for lunch that I will definitely be going back to - maybe for dinner next time.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2011,10/12/2011,89,141,5,15,4>Perhaps it's a bit silly, but if you own a BMW, you feel a little bit better that it's being serviced by an Austrian. :-) Frank and his wife provide old-fashioned customer service, in that they actually try (and manage) to remember your name even if you just had a fleeting meeting with them. They also are very thorough and accommodating.Perhaps because their reputation precedes them, it's a bit harder to get faster response time with inquiries as we'd normally want and expect, but when they finally have room to accommodate your vehicle, they're pretty swift and direct. Frank also takes time to explain why something had occurred, and points out some things to consider, too.Trust is a fleeting, tenuous feeling. You'd be hard-pressed to find another BMW specialist (and by that, I mean one that isn't a fly-by-night trainee, but one with decades of experience) that strives to earn it each time you pass by.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2011,10/11/2011,142,215,3,3,1>This is one of the only places I'll eat at in WEM, because it's one of the only foodcourt vendors that doesn't deep fry your lunch. They have a good variety of yummy sandwiches, meat and vegetarian, though I find their prices a dollar more or so than they should be. Coffee and desserts are nothing special, but a normal brownie is better than none at all! Go here for a healthy & delicious alternative to McDonald's!
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,10/10/2011,11,39,2,6,5>I first went here years ago, and since then I've been back many times. While it is fairly expensive, I've always thoroughly enjoyed my meal - it's worth every penny.Normand's serves a fair amount of local meat, but what really sets it apart are the more unusual meats, such as elk, bison, muskox, ostrich, etc. If you have visitors, this would certainly be a good place to take them for dinner - they'll be excited to try something new, or just to have some Alberta beef. If you're looking for a lighter meal, they do have some pastas etc that I'm sure would be great as well, but I can't say I've ever ordered one - the rest of their menu is just too appealing. Definitely one of my favorites!
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,10/9/2011,95,32,7,8,5>I know it seems like there is no fault to the businesses that I visit. Not true. More often than not I do my research before I visit a business. This time it is different.Checkers Pizza is one of those not-so-glamorous fast food joints opened late on Whyte ave. This one in particular is right beside where I live! Never visited it. Never had a desire. Never gave it a second glance -- that is until I married an Egyptian and he came to set up shop with me in Edmonton ;)Being Egyptian, and thus, but not always, Muslim means there are some dietary restrictions. YAY for me being a vegetarian. I am no longer the difficult, particular one!Within a 10 block radius I realized I live in quite the Arabic Mecca. No pun intended. The odd thing is I have lived in the same place for over 14 years!So, Checkers you ask, what is so special? Well they serve 100% halal food! Halal for Muslims is equivalent to Kosher for Jewish people. No pork product, fabulous meat product (usually local, fresh and properly prepared). AND, veggie selections! It is still fast food style: pizza (by the slice or whole), donair sandwiches, chicken wings, kebab wraps, and some baked pasta. Nothing is fried here. NO FRENCH FRIES OR DEEP FRY.Amazingly friendly service. Awesome location. Grand selection in pizzas. Great prices AND opened late! 7 days a week 12pm - 3am!Proud to support a local Halal Restaurant AND in my community! YAY Checkers! Check mate to you. FYI: Did you know that Chess (I know the Checkers and Check Mate reference is off :) is an Arab invention. Pretty cool!You should go!
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2011,10/8/2011,8,13,4,13,8>Be prepared for the meat sweats! If you love meat and the variety of it Alberta has to offer, this is the place for you!  Pampa is the first of its kind in Edmonton and will become a big hit for meat-lovers city-wide.The decor is modern and inviting with a wonderful feel to it.  The restaurant is open and inviting with a bar greeting you as you enter.  Underground parking (free) was a welcome surprise, especially considering the location.If you've never experienced a Brazilian-style steakhouse before, you're in for a treat.  The idea is simple, a centrally-located salad bar gets you primed for the meal.  It had a wonderful selection of cold items including salads, cheeses, carpaccio (excellent) and more.  I was particularly taken by the quinoa salad (very flavourful) and the interesting selection of cheeses.  One thing lacking - labels for each of the items at the salad bar.Now on to the star of the show!  Once you've visited the salad bar, you return to your table with your plate and the parade of meat begins.  Carvers armed with butcher knives and swords laden with meat begin to visit your table.  The selection is wonderful, from lamb to chicken thighs (wrapped in bacon), to chicken hearts (try them, they're surprisingly good), to a multitude of different cuts of beef; you'll eat yourself into a meat coma.As Oscar, the owner, explained to us later on, the meat is prepared with a minimum of fuss.  Often times it's only treated (in the case of some of the beef) with some coarse salt.  Each cut of meat is slowly roasted in a magnificent BBQ flown in from Brazil.  Charcoal, shipped from Argentina, provides the heat and the flavour for the meat.  I was struck by how wonderful it is to actually TASTE the meat.  Often times meat is prepared in such a way as to mask the flavour of the meat itself.  Not at Pampa; the meat is the star of the show and the chefs have hit the mark!  My personal favourite was the beef rib meat, followed closely by their signature flank roast.  The chicken was wonderful and juicy and the lamb was excellent.  I agree with the previous reviewer, the port tenderloin was slightly overcooked.After we'd stuffed ourselves with meat and salad, we decided on a dessert.  At our table of four, we tried 3 different desserts and not a bad comment among us.  I tried the passion fruit mousse and it was excellent.  Others had tapioca in a cabernet sauce (which I tried) and it was outstanding.Thought I should make a nod to the wine list as well.  The list was very respectable, with a nice range of low, medium and high-priced bottles.  Lots of emphasis on South American wines, which is nice to see.Overall, this was one of the best dinner experiences I've had in Edmonton in a while.  Our service was excellent, the food, top-notch and the surroundings extremely comfortable.  The evening was nicely topped of by Oscar (the owner) giving us an up-close look at the BBQ.  He is very proud of his restaurant and he should be.  After being open for less than a week, the joint was packed when we arrived and there was nothing but good comments from our table.In summary, if you love great meat, cooked in a way that lets the flavour of the meat shine, then this is a great choice.  A first in Edmonton and well-deserved of the hype it has received.  I've been to Brazil and eaten at a Brazilian steakhouse while in Rio.  I have to say, our experience at Pampa was on par, if not better than my experience in Brazil.  We'll be back!
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,10/7/2011,65,39,4,5,5>Want a great night spot without the clingy just-turned-18 crowd? Nothing against them, but occasionally you're going to want a nice place to mingle, talk, and still enjoy amazing music. The DJ really didn't let us down, and he kept a great mix of music to keep you moving in your seat.... or on the floor - hey, don't let us stop you! The lounge itself is fairly small, with the DJ located as soon as you walk in, seating lining the left and right walls and a simple walkway leading you straight to the bar at the back. When we went on Thursday night, there were drink specials on, and halfway through the evening, truffle popcorn was brought out for everyone to nibble on. The Common also has a fairly decent menu selection, but unfortunately that will have to wait for a follow up visit.The atmosphere was fantastic, the staff were great, and I will definitely be returning!
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2010,10/5/2011,58,8,5,7,2>Culina for dinner and, right next door, Bibo for wine afterwards is one of the best one-two punches for a date night in Edmonton. Bibo is actually part of the Culina family of restaurants and anyone familiar with Culina fare will appreciate Bibo's taste (both aesthetically and in terms of its selection of wines) and intimacy. I have only ever dealt with one person there, a blonde. I am remiss for not remembering her name because she's always very friendly and helpful. She always makes great recommendations, which I think is a relatively easy thing to do because their buyer does a great job at selecting their wines. And they always rotate in new wines so you never run "dry."Bibo is pretty small. I can't see it accommodating more than a dozen people comfortably, but it's cozier because of it. The bench seating ensures you're always meeting someone new, which could be good assuming your date isn't working out.
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,10/4/2011,96,96,,3,5>Such a cute little store, yet I could spend hours looking around. I stepped into Notables to get a quote on DYI invitations. This is where they cut and print everything and then you just have to put them together. Such a great idea when you don't need many invites, you want them to be individual and you don't have to pay a million dollars. From what I have seen they are at a really good price point compared to other places that make similar products. You do need an appointment to get a price quote, but it's really nice to sit down with the card maker and go through all your different options. There were things that I hadn't even considered, just little details, but they made the card. I have yet to go back and actually put in my order, but I will soon. I'll post an update as I work through the process, but so far so good!
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,10/3/2011,50,288,,7,5>The Carrot is a community arthouse/music venue/coffeeshop on Alberta Ave. They are volunteer run and sell the standard coffeeshop type of fair, as well as some lunch items. They have a stage and open mics on Saturday and Thursdays. When I came in this afternoon there was a performer singing, and a lady was painting. The Carrot also has a number of local artists wares for sale some jewellery, pottery, cards, even soap. I ordered a ginger spice cider, which tasted like apple cider - I wish there was a little more ginger zip to it. I also got a slice of lemon poppy seed cake which was pretty good. For the drink and cake it was $5.50 - which is a pretty reasonable price. While the food and drink are good they seem almost secondary to the space itself, and what's going on inside. Music, art, conversation - there's a really great, artistic vibe going on here. Apparently there is wifi here, but I didn't try it out because I didn't have my ipod with me. Still that's probably for the best. The Carrot is more of a place where you'd open a notebook and write something creative, rather than open your laptop and finish that business report. It's nice to know The Carrot is supporting the arts as well as being a good local establishment.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,10/2/2011,164,49,7,7,11>"There's nothing finer than Dukes DIner!"Years and dollars and memories have been left in this joint. During the University year, this is the local watering hole for the 1800 first and second year students living at Lister Hall next door. It's full of students playing exciting games with quarters and glasses of water, singing along to the jukebox, or the occasional impromptu dance party.During the summer the joint serves the best donairs and pizza in Edmonton. I have never had a bad dukes meal. The donair pizza is a ticking cardiovascular timebomb- packed with delicious spiced meat and way too much cheese- the way I love it.If you are a newbie and looking to branch away from the donair-- don't. The jumbo with cheese is a stable for undergraduate Friday and Saturday nights. If you aren't ready to take the plunge, the Donair SUB is also phenomenal. I'm sure there are salads and healthy options-- but who's looking for them? If you are at Dukes, go straight for the donair. If your worried about calories, order extra tomato and lettuce.The booths are full of memories and hilarious photos and art work. If you are ordering out, skip delivery and drive over to check the place out for yourself. I can taste the delicious sauces and think I might head over there now myself!
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,10/1/2011,56,221,,5,3>I love it when you just happen to stop into a place and just happen to order there food and BAM it turns out to be the greatest chinesefood you've ebver had. There is no dining, so stricctly take out. The food is so good order..mm..maybe 30 x now from there and have not had an issue. Even when you spend over $25 they throw in eother dry ribs or wonton noodles. The portions are large and like I mentioned tastes really good. The ginger beef isnt too dry or too soft juuuust right. Its good try it.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,9/30/2011,40,145,,4,3>For all computer and nerd related needs, go to Memory Express.Their prices are very competitive and I've actually used them (NCIX and Newegg as well) for price matching against Best Buy and Futureshop.Even if you're one of those newbies when it comes to computers and actually care about where your money goes to when you're looking for anything computer related, the staff there are pretty helpful to point you in the right direction and even give you good recommendations: why I should pay an extra $5 dollars to get twice the harddrive space and I wouldn't need the full benefits of a Caviar Black line of harddrives.Highly recommended if you need upgrade parts or memory sticks and even recordable media.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,9/29/2011,15,30,,4,4>I've now come here 4 times and the biggest draw for me is the beer selection.  All craft brews from all over including the 2 local breweries (Alley, Amber's)The food is excellent and definitely not your typical lazy pub grub.  I highly recommend trying some of the items they "stole" from OPM.They have lots of flat screens all over and there really isn't a bad seat in the place to watch the game.The only downfall is due to the brick walls and low ceiling, it must be the loudest place in Edmonton.  Definately don't go if your looking to have a conversation.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2011,9/28/2011,34,76,17,9,3>I've had a membership at the Kinsmen Center for about a year and a half and I love it. I only go during off hours, and never during the peak after work hours so I can't speak to how busy it is then. When I am there there is no waiting for machines, and you don't have to scour the change-room for an open locker. The gym has a nice selection of machines and free weights, and the pools are fantastic. I think the badminton courts are the best in the city by a lot, and the tennis courts are great too. The Kinsmen Center is not without flaws however. There are treadmills in only 1 location, and a few have seen better days. The same few get used all the time while a few others are always vacant. Putting a few good ones in open spots around the upper track would be nice for people wanting a little more seclusion. There is no hot tub. There is however a teach pool that is warmer than the regular pool, but I'm not sure if it's designed that way, or it's warmer because all the little kids are peeing in there. Change-room: A lot of the 26 shower heads seem to have the same issue of spraying out in all directions and have little pressure. I find I use the same 2 or 3 every time, and it seems most use the same ones. Of course, if I never again see old men with one foot up on the bench, their flabby junk flopping around, chatting with one another instead of putting on some underwear it would still be too soon. Good luck fixing that one Kinsmen Centre!
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,9/27/2011,46,142,3,4,5>We've been there for lunch and a quick pre-show meal. Good service and good food both times.The falafel pita was excellent. Large falafel with just the right amount of sauce.  They were fried perfectly, and the texture was light and crumbly. I love a good falafel.Sandwiches do not come with sides, but they are large.  If you need a pickle or fries to complete your meal it will be pricier than you will find elsewhere, but the quality is excellent.For our second visit we stuck with wine plus a few appetizers to share.  The grilled radicchio, prosciutto & bocconcini rolls were complemented nicely with a smoky balsamic.  The grilled veggie crostini were good, but not particularly amazing.  The trio of dips comes with grilled flatbread.  Looking back, it was a night on the grill.  The dips were hummus (good, not too garlicky), tabouli (perfect and tasting like spring), and an odd BBQ-sauce tasting red dip (not a fan).Great funky ambiance in this converted space.  I love the multiple-levels and bold colours.I'll be back, and wish they we open on Sundays (the duchess is a good alternative).
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,9/26/2011,36,8,,5,4>I am a busy person, who enjoys healthy food that tastes like food. I am not often able to go to farmers markets and the organic box has given me  ability to eat both locally (as much as they can) as well and organically. The service they offer is great, the quality of food is amazing. The online aspect makes the purchasing and planning of meals both easy and creative. I especially enjoy how they encourage to try new and different fruits and vegetables. They are continually adding new items to their portfolio and are now caring bread, grains, chocolate and COFFEE. I do hope they have meat down the road. I highly recommend and have been using them for almost a year now.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,9/25/2011,509,247,2,2,3>CLOSED;I like Moshi Moshi. Not too fancy of a restaurant but more of a cafe style place. The food was awesome though. We ordered the calamari (average), onion cakes (average), dragon rolls (huge, many and totally delicious), moshi moshi rolls (OK but would not get them again), salmon skin cones (awesome), salmon roe sushi (OK but salty), octopus sushi (awesome) and 12 piece plate of salmon and tuna sashami (biggest pieces ever). Of course some Saki and a Sapporo beer to wash it all down. Awesome meal but we definitely over ordered as the plates and portions are a lot for 2 people. I would suggest 4 people if you want to try a larger selection of dishes at Moshi Moshi as the rolls are huge and many. We could not finish everything. We will try Moshi Moshi again sometime and I look forwards to trying their Filipino portion of the menu as well. Enjoyed our time here with friendly service and a relaxed atmosphere.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,9/24/2011,85,580,1,8,4>A quaint little Thai restaurant that probably, I'm guessing, doesn't get much attention due to location. And boy, is that unfortunate, because this place is great!Our food came out in a matter of no time, one of the quickest wait-times I've seen actually. I don't think we had to wait longer than 5-7 minutes for our order. Why can't it be like this everywhere you go?The green curry tofu is delicious, with lots of bamboo shoots, carrots, green peppers, and tofu balls. Piled on top of your coconut rice, it's simply divine. It's not too spicy, but a nice spice that builds up in your mouth the more you eat, with a full and deep flavor. Great vegetarian option if you're not into meat!Also highly recommended is the garlic chicken served with a bowl of hot sauce on the side. It's got lots of toasted garlic on it, so full of flavor and kick!We finished off with the black sticky rice and fresh mango, sooo good ... The mango was just as a mango should be -- sweet and juicy! The sticky rice was okay, I liked the sweetness but some of it was oddly hard and crunchy, and I prefer my sticky rice to be chewy and gooey. But still good! The condensed milk they serve on the side makes everything really sweet, so if you don't like things too sweet, skip the milk. It tastes fine just the way it is sans milk.Besides the food, VERY fast and friendly service, and a beautifully decorated, cozy dining space. And FYI, parking is in the back.Will definitely be back for more!
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,9/23/2011,187,341,6,12,6>Fluid is one of my favourite clubs in the city for a night out dancing. The DJ straight up plays the best hip hop, rap, dancehall and reggae on Friday and Saturday nights. No Top 40, no mash-ups or lame remixes. Great stuff for the 25+ crowd for sure. Speaking of the crowd, the people that go to this club have to be some of the best looking people in the city. Get your dancing shoes on and dress to impress. The dance floor is very small and the place doesn't really start to fill up until 11pm or midnight. Once it does, the dance floor is packed for the rest of the night. Prepare to get hot and sweaty with a bunch of sexy strangers dancing around you! I usually go early to avoid paying cover and to be able to have a drink or two before the dancing gets started. Drink prices are standard and staff are decent. The bouncers actually aren't jerks, so that's always a bonus.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,9/22/2011,50,158,3,5,3>While I like to eat healthy, I'm 100% omnivore and could never give up meat.  Not that I need meat at every meal, but I wouldn't give up all the wonderful roasted, braised, grilled, broiled and barbecued joints, flanks, loins, ribs and butts.  Similarly, there is nothing better than grilled asparagus or crisp Asian slaw, a well made Ratatouille.  Only eating meat or only eating veggies doesn't make sense to me.  I was taught to eat with British table manners, so you mash a little starch and veg on the back of your fork after spearing some meat - every mouthful was a blend of the food groups.The wonder of Cafe Mosaics is the it doesn't matter, there.  The food is simply terrific.  Sure, their menu is all vegan or vegetarian (not the same thing at all), all that matters is that it's all good.  It doesn't matter that there's no meat involved. No one's thinking, "I wonder how they'll simulate the meat?".  It's all, "How is this so delicious?".  Dishes are inspired from all over the globe: Mexico, Asia, Mediterranean, plus their own take on staples like the clubhouse, burger or grilled cheese.  Service is fast, friendly and knowledgeable.  They don't look down on you as a "meat criminal".  Décor is sleek modern urban with a small intimate room.  Great place to take your new veggie girl on the first date. Kitchen is efficient and pretty quick.I ended up there because I ate this giant burger yesterday, and felt like I was slipping into a meat coma all day long, so I stopped in to have the Veggie Pho to rebalance my humours.  It's sort of my version of going on a purge.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,9/21/2011,32,58,4,8,2>Edmonton has a number of cupcake stores, but Flirt will always be my number 1. I am NOT a fan of very sweet cakes, or too much icing, and Flirt has exactly what I like - a nice, fluffy, fresh, cupcake, without gobs of sweet icing. Minis, full-sized, it doesn't matter to me, but I definitely have my favorites - Fury (on white or chocolate, with a peppermint icing), the Heartbreaker (I think it's cream cheese icing, on red velvet cake), and a couple of others (the names escape me right now).As others have mentioned, the longer you wait in the day, the less selection you have. That can be a bit annoying if you arrive at the end of the day, on the other hand, you know what you're buying is actually baked fresh (I won't name names, but I know of another store that FREEZES their cupcakes - they don't bake fresh daily! No thank you!). I'll usually pick up a 6-pack of regulars, or a 12-pack in the minis, and....umm....I've been known to eat a 12-pack of the minis in one sitting (it was once, and I couldn't help myself, they were just soooooo good, and no one else was around).My name is Gord, and I am addicted to Flirt Cupcakes.
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,9/20/2011,49,256,1,11,4>Absolutely fantastic. I wandered in here after a friend of mine got a coupon from a course she took at the university. I was highly impressed, both by the atmosphere and by the quality of the products they sold.The atmosphere is very welcoming, and above all else you get the vibe that the staff just want you to be well informed. They're extremely friendly and helpful in helping you find what you want (they even talked me out of buying a $50 toy in favor of a $20 one because it seemed to be more what I was after.) The store is very clean and professional looking -- you definitely don't get that grimy feeling that you do in some adult toy stores. They also have a fairly good selection of books and other informational material, and have no issues with you sitting down in their comfy couch and reading through things. They offer many workshops, even workshops on things like how to use/tie rope (which is VERY good for people wanting an introduction to this sort of thing, especially if they have safety concerns.) I have not been to a workshop yet, but would definitely attend one.I was so impressed with the knowledge and attitude the staff had that I went ahead and threw a sex toy party (for those of you who don't know what it is, it's just like a Tupperware party, but maybe don't bring the kids.) The party was fantastic, and extremely informative (I am usually pretty well-researched, but I learned a LOT of things at the party!) There was a huge emphasis on both fun and safety, which is ideal and can be hard to pull off.If you're looking for a toy, information, or a little instruction, The Tickle Trunk is definitely the place to go. I would recommend to anyone who is looking for a new toy to do research on suitable materials (there's a lot of scary stuff in some of the toys sold elsewhere that you definitely do NOT want to be putting you-know-where), and The Tickle Trunk makes that research easy.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,9/19/2011,7,23,2,3,2>I think I've just found my newest addiction..... and it's name is Milk Cap Tea. It's a combination of a sweet and salty party in my mouth.There is three ways to drink it and each way makes it taste totally different1) drink the tea and foam at the same time (which is what the person who made the drink told me to do)2) drink the tea first and have the foam at the end3) stir both togetherI was told that the cap tea is the new bubble tea in Asia. They will now drink this instead.I've decided it's now my duty to spread the word on this delicious new drink!
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2011,9/18/2011,9,24,,7,3>This is definitely in the top 3 pizza places in Edmonton for me, and it's easily the most creative, inventive, and unique.Situated on 66th street, unless you have heard of New Way, you might not know where it is. A small strip mall location probably works against it, but seems to do good business.There are many different types of pizza available, but they come with interesting names like Bite Me and Nacho Men.  Their website offers descriptions of all the options.  They also have incredible deals, and these specialty pizza's that often have more than 4 toppings, are included in the deals.All the pizza is made with whole wheat dough and low fat mozzarella cheese.  You don't finish a meal here feeling tired and sluggish, because there is very very little grease.The people who work here are also extremely friendly. Give this place a shot if you're in the area.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,9/17/2011,67,269,,9,6>I think Sequel (CASH ONLY!) is now at the top of my list for downtown lunch destinations. It is located in the building kitty-corner to Churchill Square, with just a little sign out front on the sidewalk to let you know it's there. There's a couple stairs up, into a neat little space overlooking 102 ave. It'll be great for people watching in the summer. I've stopped by a couple times now, and it's not too busy, even right at lunch time. It seems like a reasonable place to go alone too. I spent some time working on my laptop after lunch one day, and the staff were good about keeping my coffee cup filled. The food here is good and fast, and they do take-out as well. Everything I've eaten here has been good, and while not super cheap, I felt I was getting good value for my money. And their carrot ginger soup rocked my world. I could eat that every day. Plus the staff are super friendly. This place seems like it will please both foodies and picky eaters alike.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,9/16/2011,158,543,,5,4>Where Faeries Live is an excellent Wiccan/Pagan store in Edmonton, Alberta.  They carry a wide array of items varying from traditional handmade items to commercially available items.  They have extremely helpful staff that create an inviting atmosphere.  They have even special ordered items for me in the past!  It's a definite must see if you are in the Edmonton area!  And when the local chapter of the Congregationalist Wiccan Association of Alberta needed a place to host circles... Where Faeries Lives was a warm and inviting place until the group got too big!  I've also attended other community events in their group space - thanks for having this available!They also have tons of information about local gatherings for Wiccans and pagans!
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,9/15/2011,220,814,3,6,5>I stopped in here the other night for a glass of wine after a very busy day. Lately, I have been trying to expand my wine palette, and have developed and affinity for Malbec. The glass of Malbec, from Argentina, I tried here almost blew my tastebuds away. It was definitely the richest, boldest one I have had yet. Needless to say, the wine selection here is impressive and the perfect place for a wine virgin to go. D'lish offers 2 ounce sizes to allow someone to experiment with a variety of wines on the same visit. They also offer food and wine pairings, and a menu that features local food presented in original and creative ways. D'lish is a classy place to bring a date, hang out, or just drop by yourself. I look forward to coming back and trying some of the food.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2010,9/14/2011,95,180,,3,4>I was in the neighborhood this morning and finally had a chance to step into the Wild Earth Bakery under the pretext of satiating my morning caffeine craving. But once I laid eyes on the cooler filled with delicate tarts and cakes, I knew I'd be leaving with more than just a small dark roast with cream and honey. Cinnamon buns, scones, and muffins vied for attention in baskets on the counter, but I went for the almond croissant and was transported to instant heaven. It was that rare perfect combo of moist and flaky (meaning the layers peeled off beautifully - is there a word for that?), with a light sugary glaze on top to secure the sliced almonds in place. I followed this pure delight up with an even tastier treat - a tart. Pumpkin caught my eye, but creme brulee couldn't be passed up. My first contact with my favourite dessert in tart form was as dreamy as could be imagined - the thick pastry shell was almost creamy, and it was moderately filled with an even creamier custard-style concoction, requisitely charred slightly on top. Had I any inkling that Wild Earth Bakery was such an absolute delight I would've been frequenting it long ago. As it stands, I'll be back to claim that pumpkin tart shortly.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,9/13/2011,3,29,2,8,5>This is a hidden gem. If you love baked goods this is the right place to go! They are very friendly and have quite a selection of Mexican goodies. They not only have pastries and bread, but also Mexican drinks like Jarritos and Sangria. Sometimes you also get soup or empanadas.  I especially love the tuna stuff with filo dough (forgot the name!). You can heat them up and they`re delicious! :-) Definitely worth a try!
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2010,9/12/2011,78,111,2,5,2>Went here on Saturday night and had a great time! There were eight of us and we just dropped in without reservations, yet they were happy to take us and provided great service! The restaurant is a unpretentious little place: It's merely a doorway from outside, but is a tiny, clean space reminiscent of a independent family restaurant or dining room from the 1990's or so. It's incredibly relaxing and the tables are well spread out and the music low so you can enjoy a good conversation with your dining companions.I tried out the Bul Go Gi at a recommendation of a friend (beef with vegetables) and it was DELICIOUS. The veggies still had a bit of bite, the beef melted on the tongue, the flavours were wonderful, and there was plenty of fluffy rice, kimchi and bean sprouts on the side to compliment the meal.  In fact, there was so much of everything, I managed another full meal out of my left overs! My friends tried the ribs, one of the hot pots, and a vegetarian dish and everyone said their food was amazing. The great part was the bill: I got two full dinners for only $12! This is definitely somewhere I will head back to!
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2011,9/11/2011,292,404,,8,5>The Arbour is an excellent tea room located at the Rutherford House.  With a decent sized menu, including a list of affordable high tea options, the Arbour is a great option for a relaxing high tea on a weekend afternoon.  The staff seem to really enjoy their job - beyond belief, to be honest.  It's as if they were hopped up on serotonin.  Our main server started off our morning meal with a brief introduction of the room we were sitting in.  Since we were a slightly larger group (there were 6 of us), they had held a table for us in a corner area which was quiet and really separated from the main veranda.  He then went on to explain the history of the house, including memorial events in Alexander Rutherford's life.  Even the other servers were very happy to serve us tea, top it off and bring our sandwiches and scones.Now, the English high tea was really something.  I haven't had the experience of sitting through an entire high tea.  In fact, I've only once before had tea with scones! (excluding Starbucksish experiences).  The first course was a sampling of small sandwiches.  The egg salad on a dense pumpernickel bread slice garnished with chives and paprika was really my favorite small sandwich.  I was a tad disappointed with the cucumber sandwich.  It was a unique preparation for sure, with a small slice of French-like baguette bread with some dill cream cheese to hold a slice of cucumber on top of it and an additional dollop of dill cream cheese pipped on top.  However, I was hoping for a more traditional sandwich.  I must add that everything was really very tasty.  Even the cucumber sandwich was very tasty.I went with the Mrs. Rutherford's high tea which includes a pot of tea, sandwiches to start; scones and other treats served with Devonshire cream and Raspberry butter to end.  It doesn't sound like a lot, but trust me eating slowly for two hours and sipping tea in the process, still filled me up real good.  I would like to go back and take some of their smaller high tea options.  This was a complete meal as opposed to an in-betweener, which is traditionally the case.All in all, a very romantic setting in an old and famous house.  It's worth mentioning that they've got guided tours as well, but I didn't take them because I had to be elsewhere.  Also, they have a wonderful little gift shop that has cute things like "purse size" hand cream, perfume and awesome, really awesome smelling soap bars - the way it's done in the Old Country (not that I'm English or something).Definitely a suggestion for anyone looking for a quiet afternoon.  Especially good to come here on weekdays because I don't think they are so crowded.  While most people work on weekdays, there might some Edmontonians who'd be able to make use of a Wednesday afternoon here.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,9/10/2011,73,717,4,3,4>I just took a beautiful Yoga for Strength class at Prana with Jaya. It was awesome - infused with challenging arm & leg balances & warrior sequences and core work - all guided by a wise, warm woman who has an eloquent way with words.Prana studio, if you've never been, is one of the best studios in the city. Owner Leala Enfield is a long-time practitioner who trained in Maui and in India. She is a genuinely inspired, creative and kind-hearted spirit, and it shows in the space she has created, nurtured and expanded over the last few years. Absolutely zen and conducive to practice and peace.Plus the blankets for savasana (final relaxation) are the best! Can't help but drift off under its' warm, heavy cottony comfort.Well, now that I've got my Om on,  I'm just about ready for anything, and it's even Saturday night - woohoo!
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,9/9/2011,155,209,3,7,3>I eat a lot of sushi.  A lot.  I am in love with salmon sashimi in particular and crave it to an unhealthy extent.  I am borderline obsessive about it.  Couple that with a really strong sense of smell and an even more delicate palate, and freshness becomes a MUST.  This is one of the reasons I think Furusato has the BEST sushi in Edmonton.  It is always fresh and flawless.  The prices are decent as well and the portions are very generous.  The service is always quick and friendly as well.  There is often a wait at the door as this place is popular.  Reservations are a must if you are eating in a hurry.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,9/8/2011,30,60,,4,2>I just went pistol shooting for the first time today, and it was a great experience. I'm a terrible shot, but I can't wait to go back and sharpen my skills.The front-end staff were a little bit slack, ignoring me and my friend when we first walked in, but I was on vacation so I didn't mind. Once we got our waivers signed, picked our guns (I went with a 9mm, since I've never fired a handgun before) and targets (zombies!) we headed to the range.Even with ear defenders on, handguns are loud! Especially in the enclosed space of a firing range. I'll admit to being a bit startled by the noise until I was on the line firing my own weapon.In the actual firing range area, the range master went over the safety rules and how to properly use the guns. I found that it was kind of a pain in the ass to load the clip at first, but I quickly got the hang of it and was soon loading my clips almost as fast as I was unloading them.The adrenaline rush of firing a handgun is pretty awesome. I've never really understood why anyone would do target shooting as a hobby, but I totally get it now. While it's kind of a pricey hobby -- bullets aren't cheap -- I will definitely go shooting again.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,9/7/2011,65,170,3,7,5>The tone is set when you first walk in to Vi's for Pies:  you only think you're coming for dinner, but Vi's makes it clear from the get-go that dessert is the main attraction here.  Upon entering the restaurant, you are greeted by an enormous glass counter filled with the most amazingly decadent-looking desserts.  Some cakes, some bars, but mostly, you guessed it, pies.  If you have to wait for your table, which is often the case at dinner time, you get to examine your options and make a plan for your evening.Vi's offers up delicious comfort food:  the chalkboard menu telling of pot-pie, lasagna, quiche, and mac & cheese reminded me of the one my aunt kept in her kitchen telling all of the weekly meal-plan.  I especially like their mac & cheese and their veggie lasagna.  My partner even tells me that the lasagna is better than mine, which says a lot since he would only be so brave if it were really stellar (it is!).  My favourite entree, though, would have to be the quiche.  How on earth do they get their eggs so light and fluffy...in a quiche?But the real reason to go to Vi's is not for dinner.  So, let me tell you about the dessert.  This past weekend, my partner ordered the black forest cake.  It was good.  But anytime anyone in my party orders a slice of cake, I think it's good, whereas, I always think the pies are spectacular.  The black forest cake was great; it just wasn't pie, and it suffered by comparison.  Our friend Greg ordered the pumpkin pie.  He's kind of a food snob, but he said it was the best pumpkin pie he's ever had.  I tasted it, and thought it was wonderful - not too heavy, and the right balance of spices.  But I was the lucky one who happened to snag the very last piece of coconut cream pie.  Oh my, is that a good pie!  So creamy, so rich.  I have nicknamed the pie, "Paradise Pie" since it surely is a slice of paradise.I am just glad that Vi's for Pies is not in my neighbourhood.  How I would balloon if this restaurant were within walking distance of my place.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2009,9/5/2011,37,420,3,3,5>Tin Box is one of my favorite stores ever! I wish I knew its owner, so that I could come up to him or her and shake their hand!Tin Box is the first thing that comes to my mind when I need to go shopping for home accessories. What haven't I bought at Tin Box? The answer is "Nothing". All my picture frames, place mats, bathroom and kitchen accessories are from this amazing store. There are two Tin Box locations- one on White Avenue and one on 124 street shopping block. Both are good, but personally I find that the 124th street location is less often sold out of the items I am looking for, so naturally I go to this location more often. Every time I shop at Tin Box, I feel like a kid in a candy shop: I want, I need, I gotta have everything! They sell quality items which look rather high-end. The wine racks are fantastic, the serving bowls are chic, the picture frames are to die for, the wall clocks are funky and unique. All of these wonderful attributes come with the hefty price tag, of course. But if you buy a good quality item, it will last you a long time. And your home will be pretty:) Tin Box on 124th street is a two-storied one. The basement level houses all the home accessories, while the first floor is predominated by soaps, candles and, surprisingly, jewellery. I have a friend who buys most of her jewellery here, and she gets lots of compliments on its uniqueness. I might look into buying something for myself next time.P.S. The customer service is always great.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2010,9/4/2011,5,242,2,8,2>Tropika serves some of the most fantastic Malaysian cuisine in Edmonton, although technically there is also a mix of other south east asian cuisine in there as well. I am really happy that they opened a west side location as it is much closer to my house. If you have been to the south side location, the atmosphere here is a little different. There are very few southeast Asian pictures along the walls, but instead there are a lot of windows making the places very bright. They have a lot of similar furniture and plates here, but the fancy peacock chairs are missing.Anyways, the food here is INCREDIBLE. I can recommend just about everything. They have a wide range of dishes organized according to vegetables, meats, and seafood categories. They have some pictures usually on the same page, although it would be nicer if they could display everything. I would recommend their stayas (your choice of chicken, beef or lamb), Hainanese chicken (some of the best in town), and pineapple fried rice (served in an actual pineapple). The service here is great too, and even with a large group order, I found most of their items were brought out in a reasonable time.This restaurant does not look like anything flashy on the outside, but trust me it is well worth your time to come here and treat your tastebuds!
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,9/2/2011,36,173,,12,5>Seems the majority of peeps reviewing this place thinks it's just AMAZING!!! Well they are absolutely right!! When compared to the old SPCA location on Yellowhead - well there really is no comparison! I spend as much time here as I possible can - which is not enough. Although I am not in a position in my life to take on another rescue at this point (I have two cats and one turtle), just spending time with the animals is fulfilling and brightens my day exponentially! I absolutely adore the idea of the come and go style where you can visit any one of the numerous `cat rooms`and sit down with about 5-10 cats (depending on the size of the room) at any time - and just soak it all in!!! To me, that's heaven - only thing better would be if I could take them ALL home with me!!! Same idea with the dogs...they each have their own room (some with access to an outside pen) with their info chart posted at the door. They keep the more high energy dogs locked to stop smaller children from walking in and possibly getting injured, but any staff member can let you in for a visit. Their adoption process is slightly lengthy and they make sure 100% to work with adopters to make sure that the animal is a good fit for their family (I believe you even have to bring any pets you already have with you on adoption day to meet the animal). This is CRUCIAL!!!!! I really wish ANYONE thinking of bringing an animal into their life would have to go through this process! Given the number of unwanted, abandoned pets in our city, I feel very strongly that adoption is the ONLY responsible way to bring a pet into your life right now! I like to support their pet store as well as you know the funds are going to a good place - selection is limited but good quality! Prices are comparable with any other pet store but a percentage of the funds goes right back into EHS programs!! If you are a pet lover (cats in particular have a high need for good homes) I beg you to visit EHS! Even if you're one of those `funny` I cant love an animal unless its a puppy/kitten kind of people - First, they have countless kittens (for a higher adoption fee), and puppies on occasion - Second, I challenge you to go there and NOT fall in love with an animal there if you are a legitimate animal lover!
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,9/1/2011,14,25,3,4,7>Oh Filthy's, your pint night Wednesdays shall surely be the death of me! Who can resist $2.75 pints of beer? Obviously not this girl according to my previous hangover...By far one of my favorite bars in the city, I always have a good time here. They seriously play the best music, at least in my opinion anyways. I am quite sad that punk rock bingo seems to have vanished and that the bathrooms keep getting filthier,(Maybe that's how they got their name? Hmm), but the staff are great and so are the regulars that haunt this dingy hole. They have AMAZING shows here! Sometimes if you are lucky enough to catch them they can be free if you show up on the right night. It can get busy but that is not a big deal as the line goes fast, or get there early enough and avoid the awkwardness of not having a table to sit at. The food is quite tasty as well and the menu has a pretty decent selection as are the beers on tap. I love people watching here as it gets quite the assortment of hipsters, posers, metalheads and all the in between.Check this place out if you think you can handle it.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2011,8/31/2011,11,4,3,3,4>Cozy! This is a place for a rainy day. It's the Mac-n-Cheese ($13) that keeps me coming back to this eclectic little diner. A mish-mash of rescued furniture keeps everyone sitting snug and the brick walls and warm lighting make for a cozy atmosphere. Because it's the coziness I like, I'd recommend this place for a date or small group capped at 5. My date tonight (yes, I'm writing AT the diner while ON a hot  date) ordered the Mediterranean Pan Seared Salmon ($15) but plans to eat most of my macaroni... Good thing it comes out large enough to share!  A decent wine menu, average prices, and an eclectic menu including vegan, vegetarian, and gluten free selections should keep most diners happy so long as they don't mind sub-par washrooms!Noted on the Menu:For Veggies: Veggie Korma ($15)For Gluten-Free Friends: Baked Tandoori Chicken ($16.50)For Vegans: Ginger & Orange Stirfry w/ Tofu ($14)
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,8/30/2011,28,41,2,4,3>In my last 4-star review of The Loft, I mentioned that "Recently adding table service and a complete menu, this breakfast/lunch place is working out the organizational kinks and ought to be in 5-star territory in no time". Well as far as I am concerned they are there!Sandyview Farms processes all their meats in-house, than they are free of wheat-based fillers, which makes them inherently celiac friendly. Because their products are fresh, largely locally sourced and free of a lot of preservatives; the flavor of the food is incredible! Some of my favorites include the frittatas, the Benedict Omelette, and the Bacon & Swiss Waffle. Their Loft Burger includes a huge mouth-watering patty stuffed with onions and other goodness.They truly make the best bacon in the world and don't skimp on their portions. My #1 place to pig out on breakfast, but don't everyone go at once, there is already a lineup on Saturday mornings and I don't want to have to wait any longer to get a table!
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,8/29/2011,2,8,2,5,2>I love the Mandolin Cafe! It is a charming little coffee shop with excellent coffee from Catfish Roasters. They also have a great selection of snacks. My husband LOVES their sausage rolls. I am addicted to the ginger cookies.  Combine this with a selection of quality used books and it makes for a great little afternoon break! or swing by for one of the open mike nights featuring a local musician. Skip the big chains come to the Mandolin Cafe.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2011,8/28/2011,20,21,3,4,4>I love going out to the theater and nothing beats improv!Last night 15 of us went to check out chimprov, hoping to get a glimpse of Nathan Fillion but were sadly an evening too late. We have gone to chimprov and theatersports on multiple occasions at Varscona theater. It's a great location, just off of Whyte and the theater is quite nice. Tickets are only $12 (which is a steal!!!). There is a concession with licorice, chocolate bars, and alcohol! You can get a Steam Whistle for $6 and I got my wine for $4. Which would have been a great deal if my boyfriend hadn't spilled my entire cup of wine on my lap during the second act. =(Anyways, the actors are always brilliant, quick witted, and very funny! It's great to be in the audience and be involved. They often ask for ideas from the audience to construct their scene. However, last night the beginning started as a debate, trying to decide who was better: Lil' Wayne or Dr. Suess. This was really a funny sketch but it had no audience involvement, and was scripted. That was slightly disappointing. Chimprov is a really fun night out, but I think I prefer Theatersports which is more fast-paced and brings more involvement from the audience.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2010,8/27/2011,31,99,,4,5>Phobulous is my favorite place for vietnamese food! In addition to the food being tasty, fresh and quick - the restaurant is very modern and clean looking, but not intimidating. You can't always find those two things together in a great restaurant!The restaurant itself is very small - you might be hard pressed to find a table for more than 4 during dinner time. The servers are friendly and very accomodating - they get busy sometimes but you never really feel ignored or forgotten. The woman in the kitchen (who I think may be an owner) is hilarious and you get a really good sense that she cares about what she puts out and wants to make sure everything is 100% right. I find the portions to be quite large (honestly, how much soup can one person eat? The bowls are more like basins to me) and I love the aromas that come wafting up immediately - so good and so comforting! Not to mention, relatively healthy ;) Well, most of it. The menu is a good size and they offer various soups, vermicellis and rice dishes.Whether you're a corporate nine to fiver looking for a quick lunch or a university student wanting a warm, delicious meal - Phobulous will please a newbie or a veteran to the cuisine.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,8/26/2011,53,82,,5,4>Remedy has got easily the best Chai Latte in Edmonton, hands-down. A great atmosphere here with plenty of seating for groups of all sizes, this is a great place to come with a whole pile of friends, or your laptop to get some work done.They have a terrific selection of indian food. I haven't tried a ton of it, but I remember really enjoying a veggie samosa.But seriously, if you do nothing else, try the Chai. Authentic and delicious, one of the gems of Edmonton
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,8/25/2011,20,40,2,3,2>To market, to market to buy a fat pig;Home again, home again, jiggety-jig.This would be my almost every Saturday morning during the St. Albert Outdoor Farmers Market season. The market is incredible, the diversity of the vendors and best of all it is in beautiful downtown St. Albert.The market is on St. Anne and St. Thomas streets, the horn sounds at 10 am Saturday mornings and the vendors start distributing their goods. The crowds are always large and the vendors usually sell out early (some are sold out as early as noon), quite often by two o'clock very few vendors have any product left.Are you looking for that unique gift, well you will probably find it here amongst the hundred of vendors on site. But never fear there are plenty of every type of vendor you could think of from produce, baked goods, ethnic foods, stained glass, and considerable number of gluten free vendors. Most important to me is the cupcake lady! :)Come early so as not to be disappointed. There are ATM's on site and if you can't find parking, head over to the St. Albert Centre parking lot and they have a free park 'n ride shuttle to and from the market.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2011,8/24/2011,27,123,1,4,4>I don't go for the music, which is live and they have regularly.  I go for the beer.They like interesting beers and have plenty available, I like beer and drink plenty.  So it is a good match.  The atmosphere is a little on the run-down bar side, but a good vibe and many regular clientel make this a fun place to hang out.In fact I am going again tonight.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,8/23/2011,19,76,4,3,4>I pick sweet over savory any day, so I always have to mentally prepare myself when I walk into this store and either give myself a budget or item limit. Lately I have been limiting my sugar intake and so have been searching for some yummy NSA (no sugar added) treats. These are mainly geared towards diabetics and you can find some in supermarkets but the selection is terrible and in general they are hard candies. To my delight Carol's Sweets has a whole wall dedicated to NSA treats including many gummy candies, chocolates, and soft caramels.I basically purchased some of everything so I could try it all - and now I don't know what I am going to do next time I go because it is ALL delicious!! What a terrible problem.I am very impressed with the selection of sweets in general but think the NSA selection is exceptional (best I have seen in Edmonton so far). I love Carol's Sweets and will be back for sure!
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,8/22/2011,26,15,3,4,3>Louisiana Purchace is a really cute little restaurant with lots of really cute waitresses.  It's fancy with a casual feel and the food and drinks are well priced too.The daily specials are usually fresh fish with salad or something fun that the cooks think up (the cajun mac and cheese is the best!) The scallops, and beer battered shrimp are excellent starters and the entree portions are huge.  Don't worry though, you can get most main dishes in half orders (which I find perfect)  or in combos so you can try two dishes at once!Make a reservation for Friday and Saturday nights, they do fill up most weekends.  The patio is also really nice in the summer too.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2010,8/21/2011,21,7,4,6,3>Not only is the store located in the heart of Jasper Avenue, it's selection is incomparable and the moment you step in those doors -- "Toto, I don't think we are in Kansas anymore."This big-city book store has a small-town feel and plenty of good food surrounding it to boot. Accessing various book genres is easy and the staff have endless suggestions with no time limit on assistance.Two years back, I found one of only a select complete works of George Orwell hard-copies in this store -- it's a very difficult book to find.Not only do they sell diverse books, anyone can stroll on down there and pick up a copy of the New York Times Newspaper. Looking for an afternoon to fill? Head down to Audrey's, pick out a few good reads and take yourself out for near-by lunch. The Druid is located on 116st and Jasper, and sushi restaurants like Mikado are around the corner.Take my word for it -- the store is awesome and for book worms, an afternoon to yourself with new books in tow on Jasper Avenue is always a good time.Two thumbs up.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2011,8/20/2011,31,124,,4,3>I love Matahari - this is one of our "go-to" restaurants in town.The staff are always pleasant and attentive and the food is tasty.The spring rolls are among the best I have ever had (the yam version is also quite good), and the coconut soup is light and very flavourful.I have tried just about everything on the men, and have yet to be disappointed, but the dish that I crave is the Babi Kecap - a pork dish with a sweet soy sauce and rice.  The pork is so tender that it falls apart, and the sauce is neither sickly sweet, or crazy salty, but a nice combination of the two. It is also served with a couple of slices of carrot, a couple of stalks of broccoli and the same of cauliflower.  The veg is boiled and bland and doesn't really add anything to dish, except to give you the satisfaction of telling your Mom that you ate your veggies.The interior of the restaurant is also nicely decorated and Matahari can serve as both a great place to meet up with friends (there are even private rooms available for groups), or a romantic dinner for two.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,8/19/2011,45,119,11,8,3>I want to preface this review by saying I have zero tolerance for spicy food... standard hot wings from a pub are usually too much for me... it's pretty pathetic actually. And when I eat spicy food, I get hot and sweaty and generally unpleasant. With that out of the way, I'll get to my experience. The restaurant is very bright, vibrant and welcoming. I wouldn't say the food was slow to come out, but being a small kitchen it takes a little longer than your average chain restaurant and I'm perfectly fine with that. Our server was nice and attentive and helped me decide on a dish. I went with the Chicken Escabeche, which was three chicken thighs with peppers and onions and  chimol on the side, which is kind of a salsa/salad with tomatoes, green peppers, jalapenos and cilantro. Our server asked if I wanted the chicken spicy or medium and because of my aforementioned weakness for anything that is spicy, I didn't hesitate in choosing the medium option.Thankfully, the chicken wasn't overly spicy. It warmed me up a little bit, like a hot toddy after a long day of snowboarding, but nothing to complain about. Then I tried the chimol -- an innocent looking mix that was anything but. It was a raging inferno disguised as a cute little salad. After a large bite, my eyes started to water, my sinuses instantly cleared up and I started sweating... I actually wanted to go home and shower. Now mind you, my wife and friend, who both have much higher tolerances to spicy food, didn't have these same symptoms, but did say that is was probably too hot for them to enjoy. And I understand that since Acajutla is known for being very authentic, this is probably the way this dish is meant to be served, so that's cool. But it was way too much for my unaccustomed tastes.We also had three pupusas - bean, pork and mixed. They were all pretty tasty and I would recommend them as a small appetizer. Overall, the experience was great. If my mouth and lips didn't feel like a flaming upside down police car on streets of Vancouver after a Game 7 Stanley Cup Final loss, I probably would have given it a five.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,8/18/2011,14,82,2,3,3>Absolutely love this place. Have repeatedly ordered the platter there. It's made for 2, but there was more than enough for 3 of us (we added the 3 dip appetizer platter too). The eggplant dip was delicious, great garlic flavour. Will certainly have that again. Belly dancing is nice touch on the weekend. Forgot to bring cash to tip the dancer.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2011,8/17/2011,38,68,4,3,2>Had my first try here today at the Farmers Market. I had heard great reviews from a local restaurant so checked it out. Went to the booth and got some lemon and berry scones, which I've heard are fab. They announced that their bakery was open just behind them and they served hot drinks. This was all I needed to check it out as it was unusually cold outside.Bakery is downstairs, but very up scale in ambience. Open, white walls, with a touch of antique flair. Lots of baking despite it being midday. I ordered a hot chocolate, requesting it be only warm for my 5-yr old, which they were happy to do. I got a coffee and a binh mi (sp?) Vietnamese sandwich. I observed as they made the hot chocolate with freshly melted chocolate and steamed milk-the best I've ever had, and my 5-yr old agreed by slurping it down, without getting burnt.The coffee was dark and rich, and the sandwich was a delicious blend of chicken, cilantro and veggies! My first vietnamese sandwich ever. I probably could find it in China town for a fraction of the price, but it was worth it.Overall a fantastic bakery-a must see!
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2011,8/16/2011,5,11,2,5,3>I am addicted to sushi. I crave it all the time. So far, one of the best places I've tried is Sushi Ya in City Centre. It's located at street level near the Booster Juice. Their fish is fresh, and their California Maki is uniquely tasty. They're fast and friendly. Perfect spot for a quick take-out lunch.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2011,8/15/2011,14,39,4,7,3>Like some of the reviews mention, this isn't the place to go if you're on a budget. As a guy, I'm not used to paying over $50 for a cut, but that's what it ended up being here. The student price, as it clearly states above (but which I somehow missed), is only available on Wednesday. New customers get a $10 gift certificate.Price aside, my stylist was pleasant and gave me what I was looking for. The haircut included a nice head massage, which almost lulled me into sleep.I probably won't go back, but that's more to do with price than with quality.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,8/14/2011,49,125,2,4,3>Finally a Wednesday where I drive by The Pint and there isn't a line up ! And for an extra dash of luck there was a parking spot right in front ! Mouth already watering as I hand the bouncer my I.D this place was pretty dead compared to the buzz I've heard about Wednesdays. Grabbed a spot, unfortunately no clean tables but our waitress was by within a minute of us sitting down to clean up and grab drink orders. Surprisingly this was the fastest service I have ever received at a bar like this ( We were in and out of here in 30 minutes).  I was also really impressed with the amount of beer they have on tap, I figured after repeating the huge list of taps I didn't want to bug her about bottles so I just got a pint of domestic ($5) and my partner got an import ($7). Too bad with the cheap wings there were no drink specials but that didn't stop us from having our beer with our wings. With 40 flavors to choose from, which were organized by sauce/dry rub and then further into how hot they were.  We went with 2 mediums, Mongolian BBQ and Sweet Chili. What felt like 5 minutes our food was already at our table. The Mongolian BBQ smelled amazing. It was packed with flavor and drenched in sauce, and the crispiness of the chicken was perfect. The Sweet Chili was not as flavorful but still pretty good. The price was just right for all this too. 1 domestic, 2 imports and 2 orders of wings for $26 ! I will definitely be returning the food and service was too great to say no!
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2010,8/13/2011,82,54,2,6,5>The first real calzones I have ever had! Battista is an artist - he gets all his ingredient from the Italian Centre and he clearly know what he is doing!You choose from 4 types - Classico, Spicy Italian, Mamma Mia (meatball) and Vegetarian. Pretty simple but you don't need a lot of embellishments when the food is this good.I've made two lunch runs in the last 2 weeks and I keep getting asked about when I'll go back to get some more! Love it, and I still have yet to try the meatball, which I hear is pretty amazing.Hours are 11-3, weekdays and Saturdays.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,8/12/2011,7,33,,8,4>Reflections is professional, down-to-earth with friendly, timely communication. When my brand-new Mazda got rear-ended, I was devastated. I wanted a place that used authentic factory parts and honest. I asked my dealership for recommendations and did extensive research. They suggested Reflections. Even though I live on the north side and they're located in the south, I was willing to check them out.I was still apprehensive about the whole experience, but Blaine from Reflections made me feel completely comfortable. I brought my vehicle in for him to access and quote and he walked me through every step of the process, which took almost an hour.Their work does take a little longer than average (approximately 2 weeks for me, once they started on my vehicle) and the wait-list to get in might be longer, but that's probably because they take the time to ensure your vehicle looks brand new again. My car is a shimmery blue colour and I was really worried they wouldn't be able to match the paint exactly. But they did! They also provided me with a small bottle of the paint to take home with me (free-of-charge) for touch-ups. When I picked up my vehicle, it was spotless outside *and* inside. They probably even vacuumed everything. Their costs may be higher than average as well, but with their fantastic work it's well worth it. And insurance paying for it doesn't hurt either. Their work is a life-time guarantee so no complaints there either. I've recommended them to friends and family. A coworker brought his Mazda in for auto body work, and they even remembered his name when he walked in the door to pick up his vehicle! I think they specialize in Mazda's and Mercedes Benz's since they're partners with Weber Mazda dealership, but I've seen all kinds of vehicles parked out front awaiting repairs.Accidents and the after mass are always a headache, no matter the circumstances, but Reflections made the experience a lot less painful. A+!
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,8/11/2011,33,149,,4,6>This is the only double width, double length hangar built for WWII still standing.  It's not only a museum, but it has space that can be used as a location for a wedding and wedding reception (as friends of mine did several years ago), for a beer fest (been to that one a few times!), and then today, I was there for a crafts sale.  It's a lovely old building with a stage.  It has RCAF colours painted onto one of the walls.  It has a tonne of free parking.  When you walk in there, you know that many people have loved this place.  Worth a visit, should you have the occasion.I'm not sure if I'm allowed to post the address to the wiki page here, but I'll give it a try.  en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al…
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,8/10/2011,94,253,2,8,4>Second to none in terms of good bubble tea! Real fruit juices instead of powders and they offer a wide assortment of add-ins, like these bubbles that actually contain mango juice and pop when you eat them. They make "eggies", which are Hong Kong-style waffles. They are shaped differently than Belgian waffles (imagine something like giant bubble wrap and you get the picture), which allows one to break off little pieces to eat. The waffles are light, very crunchy, and eggy (as the name suggests). I spoke at length with the owners when I was in, since for the moment I had the place to myself, and was really impressed with them. Hands down, this is the best bubble tea I've had in the city, and the real fruit makes all the difference.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2011,8/9/2011,70,102,3,6,4>I love coming to The Polish Food Centre,  The double smoked sausages are displayed as soon as you walk in, they have homemade pyroghys their as well, filled with different fruits or meat, potato cheese. Besides all of the pickles to choose from they have the whole length of the store on the side of the wall were they sell teas, every kind of herbal or any tea to serve any ailment that you may have. Some or I should say most of the teas are written in Polish so you have to ask someone, and usually that's not a problem at all. I would give this a 5 star,  but I would have to be directly in Poland then.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2011,8/8/2011,142,215,1,4,4>I adore Credo, but so does everyone else... to the point that this little cafe is totally packed every time I visit. Nevertheless, service is always quick and the staff is super friendly. My favorite thing at Credo is the local chocolates for sale at the front counter -- they stock delicious treats from a chocolatier in Sherwood Park that I otherwise would never get to sample. I love that they brew every individual cup coffee too, not a giant coffee pot in sight! The cafe itself has a very modern vibe and seating is a bit limited, but you can secure a place if you're patient. Still, Credo is not my go-to if I'm going to spend 2hrs hanging out and reading, it's more for a drop-in to grab a coffee on my way out for errands. Their iced coffee is the best in the city! Perfect to enjoy if you're visiting the Farmer's Market just outside the door on Saturdays.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,8/7/2011,11,39,4,4,4>Easily my favorite lunch spot downtown. Though it hasn't been open for very long, I've been going here almost every day for lunch. For their salads, I've tried:The Signature salad, which is excellent, though you might want to keep your distance from people afterward due to the red onions in it.The Spa salad, which has tuna in it - not a big tuna fan, but it was still very good.The Caesar salad, which isn't the best I've ever had, but is what I get most often (big caesar salad fan!). My only complaint with it is that it has bacon bits which tend to congregate near the bottom of the bowl, making the last few bites a bit too salty for my liking.Their soups tend to be decent to excellent, and I almost always get one with my salad.They also have "chopped water," which is basically water with some fruit in it. It's decent, though not particularly flavorful. I've tried it once and can't see myself paying for it in the future - on Saturdays it's free with a salad though, and there are free refills every day, making it a reasonable deal.I have had one bad experience, when I found a chunk of hard plastic in my salad. I couldn't stick around to chat with the staff about it, but I'll be more cautious in the future. They have a curiously large number of staff, and overall they're probably the friendliest I've encountered at a downtown lunch spot. They're not all perfect, but some of them really put in some extra effort to make this a very comfortable place for a quick lunch.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,8/6/2011,4,12,3,3,5>The perfect blend of healthy, and fat.... and cheese.Holy man of awesome!  I have wanted to go here for years after hearing about how well they treat their staff, just never got around to it.  So, to celebrate some stuff that is none of your business, we walked in.  No reservation, but they had room for us, as it was Monday night.  It was quite busy, but our service was phenomenal.  The right mix of leaving us alone and yet be there for every moment we could possibly want anything.  I had some pork chop grilled thing with onions and, well, wait, let me copy and paste it from the menu, or else it will sound like diner food.  Well, copy and paste won't work, but it had goat cheese, caramellized onions, and things that looked like mushrooms but were potatoes.  It is still on the menu, go look.  So much yum.  The dinner was great, so great in fact that we went 3 times during the 4 days both of us had off together.  The morning after the dinner, I woke up regretting not having ordered a bowl of soup.  I hadn't because i wanted to indulge my sweet tooth, so we went back for soup.  Cream of mushroom soup with 4 different mushrooms in it,   Easily the best thing I had put in my mouth that week.And a spinach salad with goat cheese and beets and yum in it.  My man had a pizza, which was the reason we had to go back and get pizzas the next day.  I am concerned for my waistline if this Packrat Louie obsession.  Yum
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2011,8/5/2011,89,141,,41,10>Are you looking for a ring for that special someone? Elegance Goldsmith is not your typical jewelry store: it's in the middle of Chinatown and looks pretty rundown, almost shady from the outside. I think the proprietors also live there, as their DOG barks happily from behind the counter.However, if you can get past that, you really should step in if you want to give you and your lady a custom wedding and engagement ring set for a bargain basement price.The shop is run by a Vietnamese husband-and-wife team: hubby does the hard labour and crafts all the rings; he claims he's the main outsourced guy for custom rings from the big jewelry stores in town. So, if you bought something custom from People's, for example, this gentleman may have made it for you, except you were probably charged an arm and a leg. Wife runs the store and is the jewelry expert to help guide you through the process, show you gems -- even take out the microscope to prove the authenticity of items.If you go directly to Elegance Goldsmith, there's zero fanciness so the overhead is low, and they can essentially sell you gems almost at-cost plus labour.At the end of the day, they made us a lovely wedding ring set, completely custom based on my design, with engraving -- a certified Canadian diamond and sapphires with my ring -- for a very reasonable price. Appraised, our rings came to four times what we actually paid for it through them.So, these jewellers are HIGHLY recommended. And how did I hear about this place? A friend of mine showed off her awesome ring and told me about what a great deal this place was with the quality, and I have to say, she was absolutely right.Go to a "normal" jewellers if you want bling and pay for it through the nose. Go here if you want to make it look like you did, but actually didn't. ;-)EDIT: Last time I was there, they only took Visa, no other credit cards.
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,8/4/2011,95,32,5,3,6>OH DUCHESS HOW I LOVE YOU! In the summer of 2009, I met, fell in love, and married my husband in Paris, France! He wasn't French, he was Egyptian. Typical me! I fell in love with Paris. Never thought I would. The derriere certainly had a love-hate relationship: pain au chocolat, baguette, fromage. You get the picture!It wasn't until I finally arrived back in Edmonton in 2010, that I happened upon Duchess! It cured my Paris blues instantly! Even if you are not wanting to sample their fare, I dare you to at least take a look at what they have to offer. It certainly is ART for the senses. The French really do now how to treat food!The pain au chocolat is my favourite, of course! You can choose between milk chocolat and dark. My preference is always dark. Other tasty treats that I have had the pleasure of devouring are the lemon meringue cake, their V-Day special ( I cannot even begin to describe this concoction), and DO NOT pass the savory! Their scones are to die for as well as  their tomato and bocconcini sandwich.This is THE perfect place for a weekend escape. It transports you to France. The decor is, well, French, the staff is plentiful and helpful, and although their baked goods fly out of there in record breaking speed they always seem to have enough to go around.And although the food looks like expensive art, it is totally affordable! Make every Sunday a Parisian Sunday in Edmonton! LOVE!
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,8/3/2011,65,39,1,6,3>Prepare yourself for a meatcoma.Although going to speak to Oscar Lopez and João Dachery, the owners of Pampa Brazilian Steakhouse, prior to the opening, I had yet to make it down to the finished restaurant. But when I walked in, it was a completely new place! The open area, ample-but-not-squished seating, the large pieces of artwork were fantastic. Your eyes immediately travel to a giant wine rack which can hold 800 bottles of wine, and can certainly satisfy even the most discerning of wine critics. Past that, you can see the Grill Masters hard at work, grilling over 10 different kinds of meat, which you will soon have the opportunity to sample. Just over from the grill is the beautiful salad bar that was flown and trucked from southern Brazil to Edmonton. The salad bar holds a large variety of salads, meats (yes, more meats), cheese, vegetables, sauces, and sides for you to accompany your meat selections.We were seated immediately, since we had made our reservation on OpenTable. We were then shown the drink menus. My friend and I were both driving, so we selected juice from the juice menu. Although the selection included freshly squeezed watermelon, cantaloupe, and honeydew, we opted for the much more common Pineapple. Our server then explained the discs on our table. (Red means - no meat at the moment, while Green means - yes! Offer me delicious meats to sample!)We filled our plates with salads and sides and then flipped over the disc. Within 30 seconds, a Grill Master was at our side offering us a variety of meats. Over the course of the next few hours we sampled:  Picanha (top sirlion and the signature cut of Pampa), Garlic Picanha (although I passed, as I get sick when eating garlic), Pork Sausage, Parmesan-Crusted Pork Loin, Chicken wrapped in Bacon, Chicken Drumsticks, Bottom Sirloin (from Spring Creek Ranch no less!), Lamb, Ribeye, and Beef Ribs, which were cooked for six hours!One of our favourite Grill Masters of the night, Ali, would come by with a flair and explain to us the cut of meat and make a case for why we should try it. His charm worked - he even got us to sample the 11th meat - Chicken Hearts. I have to say, I'm happy I tried it. It wasn't gross, but I still can't forget that it's a heart... so I won't be having it again. My favourite meats of the evening were the Bottom Sirloin (which was a tad salty, but the salt really brought out the flavour in the meat), Picanha, and the two chickens. My friend loved the Garlic Picanha, and asked for a moment alone with it - it was that good.Meal over, our rubber arms were twisted, and the dessert menu was upon us. We ordered the Chocolate Mousse and the Manjar de Coco (a light coconut caramel dessert). Both were incredibly decadent and a great light way to end the evening.We left completely satisfied, and definitely looking forward to a return visit. This is definitely a "special occasion" restaurant, with the price easily getting up to $70/person. It's not cheap, but it is definitely worth the treat. Congrats to Oscar and João for their fantastic Brazilian Steakhouse!
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,8/1/2011,14,8,4,6,5>I've now been to The Marc twice and I have to say that my experience there has been the same.- Wonderful food. I have tried the beef tartare and mussels and both were fantastic. For entrees, I have tried the duck confit and the lamb. Both were wonderful and the perfect size (I have no idea what the people complaining about portion size are talking about - if you want to stuff your face with as much food as you can, go to McDonalds) The desserts were amazing, and I definitely recommend you leave room for them!- Great decor. Simple but classy. I didn't find the large open room concept to be a problem for acoustics at all. It may have gotten a little loud at times, but overall I had no problems hearing my date's conversation. The only complaint I'd have is that the two-person table felt awkwardly long, so I had to really lean in to get close to my boyfriend. Also the music they were playing was really great.If you want a nice restaurant for a special occasion without completely emptying your bank account, I highly recommend you visit The Marc.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,7/31/2011,164,49,8,4,4>Blue Chair Cafe... The live music brunches on weekends are my favorite... I feel like this review should be in the form of a song..."I love your bacon, I love your bands.I love the life music and always clap my hands.Your bennies are delicious, location surreptitious,I have yet to find a food that isn't delicious each time.I've been here with a lover, I even brought my mother.If only I could wake him up I'd even take my brother.Your bacon is to die for, I always order an extra side forThat maple smoked savory taste that is delivered every time.The unpretentious feeling, the art, the charm, the ceiling,Blue Chair you leave your critics reeling, as once they savor, your different flavors(that bacon needs a waiver from your kind waiter)I'm certain that they'll find Blue Chair is a tasty place to dine.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,7/30/2011,50,288,,4,3>High Voltage was one of those Edmonton restaurants I'd heard good things about but had never checked out. I went there for lunch yesterday. The cafe is located in an odd spot between Gateway Blvd and Calgary Trail on Argylle Rd, across from Derrick dodge. Several people had told me the donairs here are fantastic. I ordered a speciality donair called 'The Herc' which had donair meat and feta cheese. I really like the variety of meat you could choose, I've never seen Bison offered as an option for donairs, You get to choose between white or whole wheat pita and you watch them put the veggies and sauce on. I like this because while I like donairs I don't like a lot of onions on them, The also have other toppings like lettue, pickles, jalepenos, etc. Pickles on a donair are delicious. Then you get to choose your sauce, I opted for the sweet sauce. Most donairs have three sizes, a small, regular and large. The speciality ones only have two sizes, regular or large. I found the regular donair was quite filling, and if I could have I would have gotten the smaller size. I really like how they press the donair, it makes for a unique donair experience, and the spices they put on top are delicious. For $10 I got my donair and a pepsi, and it was a very filling and satisfying . This was the best donair I've had, and I'd come back here for sure.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,7/29/2011,56,221,3,4,4>I am currently a member here and really enjoy it. The staff to me is super friendly, even too friendly at times. I get assistance when I need it. I have been going for 2 months now and have yet to have to wait for a machine. The group classes are awesome and I'd have to say I took part in the "300" bootcamp and it kicked my ass. I highly recommend joining this gym. It gets kinda hot in the summer Im not sure if they have AC?
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2011,7/28/2011,40,145,2,6,3>To my fellow Yelpers, I salute you. I heard this was the place to go for authentic Mexican food and I needed to get my nacho on. I mentioned it to a friend of mine who was in dire search of a new Mexican restaurant ever since his favorite closed down. I believe I might have found him his new favorite Mexican restaurant.Upon walking in, you'll notice that they do have take out which is very assuring in case it gets too busy or you're in a rush. The dining area is quaint with deep blue walls, Mexican music videos playing on flat panel tv's and trumpets and guitars playing soothing sounds of the land below. Very nice touch indeed.Our server came by and we started off with some authentic soda, Jarrito's (which they serve at Mucho as well), and munched on some one of the finest guac and salso with warm nachos I've ever feasted upon. Glancing at their drink menus, they even carry some exotic and authentic tequila, olé!My friend ordered some tamales and I just ordered a plate of nachos with guac and chicken strips.The plate of nachos were average in size but the taste was of high calibre. The cheese was a white mozarella which was nice to see with olives and jalepenos. The chicken wasn't marinated but had a tinge of salt which tasted refreshing and heartwarming. I'm glad it wasn't too salty as I usually expect that from places like Moxies or Original Joes.With the thick guac and unique salsa, there was an edge of sincerity which did bring me back to Mexico.Although I didn't try the tamale, my friend did really savor it and claimed that Three Amigos did win him over.The waiter came by a couple of times to check up on us and made friendly small talk which won us points. Down to earth staff, impeccable washroom. Decently priced ($14.00 for nachos, $3.00 for the Jarrito's).Muy Bien!
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,7/27/2011,15,30,3,4,4>If your a lover of local and exotic craft beers, then this is the place for you.  So many to choose from that you'll either need a ride home or multiple visits to try all that appeals to you.On the food side they have a creative menu and a kitchen that doesn't have a deep fryer! That's right it is possible to successfully run a kitchen without a deep fryer.  Not everything has to come with a side of fries, the options are soup, salad, mashed potato.The one small issue was that the waitress seemed to go missing for long periods of time, which is odd for such a small venue.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,7/26/2011,19,49,2,3,2>Absolutely my favorite noodle shop in Edmonton. Nice big bowls for decent prices. Richer broth and better veggies than most too. Kind of a run down looking place but sometimes there's nothing better. I haven't tried anything outside of the soup. 9 times of 10 that I do go here, I get the Bun Bo Hue.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,7/25/2011,35,66,2,3,2>First opinion of the place is I like the uniforms they wear and the music, gets me ready for the food. Hopefully the food is no disappointment. It has a pretty cozy feel to it, relaxed and comfortable.I ordered a honey dew melon bubble tea which tastes great!! The tapioca is delicious. By great I mean awesome bubble tea.The food was fresh and tasty. Enjoyable vermicelli bowl. Good price and good service!
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,7/24/2011,34,76,4,6,6>Close your eyes and this is Mexico. Ok, so the drinks aren't all inclusive, and the beach really, really sucks.... but the food is pretty darn authentic. Fresh made tacos, quesadillas, and tortas (sandwiches) really hit the spot and are a welcome addition to the downtown food scene.  As a lover of all things pork, I tend to gravitate to the pork dishes but I've had the chicken tacos as well and they're pretty good. I can see myself having a late-night snack of guacamole and homemade tortilla chips with a cerveza some night for sure. I would love to see a Tres Carnales Taco Truck in the future, as my only drawback to this place is the nightmare of parking around Rice Howard Way.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2011,7/23/2011,46,142,3,5,7>I was in a rut with produce, always buying the same 5 veg, alternating between just a few fruit. Uninspired, eating out a lot out of boredom, losing my healthy focus.Then I heard about this cool little business, delivering produce to the door once a week (or every other week if that's your preference).  A box full of organic wonders, from as near as is possible depending on the season.  Options to switch out items that don't tempt you with those that do....including local fruit wine and beer.4 boxes later and cooking is a pleasure again, an adventure again.  What to do with fiddleheads, with fava beans, with bok choy?  Experiment, try something new.  Mmmm. I can't wait to do fava again, and bok choy, but will likely leave those tedious little fiddleheads to someone else to prepare.  My taste buds are very happy. So am I.Want to try it? Register for a spot on their route, there is frequently a waiting list.  Not the cheapest (particularly for non-produce items), but the quality is superior to the local chain grocer by a country mile.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,7/22/2011,509,247,,6,5>This restaurant is fantastic. Friendly staff, cozy atmosphere, and chef is excellent for the food. Been there twice already with friends. Steak, lamb chops, chicken legs were all perfectly cooked. The Istanbul creamed calamari is to die for and probably the best lamb chops in Edmonton. This place is a hidden gem in Edmonton and we have not come across anything that was not cooked to perfection. The meal is well worth the price and the portions were more then enough. You will enjoy the food and have a great experience of the Turkish delights here. Also there is a belly dancer on Saturday night. As for Mary Lou review below, maybe she should realize that ethnic food will be different then what you are used too,,,obviously had a bad day to give this restaurant a sad review
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2011,7/21/2011,85,580,,9,5>Another chic fashion boutique for Whyte Ave! Oak & Fort is located exactly where Eden Lilly Flowers used to be on Whyte, right across from the Army & Navy store. It's a chic little boutique with a select collection of beautiful women's clothing.Echoing its flagship store in Vancouver, this Oak + Fort location is set up like an art gallery -- clean and minimalist, where the focus is solely on the fashion. The pieces are simple and modern, in neutral shades and soft, feminine fabrics. Draping dresses, over-sized tunics, blazers and t-shirts -- and an abundance of silk.The jewelry is also gorgeous in its simplicity. Strands of gold and silver dangle from the display, while a truly unique collection of silver rings lays open on a table for you to try.I love the minimalist feel of the shop, totally un-fussy and all about the fashion. While the prices aren't cheap, they definitely reflect the unique designs and high quality of the fabrics. You may be hard-pressed to find pieces like these anywhere else in the city.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,7/20/2011,187,341,4,10,2>JB's has some of the best breakfasts in the city. You get a ton of food and the prices are very decent. Today I had bacon and eggs with hashbrowns and toast, and it was only $8.45 for a huge plate of food. There's no way I could ever finish a plate here. Lucky for me my husband has a bigger stomach than I :) Other breakfast offerings include omelettes, french toast, and pancakes. They have a full lunch/dinner menu as well.JB's is in Beverly in the northeast part of the city. It's not too far from my place, so it's easy to get to and nicer than going to Denny's or something like that. It's got a real diner feel, in that the food is tasty and reasonably prices, and the waitresses are waitresses, darnit!, who have been doing this for years with real personality, not teenagers in short skirts trying to get tips. The restaurant is actually really big with a lot of tables and a high ceiling; very clean and open space. Every time I've been to JB's it's totally busy, but I've never had to wait more than a couple of minutes for a table. They have a small parking lot but it's usually full. Lots of street parking available.Breakfast lovers, go here!
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2011,7/19/2011,50,158,1,11,7>The Burger Joint is a hipster burger bar oddly and anachronistically located in a small strip mall that has mostly medical offices on the North-side of 23rd Avenue East of South Edmonton Common between nothing and nowhere.There's only about a dozen tables.  Scattered on these tables are small clipboards with five step check-list forms on which  you can create your own burger.  Step One, choose a bun: Classic or sesame.  Step two, pick a "meat": Single or double 7 oz beef patties, sliders, veggie, lamb, four types of chicken or a donair pattie.  Step 3 involves 15 different sauces.  Step 4 lets you pick from 20 different free toppings (lettuce, tomato, onions, etc). And finally, step 5 lets you select any premium toppings (cheese, calamari, bacons, quac and the blessed fried egg) that are $0.50 to $1 extra each.  You can then also add fries (curly or straight) or a salad and drink for a combo.If all those choices stresses you out, there is also a small menu board with about eight "signature" burgers in pre-set combinations.  We went for the check-list.  It's just way more fun.  Once you fill it in, you take it up to the counter and pay the piper.I have to say that our orders came up quickly and maybe too quickly in that the beef burgers came up and there was a bit of a gap for the chicken burgers in the group.  Not a big deal, but it would have been nicer to get our food more or less at the same time.  The food was actually nicely plated on "china" which was a nice touch.  Given that, the presentation of the burger left me a little cold.  The 7 oz pattie was really thin.  They use a large bun and the burger covers it, but seems thin especially when piled with the toppings.  The burger looks 90% toppings and 10% meat.  Now, a 7 oz patties is almost a half pound, so it's lots of meat. It's just the presentation that makes it look scanty.Bite into the burger though and all concerns evaporated.  The bun, heated on the grill, had a nice crust and a soft even texture while substantive enough to hold the burger without droop or mushiness.  Frankly, the bread was delicious in and of itself.  The pattie was moist, flavourful and GRILLED ... that's right ... GRILLED ... not fried on a flat top (take that Delux).  The topping were all fresh and I would believe cut to order.  For example, the lettuce was crisp and not wilted at all (contributing to the illusion that there is way more topping than meat).  My chipotle sauce was nicely sweet and smoky.  Because the pattie goes edge to edge on the bun, every bite had a nice meaty component.  I also had the side salad which was also fresh and crisp.  It was a little bit of a let down that my Italian dressing came in a Kraft sachet, but the greens themselves were great.  Fries are served in "newspaper" with ketchup and also mayonnaise to dip in. A well dressed single as a combo will run about $15 with tax. Not bad for what I got.  Staff were really friendly and helpful.  They threw in a drink for the one guy in our group who didn't go for the combo.I've been looking for a great burger place in town for some time now.  This could well be the one.  If the pattie were a little thicker even if it meant a bun with a smaller diameter, I'd have readily given Burger Joint five stars.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,7/18/2011,31,31,2,14,5>I have been to Sabu 3 times in the past 2 weeks.  Edmonton, we have a new place for sushi and Korean and it's going to put the others to shame it seems.I ordered Bi Bim Bap the first time, and now I can't seem to bring myself to try anything else because it is really that good.  My Fiance' had the dinner bento box and he was equally impressed.The service was sweet and genuine (clearly the owners daughters?), and the place is run by the whole family with mom up front, and dad making the sushi.  After our meals, the owner came to our table to ask how we enjoyed our meals and her good vibes set the rest of my day.On the way out I used the loo and I have never seen a cleaner rest room in my life.  Clearly these people care about their food, customers, and their business.I'll be back Sabu, but let's hope that I can get past ordering the same item next time.  I will try.
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2011,7/17/2011,32,58,2,5,5>My wife and I attended a chocolate tasting session at Kerstin's Chocolates a few weeks ago, and it was awesome. Nina went through the various cocoa beans, where they're grown, and what properties they have. It was a great hour-long session, followed by us buying a bunch of yummy chocolate.Over the past few years I've strayed away from buying the cheap chocolate and moved towards the expensive stuff, enjoying the flavour as opposed to devouring the bar. Kerstin's Chocolates will be a new hangout of mine; I used to live really close by the store, and I'm glad I didn't go there back then or I'd fear for my bank account, and my waistline.If you want good, locally-produced (as well as imported) chocolates, give Kerstin's a shot. And if you really enjoy chocolate, consider taking one of the chocolate-tasting classes, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,7/16/2011,49,256,4,4,6>Oh, Murrieta's. If my boyfriend didn't tell me this place existed, I would have walked by without even noticing it. In fact, I did, hundreds of times, since the first time I ever shopped on Whyte avenue! Something about the plain brown exterior just makes it blend in to the background.My boyfriend took me here for dinner a couple times, and wow, I was blown away! The place has the most extensive wine list I've ever seen, and trust me, I like to drink my fair share. The prices can be a bit much for the student budget, what with some salads costing upwards of $20, but it really depends on what you choose. The staff were extremely accommodating when it came to my strange eating preferences. Instead of a tomato sauce on a three-cheese pizza, I got to substitute a citrus cream cheese sauce, and they also gave me some Parmesan cheese to top off the pizza, turning it into a delicious five-cheese experience. I can't remember the name of the appetizer I had, but it was the best darned shrimp I've ever tasted.Overall, I don't visit terribly often, but that's because I'm student poor. Love the food and the service, and I go whenever I can.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2010,7/15/2011,96,96,1,18,4>First time at a Century Hospitality restuarant, although I would say 'Bar and Kitchen' is the more accurate term. I'm hoping that the rest of their portfolio is up to this standard.The decor was my style. Think of sleek, sexy and comfortably upscale. Even on the worst first date you would still feel comfortable.I usually opt for the wine, but their drink menu looked interesting so I tried a few out. I had the Bubbles de Luxe and Guava Gold, both based around Canella Prosecco sparkling. I would stick with the Guava Gold next time, considering that I used to work in a restuarant and I don't trust 'bar fruit.' I did note that they havd a very large selection of beer, wine and scotch. They even had 8 different types of caesar's to choose from.We decided to share 3 appetizers; Baked Goat Cheese, Porcupine Chicken Satays and Hamachi Tartar. All were amazing. I especially loved the Baked Goat Cheese. I order this from almost every restuarant that I go to, if they have it listed. This one was especially good. I usually do not add the cranberries as they are too sweet or too bitter, but Hundred uses cherry relish which was a perfect accdent to the goat cheese.The service could have been a bit better, but our server paid decent attention to us. It was pretty busy since we arrived on a Friday night and stayed between 7pm - 9pm. Since I used to be a server, I pay attention to a lot of different factors that might effect our service.I will certainly go back, there are many other things that got my attention on the menu and I cannot wait to try them.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,7/14/2011,67,269,2,17,4>I can't believe I had never been here before. Dots is a 10 minute walk from my house, in kind of a weird spot behind Oliver square. And they have so. many. clothes. Like, so many.This is the kind of place where you should plan to spend a lot of time. If you're looking to run in and pick up something particular, go elsewhere. The racks here seem to be mostly random. If there is some kind of order, it was not obvious and completely unlabeled. But that's ok, Shopping is fun!They have a number of brands at pretty steep discounts, and so much variety that I think there has to be something for everyone if you are willing to put some time into it. Don't expect help from the staff though. This is a DIY shopping experience. They print the original price on the label, and most things seemed to be an average of 60-80% off. Dangerous.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,7/13/2011,220,814,,5,4>Transcend's coffee is incredible. They use such care in its selection and preparation, that is second to none. I can sometimes drink it without any additives like sugar or cream - and for me, that is saying a lot. They have done a  great job of transforming the old Axis Cafe space - which was nice to start with. I have visited the Transcend location in Garneau numerous times, but a downtown location is far more convenient. My companion and I had regular cups of coffee from the ready-brewed batch. It was strong and flavourful. French press and coffee by the cup ("clover" coffee) is also available, as are lattes, cappucinos, and just about every kind of hot or cold coffee drink imaginable. Try the waffles too - they are delish. I can't wait to see what kinds of beer and South American food will be available. I predict that Transcend is going to be one of the top "places to be" in downtown Edmonton in the very near future.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2010,7/12/2011,95,180,3,12,6>Not much has changed about Super Flea in the two years that have passed since my last review. Even as it's being slowly overtaken by peddlers of new junk, the market's pockets of greatness (ie: Terry's record booth) are getting, if possible, even better. Last weekend I picked up one of my serious record wants, something I've been searching for for years, and for many times cheaper than I'd been willing to pay. Gem after gem after gem line the wall right now - it's times like these that make me wish I had some sort of lucrative career so I could take home that copy of G.I., that Johnny Thunders record, the second Cuddly Toys album, those Secret V's LPs I've always wondered about. Also: mini donuts with cinnamon sugar, year round.
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2011,7/11/2011,158,543,4,8,7>We LOVE Bliss Baked Goods!Mr. Bliss (the owner and baker extraordinaire) is a very friendly and humorous guy always ready to give you suggestions and advice.My toddler loves their marbled rye bread... She calls it "sparkly" bread and likes to eat it plain - by itself - for a snack.The reason I keep coming back to Bliss is their freakin' AMAZING CARAMEL APPLE CINNAMON ROLL/DANISH thing... whatever it's called... it's amazing!  You have to go in the morning because they are usually out by lunch time!They also serve sandwiches and soup... but it's the pastries that keep me coming back for more!I love supporting local Mom and Pop places!  Bliss is also a completely KOSHER bakery if that's your thing!
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,7/10/2011,3,29,2,5,3>I love this place. If you`re in the area, you`ll have to check it out! It has a lot of charm and a great, relaxed atmosphere. The house was originally built some place else and used to be a family home and a bank at one point. Then they moved it to Ardrossan and now  it`s this beautiful, friendly place! The service is excellent and the food is too good to be true! I always order the Country Boyz omelette which come with home made hashbrowns and your choice of toast....yummm! The burgers are super as well...especially the bison one! The only thing is that the portions are so big and it`s so delicious that you can`t stop and you end up eating too much! :-) Excellent quality ans service and the prices are very reasonable! Enjoy!
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,7/9/2011,7,23,2,2,3>This was my first time eating at Delux Burger Bar. Walking in I found the two greeter girls to be alot more classy than the ones in the restaurant next door who looked like they were strippers (you all know which one I'm talking about). The decor is pretty modern/trendy and pleasing to the eye.I ordered the Delux Burger, and shared the shrimp box and sweet potato fries with my friend. I hate seafood. I always tell people I don't do seafood. But of course I always try things. Because I hate people who say they don't like something but never tried it. So I try the shrimp in a box and I was pleasantly surprised. I actually didn't mind it... in fact I even kind of liked it. It didn't taste/smell fishy at all. I don't think I would have even known it was seafood. My burger was delicious (I choose Goat cheese as my cheese option). My friend ordered the Chipotle BBQ Chicken Burger and she said she really liked it. My one dissappointment was the sweet potato fries. They were soggy. They wern't terrible...... but they wern't great. The menu is very small (you'd think they would have more burger options for being a burger bar) but I guess it's a good thing for people like me who are very indecisive. All in all I had a very good experience and I would definitely eat there again although I would like to try the actual restaurant rather than one in a crazy busy mall (but if you are already at the mall then might as well go there)
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2010,7/8/2011,73,717,3,7,4>There are a few reasons I've been going to this pub lately: it's on my way home; it has a big patio facing west with hours of afternoon sun exposure for tanning (with sunscreen, of course) while I enjoy a pint or two with friends; the poutine is cheap, cheese-bathed and delicious (even if it's not real cheese curds, just mozza) and there is free Internet. Yes, I love being able to put my feet up and chill out while still staying connected via Wi-Fi. You never know when the urge to Google will arise.This place has great appetizer specials and themed menus when there's a big hockey game on. Last winter we watched the play-offs here. The place was packed and the vibe was fantastic. I recommend the Brew-chos, the chicken wings (big and meaty) and $1 Taco Tuesdays. Even if you're not a sports junkie, this place is lots of fun during a game or on the weekend.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2010,7/7/2011,16,84,4,20,7>After many over priced, ill equipped, and skill less tailors I am happy to say I found the BEST tailor in Edmonton. The place is owned by an older couple and they do the tailoring themselves. I`ve had curtains custom made, two bridesmaid dresses fixed, zippers replaced, and several pants hemmed. The prices are truly and honestly unbeatable. They know, truly know how to sew. I would go as far as to say that they are the Italian Michelangelos of tailoring.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,7/6/2011,4,8,2,4,3>Oh my goodness I love this place! Their cupcakes are so cute and are to die for! They have cute cupcakes with creative flavours (Smarties) and classic flavours (Red Velvet). I also took time to flip through their photo album of cakes and look at their examples in the windows, I really want to get a cake here! The Whimsical Cake Studio looks just as it sounds, cute, whimsical and very pink! I would definitely recommend this to a friend!
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2010,7/5/2011,78,111,2,6,3>Dream is, well, dreamy!This place has terrific bubble tea and a great atmosphere - it's a good place to relax with friends on a lazy afternoon, at the end of a night out, or alternatively, a place to get a good energy charge if you're planning on an extremely late night! The tea is really good quality, not too sweet, but with a really good flavour. The smoothies are also to die for. It's a comfortable place, especially if your group can grab one of the few sofas set up around the perimeter of the room.My only complaint is that recently, Dream has apparently started requesting that groups must share the same bill/ only make one payment if they arrive late in the evening (this possibly also applies all day, I'm not sure), instead of just letting people go up to the till and pay individually, which is ridiculously difficult to comply with and has lead to my group of friends abandoning the place. For a tiny group or pair though, this is definitely a place you should visit!
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/19/2011,7/4/2011,30,60,1,4,4>I'm not a huge karaoke fan, but I found Barcode to be a good venue. For one thing, it's fully devoted to karaoke, unlike some places which are just pubs that happen to have a few bad karaoke singers once a week.They have a huge selection of songs, including many Asian-language songs (mostly various Chinese dialects, but I think some are Korean). Just about every genre of music is covered, though a few karaoke staples were noticeably absent from the song list.There are also private rooms that you can book, if you want to get a few friends and just go nuts. I don't believe that the private rooms actually cost extra, but I may be wrong about that. It wasn't too clear from the conversation that we had with the bartender. Having said that, the main lounge is small enough that you'll be sure to get many chances at the microphone even without booking a private room.There are some downsides to Barcode, though: the drinks are overpriced and the kitchen seems to be constantly out of whatever food you want to order. The last time I was there the only thing they weren't sold out of was spicy peanuts (though, miraculously, a few plates of wings eventually turned up later in the evening, despite our having been previously told that they were out of wings).Overall, Barcode is a pretty decent karaoke bar. They could certainly do better but, from what I know of karaoke in Edmonton, Barcode is probably in the top five karaoke bars in the city.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,7/3/2011,292,404,,12,5>Woohoo!  No complaints here.  The thing is that it's not really a high end bistro with great plating techniques and chef hats that cost thousands of dollars. It's just an awesome little bistro on the High Street that serves really nice food.  Went with fellow yelpers on completing our High Street crawl.  I have a softspot for giant falafel balls and I can't think of anything else when I see them on display, ready and waiting to be consumed. My falafel sandwich was delicious stuffed with hummus, pickled turnip - a classic Lebanese pickle that I haven't had in ages now, lemon onion salad and some other delicious items that made for a merry orchestra of taste.  I like that they press the sandwiches down a bit making the pita wrap warm, toasted and pressed to a very manageable form for efficient devouring.  I guess it's a twist on the classic middle easter wrap you'd find on the streets of Beirut (like I've actually been there!  But I have had wraps in the souks of Dubai with other middle easterners).  Must add that falafel wraps are great vegan foods.  So hooray to the veggies around.The sandwich itself is delicious but don't know if it is the best falafel wrap I will ever eat in Edmonton and hence would probably have stuck to a 4 star with that.  The servers were extremely friendly and checked on us once through the meal while also calling out on other instances from their counter to make sure that all was fine at our table.  A roomy ambience with lots of space between tables.  Simple Ikea and Ikea-related furniture while maintaining a clean and inviting ambience.  All these things put together with, simply put, well made delicious sandwiches, I'd say Dahlia's a 5 star place for an afternoon lunch while shopping!
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,7/2/2011,2,6,3,9,6>I've been eating at Co Co Dis for a bit over a year, and it's easily my favourite Lebanese Restaurant downtown. I almost always go for lunch, as it's quiet and quick service during this period. The fattoush is excellent, the cheese rolls are amazing, and I've always been impressed by the quantities provided. Ill generally spend about $16 to $20 per meal while I'm there, and have always felt they've delivered value for that. My girlfriend and I frequently order Cheese Rolls, Soujuk and Fattoush dishes and share, and this is an excellent and large meal for two for $30.Lily and Ghada are incredibly friendly, and I frequently stop to chat with them whenever I'm around. I highly recommend this place.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,7/1/2011,3,4,2,4,4>This is a great cafe.  The coffee is good (they serve 49th parallel from Vancouver) , but what I go for is the eats.  It is always something different and interesting.Nate the chef that runs the cafe is creative and pushes the limits on the food.  I really enjoy their parfaits, baking and breakfast sandwiches.They space is nicely put together although it is small, and the few seats available are nice but they fill up quickly.  This is a great space and I love it. This is a to-go coffee place.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,6/30/2011,14,25,6,6,6>DUDE, This place is saweet! I had super fun awesome times here the other night and if you don`t have super fun awesome times in your life you are so missing out. So its like...a pub. You walk in and seat yourself and good looking waitresses come and serve you, pretty chill. A great place to bring a date or to watch a hockey game, GO DETROIT!!!! :DMy date and I started with the fried squid which was pretty tasty and had a nice kick to it if your into that, yum! My meal was the Drunken Chicken which was sooo good even for leftover lunch the next day, awesome! Except for the overload of onions..(Onions...my arch nemesis..) The menu is not very vast but its still has some pretty decent food to pick from.The best things about this place...The toilets flush themselves which is great for germaphobes like me, they have $4 glasses of wine..They do not tell you what the wine is as I guess they use whatever is leftover at the time, but who cares! A $4 glass of wine is still just that, a $4 glass of wine, life can`t get any better. They also have drinks...that come in glasses in the shape of freaking boots!! SO MUCH AWESOME! That itself made the whole night worth it. Ahh good ol`booted drinks.So totally check this place out, you know you want to. Oh and yam fries!!!
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,6/28/2011,36,8,2,4,4>Over the last year i have began to make a diligent effort to shop local and support shops that make doing so a pleasure. Laurels is one of those places. Lori told me tricks to keep my flowers alive, what is special and different about shopping at local flower shops rather then supermarkets and the best ways to cut flower. This in itself is a reason to stop in. Another and really the main reason, is the flowers are amazing, fresh, great selection and never boring. If you are looking for a creative, unique look this is the place, modern and classy!I have purchased for everyday home flowers, mothers day, birthday gifts and was happy to recommend them to a friend who is using them for her wedding. side note, they have the cutest shop dog.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,6/27/2011,11,4,2,6,5>"Good food, no 'tude" is the motto of Leo and his father Frank Rizzuto. During the lunch rush Zuppa cafe could be redubbed Zoo-pa as Leo scrambles to assemble the best lunches in town. The local office crowd swarms in so expect a 15 minute wait between 12-1PM. Also note that Zuppa is cash only.Locals love the wrap and salads that fill a small but satisfying permanent menu. A daily rotation of homemade soup, pasta, and baking specials keeps the menu lively. Serving sizes border epic and I constantly hear buzz about how good the prices are for organic and fair trade food!Personal Faves:-Vegetarian Wrap $7.50-Mushroom Soup (Occasional Special) $3My Next Visit:-Cinnamon Bun French Toast w/ fruit $6.50
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2010,6/26/2011,39,733,6,10,9>I got my first tattoo here.I went with a friend and we were both nervous.  Our tattoo artist let us stay with each other in the room (they have private rooms which is nice because most places are pretty open) for support.He talked each of us through everything and it went really well.My friend got really light headed after her tattoo was done so he laid her down and got her some water.  He kept an eye on her and stayed with us until she was feeling better.  It was nice.The place is clean and professional.  It's probably the best known tattoo shop in Edmonton so it should be.I had a good experience here.
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2010,6/25/2011,50,5,2,3,3>Let me start off with this. It's a Vietnamese sub place and it's less than 5 minutes from my house. I come from Calgary where there are numerous awesome Vietnamese sub places. Unfortunately Edmonton is not nearly up the same level as Calgary in this small, but extremely important category. The subs here are tasty and less than $5. The salad rolls are delicious as well. I'm not much of a bubble tea person but they have quite a selection of those as well. I'd stay away from the fried spring rolls, they keep them under a heat lamp and they've never looked very appetizing. That being said I usually eat here at least once a week and I really dig the chicken satay sub.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2011,6/24/2011,21,12,2,2,3>I went to Accent after a recommendation from a friend who knows the owner.  It was exactly what I expected.  Accent is tucked away just off Whyte on 104st.  It has a comfy non-pretentious vibe and the crowd is very low-key.  The last time I was here was on a double-date and it was the perfect setting for appetizers and drinks.  We had the hummus and bread appy, and while the bread assortment was amazing (love carbs) the hummus left a lot to be desired.  It supposed to be muddled at the table but it came a bit too dry to do so.  After some EVOO it ended up being ok, but still not the best ever.Accent is a great place to meet friends before a big night out or to just hang out in a casual setting.  It's a little gem among many larger lounges.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,6/23/2011,11,3,,5,3>United cycle is more than just bikes. If you have ever driven past and thought by it's name that's all they have, you are obviously not shopping at the right sports store then. Once you enter united cycle you are greeted with a plethora of sporting gear. Never have I seen so many sports in one store. They have your every athletic need from running gear, football, soccer, hockey (inline and ice), lacrosse and many many more. If you are looking for a specific item for your sport united cycle will have it. In all my years going there for goalie and football I've yet to not find an item I needed. One of the best parts of united cycle is how knowledgable the staff is. Everyone is hired for a specific area of the store so if you need goalie equipment you know you will be talking to someone who plays goalie and knows exactly what you need and can answer all your questions. United cycle even carries a full line of apparel like under armor and various other athletic brands. They also have jerseys and hats and much more fan fare items. Let's also not forget you can take your skates or pretty much any piece of sports equipment that can be fixed to them and they will fix it up for you. Overall united cycle is a one stop shop for any sporting goods need. It's staff really helps make the process of looking for equipment painless. I've been shopping at united cycle for over 19 years now and have yet to be disappointed.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2011,6/22/2011,53,82,,9,3>I've been a huge Oodle Noodle fan since they opened their location on Whyte, and when I heard they were opening downtown on Jasper Avenue, I was pretty excited.I love the party-like atmosphere, and the loud music. Oodle Noodle staff always look like they're having a great time. And the selection of different stir-fries and appetizer options are great.My mainstay at Oodle Noodle is the Jungle Curry with Tofu. And if I'm feeling particularly hungry, I order the spring rolls, which are probably some of the best I've ever eaten.The portion sizes here are huge. You'll definitely get two meals out of a single order. And the level of food quality is tough to beat.Oodle Noodle beats any other short-order stir-fry restaurant in the city, hands down. If you haven't been here yet, you're missing out. One of my fave fast food places for sure.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,6/21/2011,31,99,2,7,3>I love Breadland - it's one of those places where you walk in and you feel like the owner is really a part of the business, like it's their home. The selection is decent - lots of beautiful fresh breads made with natural, "homemade" sourdough and everything is baked right there in the bakery.The bread itself, no matter what kind you buy, is the beautiful artisan kind - crispy and chewy and perfectly done. Breadland also offers a few different kinds of pastries, cinnamon buns, chocolate croissants and etc. They are big on whole-grain, unbleached flour and there is lots to choose from in the gluten-free, rice based breads, as well as breads that have yummy natural ingredients like spelt and various seeds.The prices are a little high, which I feel is worth it for the quality of bread, but it's still daunting to pay $10 for two loaves. The bakery also sells coffee and beverages, and features a little sit-in area if you feel like staying.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,6/20/2011,25,52,2,8,8>This is one of the best animal rescue facilities in the world. It makes me beyond proud to be an Edmontonian  when I come here and volunteer. The animals have fabulous accommodations and the staff treat all with respect and love. If you are looking for a new furry friend this is the place to find one.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2010,6/19/2011,58,8,2,9,4>This is my favourite night spot in Edmonton. Why? The sound system is a big reason. While it's a relatively small and intimate lounge, the owners haven't skimped on the sound system. The clarity of the sound in the lounge is incredible. As a test, a friend of mine and I were playing with Shazam on our iPhones the other night and the application had no difficulty determining what the tracks being played by the DJ were. That isn't a feat you could pull off in many local bars. The system is also such that while it's loud, it's not blaring.The sound is good and so is the music. The bar is run by DJs for DJs and it really shows. Always great music to be heard at the Common: house, disco, hip hop. The staff is always friendly.The food at the lounge is also excellent with a nice range of affordable entrees and appetizers. They usually have a wine and cheese plate special every Wednesday.There are also rotating art and fashion shows taking place at the lounge on a regular basis.The Common isn't along a strip of bars so it's definitely a destination location. However, it's well worth checking out.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,6/18/2011,19,76,2,3,3>Yum! I cannot wait to go to a buffet... everything I have tried here is delicious and constantly find myself wanting more. During my travels abroad I have been to several of these types of vegetarian restaurants in Asia and craved it when I returned to Canada - now I find out I have one in my backyard?! How awesome is that!! Since I have discovered it I have been to the location twice and got take out once. Each dish that I have sampled is delectable and there is always enough food for leftovers, which makes it even better! So far my favorite is the ginger beef... but I want to try everything to be sure.The ambiance is great! I would describe the décor as "earth-friendly-chic" - the chairs have a truly unique shape and are more comfortable then they appear, I like how open it is (you can see all the way to the back), very light and bright inside, and everything is clean. I also love that so many people can enjoy the same experience (from trendy-hipsters to Asian families); the market for this food seems quite broad. There are two downsides that prevented me from rating it as 5 stars: parking and location. Street parking is hard to find and depending on the time and day you do have to pay at meters; they have some parking around back but not much and it always seems to be full. Even if you find a spot I am always worried my car could be vandalized because of the no-so-friendly neighbourhood that the restaurant resides in. Make sure you take your valuables with you inside and lock your car. Overall: FABULOUS! Now I just wish they would open a location closer to work... I would be there at least once a week!
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/28/2011,6/17/2011,31,124,,6,3>Uncle Ed's is a great place if you have a hankering for Ukrainian food.  They have an authentic, extensive menu, and its all Stawnichy's meat.  I suggest trying the smoked pork chop, over the standard kubasa - you won't be sorry.The prices are reasonable, and the servers are always willing to substitute (no cabbage rolls, extra perogies please), and even let you order off the senior's menu, when you are still years away from that distinction.My only complaint is that the perogies (which is what I am usually hankering) are often hit and miss.  The taste is always good, but are often dried out and tough/chewy.  I don't know if they make a bunch ahead of time and then reheat, but its not unusual to have yummy, tender perogies, and chewy, dried out perogies on the same plate.  Thankfully they are all coated in butter, onions and bacon. All in all, its a perfectly acceptable place to go when you can't count on Baba.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,6/16/2011,155,209,,19,10>I have been a student of Hot yoga for a few years now, and a student of Moksha in particular for just over a year now.  When I started, there was one studio in Edmonton that was increasingly busy as the practice gained a community.  Another studio on the southside was opened last year, and now the most recent Moksha studio in the area, Moksha Sherwood Park in October, 2010.  Of all the studios I have been to, I have to say that this one is where I tend to have my best classes.  The studio itself is gorgeous.  As soon as you enter the door, you are greeted with calm lighting, clean white everywhere and a cool pouted concrete floor.  The change rooms can get a bit crowded as one class is leaving and another is coming, but they are also spotlessly clean and modern.  There are two studios with various classes running at various times.  I often catch a 60 minute class 3-5 times a week with the odd 75 or 90 as well.  There is also Mokshalite classes for beginners who want to ease into the heat, as well as Powerflow for those wanting an added challenge.  The studio also offers Hot Ashtanga and Yin practice a few times a week as well.The studios themselves offer calming music should the instructor choose to incorporate it.  The main studio has a double sided fireplace which adds ambience to the already soothing space.  There is a lounge outside the studios for those wanting to visit before class as the yoga rooms themselves are completely silent at all times.I love this studio with a passion and really enjoy going there.  It is receiving four stars though as it is a lot noisier than other Moksha studios I have been to as the community grows and newer people join and perhaps are not aware of yoga etiquette when they first join.  I am sure this will iron out with time!  I highly recommend checking out their into special of 20$/1week unlimited and there are many payment/class options ranging from 5 class passes to one year unlimited.  The instructors are all GREAT as well as some offer one on one lessons for people wanting some extra help or just a class for themselves or a private group.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,6/15/2011,0,3,,6,4>Last night my boyfriend and I went to Niche to celebrate his birthday and we really enjoyed ourselves! When we arrived for our reservation the table wasn't quite ready, so we grabbed a seat at the bar. As everyone has mentioned, this is a very small restaurant but we found that as soon as we oriented ourselves to the space it didn't feel cramped or crowded. We ordered the beef carpaccio to start and I would categorize it as 'okay'. It was definitely tasty but didn't wow me (it may have been better if we'd ordered our wine with the appetizer instead of with our entrées).   Speaking of wine, they have a great and diverse wine selection. I'm looking forward to going back, grabbing a seat at the bar, and delving a little deeper into the wine list.For entrées, my boyfriend went for the beef cheeks with wild mushroom cream on egg noodles and I went for the duck leg on golden mashed potatoes with lemon thyme gravy. Both were excellent. My bf said that the subtle flavour of the mushrooms really shone in the sauce and, while the egg noodles were a little toothsome, it didn't prevent him from polishing off his entire plate. As for my duck, I thought it was delicious. The richness of the duck leg combined with a tasty, crispy skin was great with the mashed potatoes and especially the gravy. My only complaint was that there wasn't enough gravy - it greatly enhanced the flavor of the duck and my last few bites were gravy-less and thus a little dry.For desert we ordered the flourless brownie with lemon whipped cream and the chocolate-hazelnut bread pudding. The bread pudding wasn't extremely noteworthy - it was fine but I wouldn't order it again. The brownie, on the other hand, was excellent. Dense and chewy, every other bite featured a crunch of salt, which was awesome. The lemon whipped cream was what made the dish though - my bf doesn't like whipped cream (which is very weird I know!) and he couldn't get enough of it! He said it was the best whipped cream he'd ever had and he enthusiastically recommended the brownie to a nearby table that was debating whether or not to order desert.Overall, we had a really great evening. Our server was both laid back and attentive and did a great job, the atmosphere was warm and inviting, and the food was delicious.The menu was very reasonably priced - one reason for this may be that the servings were on the small side. I see this as a virtue though, as I was able to finish both an appetizer and desert, something I'm almost never able to do! In the end our bill came to $130, including an appetizer, two entrées, two deserts, two pints, and a bottle of wine. Very reasonable in my opinion!We left with big smiles on our faces and happy, full bellies. We'll definitely be back!
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2011,6/14/2011,8,13,2,3,3>Went to this little restaurant yesterday for lunch.  Great experience.  I will admit right off that I don't go to Thai restaurants regularly.  I have a peanut allergy, so I'm always a little antsy.I told the server right off that I have an allergy and he helped me pick something without peanuts.  The lunch deal comes with a small but very tasty bowl of lemongrass soup and 2 spring rolls.  Both were great.  Then you get your pick of an entree from a list of about 20 or so items.  The items range from curries to coconut sauces, from pad thai to the Hot Beef Basil entree I had.  My meal was great and a huge portion.  I was, surprisingly, only able to eat half of it and took the rest home for later.  The entree was served with a good helping of rice.  The others with me had pad thai and a thai green curry.  Both look excellent!Now here's the great part... lunch was only $9.95 per person, with drinks on top of that.  Great deal given the quality of food and the quantity you receive.The have some limited parking in the back of the restaurant, with a door that allows access from the back.  Bathrooms were clean and the decor or the restaurant was tasteful.Overall, a great choice for a quick lunch!  If you only have an hour, this place is a great choice!
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2011,6/13/2011,5,5,2,4,3>I've been wanting to try this restaurant for the past few months, and it definitely exceeded my expectations! The service was amazing, the waitress was very helpful with regards to the menu. There was a group of five of us, so we ordered a number of dishes to share. Overall consensus was that the food had amazing flavour!  I really liked the intimate atmosphere. Make sure you make reservations. I'm sad they have to move locations yet again :(
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,6/12/2011,10,42,,7,2>I came to Shanti last winter to get my hair cut and although I've never payed so much for a hair cut in my life..I really enjoyed my experience there. I usually get my hair cut by my friend because I always found that the salons I would go to would "scold" me for dying my hair at home and for having fine hair (like I chose to be born with fine hair!). But Shanti was different because the lady that was working on me actually cared what I wanted. Everything from the shampoo she was using to the oil she used while giving a scalp massage-she asked which one I wanted, let me smell them, and explained the properties of each. And she was well aware of my fine hair and actually gave suggestions as to what could be causing this (like hair ties with metal on them was one). No judgement, no scolding..just some genuine tips.When it came down to getting my hair cut, her and I brainstormed ideas together. While she was cutting we had a really good conversation and she wasn't rushing to get my hair cut, so it was nice and relaxing. I did get some products which I still have and love but I remember not wanting to admit to anyone what my bill was at the end haha..I really would recommend going at least once, especially if you want an actual consultation on the best haircut for your hair type.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,6/11/2011,45,119,2,6,4>Definitely one of the best burgers I've had in the Edmonton area. It's pricier than the regular chain fast food burger joints, but the burgers aren't even in the same league. The burgers are incredibly customizable and often the hardest part of eating there is narrowing down the toppings you want on the burger. Seriously they have everything you could ever want on a burger-- a few types of cheeses, guacamole, different types of mushrooms, and so much more I can't even remember. The meat is prime rib and it's really tasty too. It's usually pretty busy and it takes a few minutes to get your food but it's worth the wait. There's also a TV that shows the status of every order, so you know when yours is coming up next. I usually get the sweet potato fries with garlic mayo (I think) and I've always been pretty happy with them. Been there a few times now and looking forward to going back!
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2011,6/10/2011,18,228,,5,3>I've never been to The Creperie and when people ask me if I want to go there the first thing that comes to mind is, "I'm not in the mood for dessert."  Anyways, a really good friend of mine picked this place for dinner and since I was in the mood for something sweet I decided to go.  Well, where to start?  I fell in love with the setting of the place... a hidden underground get away.  The envrionment was pretty romantic, candle light and dim lights create the perfect mood.  The menu was pretty vast... so there was a lot to choose from.  I decided to get Crepe Cordon Bleu.  It was heaven on earth.  The mix of flavors was so delightful.  I would have licked the plate clean if I wasn't in such a fancy looking place. I can't remember what my friend had but it had something to do with beef tenderloin and he loved it!  The spice was right and he likes his spice.  For the appetizer we got the Croustille Au Fromage which was a seasoned cheese crepe with garlic flavoured dip.  The small basket stuffed us but it was too good to stop eating it.  Everything was amazing... even the dessert!  We shared dish of chocolate ice cream with orange sauce.  It bill was reasonable, considering we could not move after eating all of that yummy food.  I can't wait to go back and try something else on the menu; but than again, the Cordon Blue was sooooo go!  The server we had was helpful and super friendly.  I would recommend this place if you are looking to have a good time with someone over some good food.  Enjoy!
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,6/9/2011,49,125,4,6,4>While on Whyte, Foosh is always a stop that has to be made. I mostly enjoy going to look at their selection of shoes, but their clothing selection is great as well. Foosh is definitely around mid- range for pricing, totally depending on how much you enjoy spending on clothes. I mean if you dabble in Value Village all the time Foosh will be outrageous, but for the quality and brands you get it is fairly priced. There are many unique brands here and the staff is almost always knowledgeable about the clothing. Being a more robust girl, I usually always ask if X is true to its size, and they can either help me find my size or suggest another brand/store where I can find something similar ! If you happen to make it to one of Foosh's awesome sales, make sure you get there early because it'll probably be shopped out of the best goodies before you get there!
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,6/8/2011,5,40,1,5,4>Fresh and customizable, this is one of the best burger places in town. In addition to tasty burgers and lots of topping options, their fries are some of the best you'll find in Edmonton.Service is quick and friendly and the atmosphere is welcoming. Great fast-food option for students at the UofA and much, much better than any burger options right on campus.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2009,6/7/2011,82,54,3,5,5>The brunch is my favourite part of Blue Plate - the standard eggs bacon toast but everything is high quality, as in the bacon is amazing, the eggs are free range and the multi grain toast (and ample jam selection for those who like to have more than just strawberry jam thrown at them) The Eggs Benedict is also a good choice.I would also be amiss if I was to neglect mentioning the fresh baked Maple Glazed Corn Bread - and yes, they use real maple syrup!I'm also a big fan of their Friday Night Specials - there are always 2 options, a meat dish and a veg dish and both always sound spectacular! If I come in on Saturday I will often beg the server to see if there's any of the special left!So far all I have mentioned has been the food, all the other important details are worth a mention as well - friendly servers, quick service, interesting decor. Every coffee mug on every table is unique - as is the lamp! Sometimes the table you get is a bit wobbly and sometimes you really wonder what the artist was getting at with some of the art that is for sale on the walls, but overall it's a great experience and it's our go-to place to eat downtown.Two more quick suggestions - try the Sweet Potato Fries and the Hummus - you will be glad you did!
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2011,6/6/2011,9,130,1,3,4>A great little place tucked away (aren't they always :) )Food just like grandma made. Simple, tasty home cooking!A small menu, made it easy to choose, very nice servers and a homey atmosphere.Great coffee and WONDERFUL Pie!! - did I mention the pie?Well worth the trek to find this place.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,6/5/2011,10,11,2,4,4>Fluid is a special kinda lounge. From 8pm-10pm, you can grab a couple drinks, a table and just relax after a hard day at work with a couple of friends and some good music from the local Dj. From 1030pm-2am....the atmosphere completely changes and the really relaxed quiet little lounge turns into a full on danceclub packed to the door with people even with such a limited space to dance, they're all dancing and having a great time. Great place to come for a drink and relax or get some predrinking in before the party really starts!
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,6/4/2011,7,15,,4,2>This has to be my new FAVORITE date night!When I walked in, I was immediately excited. The ambience is just soo romantic, and it all looks very clean.It's a lot of fun to make your own stir fry, and although it's a little expensive, I will definitely be frequenting this location!!
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,6/3/2011,7,33,4,7,5>I've been anxiously checking their website up to their grand opening. On the first week they opened, I decided to pay them a visit. I ordered the Canadian (cheese, gravy and bacon) in the regular size. They are more pricey than say a poutine from New York Fries, but the ingredients seem to be of better quality, made with real "squishy" cheese and hand cut fries.There are about 20 different flavours ranging from meat lovers to vegetarian to vegan and there are two different gravy options: the traditional and beef. The poutine themselves come in two different sizes: regular (approximately $8) and large (approximately $10).There is not a lot of sitting space- consists of a few tables along the wall. I'm guessing can fit about 10 people inside at a time and there's about 2 tables outside. It's definitely a more "take to go" type place vs. a "sit down and visit" place.I'm not in the neighbourhood often, but when I am next I hope to stop by for another visit.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,6/2/2011,94,253,5,6,5>A north-side gem, the Polish Food Centre boasts an impressive selection of eastern European cold cuts and cheese, as well as a mind-boggling display of Polish dry goods. No fewer than two entire aisles are devoted to pickles. There are chocolates, soups, cereals, canned meats, jams... the list goes on. Spoken English is rarely heard within this store, which allows one to imagine browsing the shelves in Warsaw or Bialystok.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2011,6/1/2011,5,1,2,4,4>Is it just me or does being on 104st make you feel like Edmonton is getting a little bit cooler?I was on the patio at Tzin this last Friday after work. I was impressed by the chic yet casual vibe of the restaurant. The service was excellent; I hadn't had such great servers in a while. It actually felt like they were interested in you as a person, more than a customer to feed and kick out to make room for the next one. I thought that the tapa selection was really interesting. As a low carb eater I was able to enjoy one of them guilt free. I did however find that the servings could have been bigger for the price. The bathroom amenities were impressive. Having access to different toiletries should you need them is greatly appreciated by a lot of women.All in all, a great little restaurant. I'd go back anytime.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2011,5/31/2011,11,39,3,6,5>Twisted Yogurt's Terwillegar location opened April 25, 2011. Hadn't been to the other locations before so it was a new experience for me. Luckily the staff were aware that it might be new for people and were quick to jump in and explain how the whole thing works.You serve yourself and are charged a base price, then an additional amount by weight, being able to choose from a selection of frozen yogurts. Their machines can even blend two different flavors together - you could get chocolate or banana, or you could get chocolate and banana blended together, for example. Various candies and fresh fruits are also available to garnish your creation.Being able to make my own was fun, but I found it too easy to get carried away and when it came time to pay I was a bit surprised at the price (nearly $10). They seemed to have only one cup size when I went (a 16oz, fairly large) - different cup sizes and perhaps an "average price" for each one would be helpful.I'll definitely be going back, but will be sure to be a bit more cautious with my portion!
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,5/30/2011,17,22,3,4,4>Almost a week ago I was driving home from a meeting with my roommate and could've eaten a leg off a table.  My Dad was in from Saskatoon and I was too tired to cook.  My roommate suggested we stop in at Millcreek Pizza as it was on our way home.  We were immediately greeted warmly and asked what we'd like to order.  They answered all our questions cheerfully.  We sat down to wait for our order and were asked if we'd like something to drink.  I said I was fine but my roommate got a can of Pepsi.  The guy behind the counter said he could pay for it when our order was ready.We got the pizza and paid but it wasn't until we got home that we realized we weren't charged for the Pepsi.  The pizza?  It was freakin' awesome!!  The crust wasn't too doughy or burned, but just right.  The sauce was great!  It was kind of spicy.  We ordered a ham and pineapple and a deluxe and got both extra large 16 inch pizzas for $33.  Both pizzas had good toppings and the right amount of cheese.  My Dad, roommate, husband, and I were all impressed by the pizza.Man I'm hungry now!!  I will be heading back there soon!
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,5/29/2011,89,141,3,2,4>My first Theatre Sports experience was phenomenal and I can't believe the value for the money! Also, maybe I was a bit spoiled: I attended their 30th anniversary, so alumni were present, which included celebrities like the Kokanee commercial guys and hometown-boy-done-good Nathan Fillion (if you do not know who he is, we can't be on speaking terms). Though, I feel slightly blasphemous by saying the locals did a wee bit better than Captain Malcolm during the "competition?" Makes me so proud of our local theatre scene!At any rate, soooo much fun watching improv teams compete against each other with audience suggestions. It's a relatively small theatre, so seats at the back (where my friends and I were situated) still had a great view. It's a first-come, first-served seating so if you're enthusiastic to get better seating, come early.After such a rousing evening, I have to say I've become a convert. Will definitely attend again.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/29/2011,5/28/2011,33,149,4,4,2>It looks sophisticated and the menu is sophisticated -- but why does the music have to be loud enough that a person needs to shout for their companion on the other side of the table to hear?  And why does it have to be dance or trance music?  I suppose the market is a "younger crowd" (my god, I can't believe I'm saying that -- I'm NOT that old!) ...Anyhow, I went for the second time after the symphony last Friday night.  Our server took her job seriously and was witty, kind, and discreet even ... yep, I liked her.  I've not met many that meet her level of professionalism.The food and the wine both times I've been have been ah-maaaaaaaaze-ing.  So long as you don't mind not hearing your dates, and if you manage to get a booth rather than sitting at the too high table with leg mangling chairs, you'll love the experience.  :)
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,5/28/2011,95,32,1,12,7>Why 5 out of 5 stars? First, Transcend educates you on coffee. This is most important to me. When purchasing a package of beans to grind at home I am reminded that the glossiness of the bean is not necessarily a sign of freshness. On the contrary. Coffee beans do release oils, naturally. When they sit for long periods of time, the oil, similar to your cooking oil, can go rancid. It is this process that may lead to that strong burnt coffee flavour that leaves a hurtful pit in your stomach. Transcend roasts their own beans. You will never buy a bag of beans that have sat on the shelf for more than 7 days. The result, a very heavenly, clean, full bodied coffee that is brilliant on your palate yet gentle on your stomach the way it should be, unlike other culprits such as Tim Horton's and Starbucks. Transcend also makes personal trips to establish relationships with coffee growers. It's more than fair trade!What I love best at Transcend: Soy Chai Latte! To die for! The best I have ever tasted!
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,5/26/2011,17,36,,5,4>Summary:- delicious broths, perfect noodles and great flavors- vegetarian friendly with unique options- great value for money- friendly owner/manager who interacts with all customers- simple, casual place that isn't in the nicest areaDetailed trip report (May 5, 2011):Went here after a work function tonight with 3 others, We were all in suits and ties and kinda stuck out as the resto is a simple, casual space. The owner joked that we should be dining in one of the pricier downtown restos. We told him that we wanted to go somewhere with great food and the Noodle Maker didn't disappoint!We got 4 different variants of ramen/noodles - dutch apple pulled pork on ramen, grilled onion pork tenderloin ramen with miso broth, spicy neu rou mein (beef brisket/tendon with noodles in five-spice broth) and spicy dan dan mein (ground beef with noodles in miso broth).  I personally had the grilled onion pork tenderloin ramen and I really liked the healthy serving of pork, the sweet grilled onions, and the broth that has a deep meaty flavour which is very comforting. Everyone enjoyed their dishes - all noodles and every bit of broth was finished.Although we all had meat, been here several times before when my wife has had the 'smiling buddha's feast' (various forms of tofu, wheat gluten and veggies) and the 'chou-tofu' (think it's a combo of hoisin and shrimp paste) - she's loved her meals every time and enjoys the uniqueness of the vegetarian dishes.In the end, 4 bowls of noodles and 3 beers ran us just over $60 - GREAT value for money! Will definitely be back.
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2011,5/25/2011,14,8,2,7,3>This bakery is absolute perfection. I have never once been disappointed by a purchase there. The macarons are wonderful, and there are always new flavours to savour. Any of the breakfast treats - scones, croissant, pain au chocolat, etc - are to die for. I've had several of their cakes and pies - The Duke is hands down the best chocolate cake you'll ever eat. Their croissant sandwiches are slightly small (some may say too small - I say you're just leaving room for dessert) but taste wonderful.Go there if you haven't yet. Actually, go now...
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,5/24/2011,65,39,4,6,5>Wunderbar is one of, if not THE Hipsteriest bar in Edmonton.It's a place with both a great local beer selection and a fantastic assortment of teas. The three owners, Craig Martellica, Levi Christensen, and Christoph Janke, always seem to be working, and they'll gladly pour you a pint and tell you which band is going to play next.Wunderbar is a neighbourhood bar where people dance like a mix of junior high awkwardness and characters in a Charlie Brown Christmas special. The patio is one of the finest in the city, looking out onto East Whyte Avenue. The sticky patio tables share many memories, and it seems like sharpies should be included for those sitting outside.The bathrooms - fair warning - are pretty frightening. The walls are covered with sharpied notes from management, and other folks. Meanwhile, the sink and paper towel dispenser are both a bit grungy.Despite that, the atmosphere in Wunderbar is second to none. The people who go to Wunderbar are friendly, which is a nice change from the normal bar scene.  If you're looking for a bar to chill out at, or enjoy some local tunes, Wunderbar is your place!But just FYI: bring cash. The ATM frequently doesn't work.Also - there are occasionally paninis, but it's best to eat first. This isn't a place that serves food.It's important to note that although Wunderbar has been around for a while, this old place is new again. It's been under new ownership since 2010.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2011,5/23/2011,164,49,,4,4>Affogato: espresso poured over homemade delicious gelato.Need I say anything more? This italian cafe offers great coffee, amazing gelato, and delicious europizza. One of my favorite cafe's in the city and I'll be looking forward to their second location!My staple is either their italian breakfast or the pizza.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2011,5/22/2011,50,288,,4,3>I love the Italian Centre Shop. This isn't the type of place you're gonna run to if you just need to pick up a jug of milk. The Italian Centre shop has a great bakery, and deli, as well as produce. I love the olive oil and balsamic vinegar selection the have. I always need to buy their biscotti and cannoli from the bakery. And There's a butternut squash ravioli (n the freezer section) that's delicious. That being said there are also other European foods here a well. Come during the week before noon, and bring a cart because there's a good chance it will get filled up.
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,5/21/2011,21,65,2,4,2>I enjoy this restaurant quite  a bit.  The menu consists of a reasonable variety of healthy dishes, with an emphasis on local and organic ingredients.  The menu is just right because there is enough variety, and yet not diluted a la Americana restaurant.  Make what you know and make it well I always say.    Last time I stopped in I was pleasantly surprised by a skyline view of downtown Edmonton during dinner.  Who knew that Edmonton downtown had a nice skyline?  Must be only from this angle.I have yet to stop in for breakfast on account of my not waking for breakfast hours, but I hear good things about HLD's (yep, that acronym oughta raise my street cred) breakfast menu.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,5/20/2011,40,145,3,6,4>Lunch buffets are tough. You want to eat to get your money's worth but you will be risking the possibility of taking a nap in the afternoon.We made a reservation for 1145 and I was very impressed at how open and large the establishment is.Tables are spread out generously and it was pretty quiet for a Friday lunch.A really nice touch is the fact that while I went up to get my buffet on, they deliver baskets of fresh naan to your table.The buffet tray line is a little underwhelming. There wasn't a large variety of food but the staples were there: basmati rice, butter chicken, beef curry, lentils, tandori chicken, etc.The aroma's were very rich and the butter chicken was velvety smooth. The butter chicken rivals Zaika's in terms of taste and the basmati rice with the black lentils were paired quite nicely.The naan was interesting too as it had a sour-dough taste to it. I don't know what it was but it was a unique take which I didn't mind.All in all, I would highly recommend the for a lunch stop. If you're looking for a dinner meet with friends, I would recommend Zaika over this. Zaika has more of a lounge-y hang out and Haweli's is more of a "Let's talk business while i dip my naan in this delicious butter chicken".Bill came out to about $14 for all you can eat buffet.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,5/19/2011,26,15,,7,4>This is a cute little cafe that I would have missed if it were not 3 blocks from my house.  They serve excellent Transcend coffee and Greenhouse soups and sandwiches.  They also have baked goods including bread for coffee time or to take home with you.Saturday and Sunday mornings they have fresh waffles with berries and either whipped cream or Pinnochio ice cream for (I think)  $7.99.  They make each waffle fresh in the iron when you order it.
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2011,5/18/2011,19,36,3,7,5>Ooh! I love cupcakes! For anyone looking beyond a traditional cake, cupcakes would offer a modern alternative. Stack cupcakes on towering tiers and treat guests to a token of thank-yous. Choose delicious cupcakes for a variety of events -- weddings, baptisms, corporate functions, bachlorette parties, baby showers or anything else.Craves' based in Calgary and I'm so glad they've expanded to Edmonton! They make freshly baked cupcakes every morning; whoppie pies, cakes, cookies and 13 variety of cupcakes, from reg. size or mini(s):1. Va Va Vanila2. Nutty Over Chocolate3. Lemon-Lime Twist4. Peppy Pattie5. A Lovely Bunch of Coconuts (Vanilla)6. A Lovely Bunch of Coconuts (Chocolate)7. Crave-O-Licious8. The Princess (Vanilla)9. The Princess (Chocolate)10. Dirty Blonde11. Just Chocolate12. Red Velvet Elvis13. Dark Angel If you go to their website, there should be a recipe for the best Fudgey Brownie. Ummm...Crave-O-Licious!
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,5/17/2011,27,123,,5,4>Although it is in the middle of nowhere, it is definitely worth the trip.A large selection of wines and spirits but catering towards the mid to high end of product lines.  A very nice scotch selection with quite a few I don't see very often.They claim to have the best selection of beers in the south end, with the north going to Sherbrooke.  This is probably true, it is impressive.  With a focus on Canadian craft breweries.  Well laid out and to be honest sometimes too much selection can intimidate or annoy, I think they have just enough for everyone without it being overwhelming.Their prices are a bit high, 10% more than I have seen elsewhere but with a nice shop and selection I don't mind paying a premium.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,5/16/2011,46,142,3,5,5>Long lines, worth the wait....guard your spot, the natives will sneak in if they see the chance to get their fix a few seconds sooner (yes this has happened to me).The coffee is beautifully roasted and the baristas know their stuff. It is a shame to cover their art with a lid.  I've only had the latte so far, but the espresso has the carmelly finish that I love balanced against a smooth dark earthy base. I need to get an espresso, they are just over too darn quick.Don't go if you think Timmy's the ultimate or Starbucks is expensive.Do go if you love coffee like what you would find at Cafe Artigiano.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,5/15/2011,509,247,,5,4>Nothing fancy in this little cafe, it is just a little diner that serves breakfast and lunch meals. BUT the breakfast is very good and reasonably priced. $5.49 for ham or sausages or bacon with eggs, hash browns, and toast. $10 for steak and eggs. Free refills on the coffee. Of course there are some other options and specials as well. I have been here numerous times for breakfast and have never been disappointed. Come before or after the lunch crowd. Simple but decently prepared food and fast service. Works for me. Check this little diner out.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,5/14/2011,85,580,,3,5>I love coming to this little park on a warm summer's day, it's just so full of life! It's not big like Hawrelak or Emily Murphy Park, just a little triangle of grass and wooden benches really, but it's got it's own special feeling.The park is named after the late Constable Ezio Faraone, who risked his life chasing after a pair of burglars, who I think had robbed a bank. Sadly, the young Constable died from the incident. There's a statue dedicated to his memory in the park though, so his memory lives on.On a typical sunny afternoon, there are people doing yoga, walking their dogs, dogs playing with one another, people running the flight of stairs down to the river valley, even playing the banjo!The best days are clear summer afternoons, when it just seems like it's you and the expansive blue sky. Autumn is great too, because the river valley becomes a sea of gold, red and copper.It's a beautiful way to remember someone special.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,5/13/2011,50,158,8,6,4>"Jane! I'm home!"  Yep, if the Jetson's had a local cafe, it'd be Leva.  All those flatscreen menus, curvy chrome and plastics, bright whites and oranges.  It's that Jetson's optimistic future and coffee, too! I love the place.  You'd half expect Elroy and Astro to be hanging out in the back.Not without irony, it's the technology that turns out cup after cup seemingly perfect espressed coffee.  The machines used at Leva combine heat, pressure and filtration to produce espresso as an art form with perfect taste and crema.  You get the full taste of the roast without developing any bitterness.  You can actually buy one of these machines from them; they've got a showroom in the back.There is a real argument that Leva makes the best cup of coffee in town, and in all the styles and variations, add to that, thin crust Neopolitan style pizza, hot and cold panini, soups, salads, pastries and artisan gelato, you end up dropping in a lot.Leva is one of the reasons I feel blessed to live in Garneau. As I found out this Winter,  I can actually get into the front door from my door before I can get a chance to feel cold, even in minus 30 wind chill.Actually, forget what I said, don't go there ... I hate waiting for my coffee.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2011,5/12/2011,31,31,3,11,7>I work next to the Tree Stone Bakery and have had the pleasure of trying their bread a few times, even though I am trying to stay away from eating bread.  Working next door to that aroma makes it a little hard to resist.Everyone likes to cry about the new ownership, and how it's "not what it used to be" but let's just take a second here to appreciate a great little business for what it is.Now I know that the former owner of this bakery gem was loved and respected but she moved on and sold the business to a new owner who has bread in his genetics by the sound of things.  A bakery is a wonderful thing to support, especially on 99th Street where cute boutique stores should be worshiped, not shunned. This is why...  As a resident of the Mill Creek area, I am afraid of beautiful businesses like Tree Stone not making it.  If Tree Stone ceased to exist, some Money Mart, or sketchy Donair place would open in it's place!  After all, the former owner left because her nose was broken in a break in!  Do we want more people like this in a neighbourhood that needs a little help?  I didn't think so.So come and get your Sour Dough, even if the new Tree Stone no longer imports their flour from France.  Their bread is still better than any bakery in this city.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,5/11/2011,32,58,3,14,3>I'm a bit shocked that no one has reviewed El Rancho before. This is a restaurant that has been talked about a bunch online, and in newspapers; I was first introduced to it by one of Scott McKeen's excellent articles in the Journal.There are many restaurants in the city that claim to be "authentic" but I often wonder how authentic they really are. "El Rancho" isn't one I wonder about; the family-owned business was started by immigrants from El Salvador. The first time we went to the restaurant I overheard Spanish, lots and lots of Spanish, both from the staff, and the patrons. Honestly, I felt as though I was in LA, not Edmonton.El Rancho is called a "Spanish Restaurant," and they serve Mexican and El Salvadoran food. We usually get various appetizers, and maybe a main course. Here are some highlights of the menu:Pupusas: corn tortillas stuffed with mozzarella cheese, fried beans, and seasoned pork for $2.50 each - or you can make your own, choosing from 5 different fillings (two per pupusas) for $3.Tamales: corn-flavoured dough with chicken, potatoes and garbanzo beans. Two of them for $4.25.Flautas: fried tortillas with chicken or tofu, carrots, and onions. They top them with lettuce, sour cream, and a bit of tomato sauce. 3 of them for $6.95. My wife loooves these.They also have quesadilla's, tacos, enchiladas, hot wings with grilled chorizo sausage, and a sampling plate for two which includes 2 flautas, 2 tacos, and two enchiladas.Main courses include salads, fish dishes, steak, burritos, enchiladas, tacos, and a few chicken dishes. If you're still hungry, or save space, there are three desserts as well; flan, tres leches (three milk cake), and Mexican fried ice cream. The restaurant is licensed, so you can get a beer, or a red or white house wine.I've uploaded some photos of a few dishes we had, so you can get an idea of what the food looks like, and what they come with (many dishes come with salads, or other garnishes, for example).The restaurant recently went through a renovation, but it's still sparsely decorated, and I found the chairs to be slightly uncomfortable (though that's probably more to do with my long legs than the actual chair - "normal" people should be fine).The restaurant isn't very large; there are two seating areas, the main area which holds 46 people (10 tables of 4, and 1 table of 6), and the smaller bar area with 3 tables of 4 people. They can arrange the tables to fit larger groups (there was a table of 8 the night we went).If you come here, please be aware that the service lacks a little bit. It's never been horrible, and the servers are very pleasant, it's just that sometimes it takes a long time to get something you've asked for, and other times they don't come at all. When we went the other day I asked for some extra sauce, which they sell for $0.50, to go with my tamales, but it never came. That ended up being fine as we ordered too much food, and we took it to go (warning, tamales are NOT good reheated the next day - if you order them, eat them there). We've had some other problems with not getting certain things in the past; it's something we just accept when we go there, so it doesn't bother us that much, but this is what's keeping the restaurant from earning top marks.We've enjoyed our meal every time we've been to "El Rancho," and I recommend you check it out for some good, authentic El Salvadoran food. Expect great food, just not excellent service.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,5/10/2011,187,341,5,13,9>Whoa whoa whoa - hold the phone! Do we have a new contender for my new favourite lunch spot downtown?! I think we do!I've often walked by the little sandwich board sign outside the First National Bank building on my way to the library; the black one with multi-coloured words that look like those magnets you put on the fridge as a kid. Then, earlier this week, the place came up in conversation with another downtown friend, and he had nothing but good things to say about it. It is owned by the same people who used to own a place called Whole in the Wall Cafe that closed a few years ago. I had a lunch date with my aunt this week, so I figured it was the perfect opportunity to check them out. Go to where the sandwich board is to get to the cafe. You'll go up a couple of stairs and there it is! The space is actually a lot bigger and airier than I expected it to be - nice. There are five or six tall tables there. It wasn't full, so we got a table right away. The menu is above the counter, again in those cute fridge magnet-y letters. There were about four soup choices (all vegetarian), some sandwiches, salads, and the hot plates. Today there was a sirloin quesedilla, ravioli, vegetarian burrito, a quiche, a calzone, and a couple of other things. They all come with salad, or salad and potatoes. I had the quesedilla ($12) and my aunt had the burrito (I think $10.50 or $11). Both of our dishes were delicious, light and filling. The people that work here are the kind of people I love. So nice, so friendly, and obviously care about the people that come to the business they so clearly love. I have an hour for lunch. We were done our meals within about 35 minutes and just chilled the rest of the time. It's important for me, if I'm going to spend my hard earned dollars at lunchtime rather than bringing from home, not to feel rushed and wait around forever for the food. I probably normally wouldn't rave above a place so openly after only going there once, but I could really feel it with this place, you know? Great food, great people, and really convenient for the downtown lunch crowd. I already have two more lunch dates set up to go here - can't wait!CASH ONLY!UPDATE! May 10, 2011 - I've been meaning to update this review for a while! Since I wrote my first review, I've been to The Sequel a dozen more times and I love it more than I did at first! There is now a tie for my favourite meal there - the veggie burrito or the calzone! Shyla, Dale and Brian are super great, friendly, remember your likes and dislikes, etc., and the food is always delish!
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2011,5/9/2011,220,814,3,6,3>Euro Taste needs better signage - or at least a front facade remake. This used to be the location of a sports bar of questionable repute, and even more questionable health standards. It has been completely reinvented as a Balkan restaurant. However, had a friend not stumbled upon it once evening on a walk around the McCauley neighbourhood, I would have kept thinking it was a sports bar.In the spirit of adventure we went there for supper. The interior of the bar portion has a similar layout as before, but is now clean as a whistle. Walk through the bar and you will end up in the dining area. It is small but can seat around 40 people. We found out this fact because that evening the dining room was completely reserved and we had to eat in the bar area.Our friendly server was eager to explain the various items on the menu, which is limited, but has interesting choices. The back pages features soups, salads, and daily specials, which are a selection of stews. All of the specials run for around $10, but only one is featured per day. I was disappointed by that, as I was looking forward to beef stew. Another day, perhaps.Everything on the front page of the menu is available, and includes kebabs, steak, and various chicken dishes. All of the meals come with roasted vegetables (grilled along with the meat) and small, round, soft potatoes. These meals will only set you back around $10-$17. We shared some beef kebabs and grilled chicken thighs. The meat was simply presented - marinated and grilled to perfection - and full of grilled flavour. Two desserts were available, but not on the menu itself. One involved custard and cream, and the other apple. We were both too full to contemplate, but I would definitely try them another time. Same for the soup, which is made from scratch using local ingredients.Beverages here are simple. There is a cooler full of pop, juices, and a limited selection of beers, both domestic and imported. Same for other kinds of spirits - there is a limited selection of alcoholic drinks, and two kinds of wine. Euro Taste also offers catering and party platters of meat and cheese. I really hope more people find out about Euro Taste. It adds another level of cultural food to a multicultural area - and it is delicious!
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2010,5/8/2011,95,180,10,32,18>This is it - my newest true love in the world of Edmonton thrift. I'm so into it I barely want to expose its existence to the outside world but they could use all the support they can get. Located one door down from the west end Value Village, Discount Thrift Store really lives up to its name - most items of clothing are a dollar, even gorgeous '60s dresses and cool vintage tees. I've purchased whole encyclopedia sets for a dollar, unopened rolls of vintage wallpaper for a quarter, and possibly the cutest stuffed dog on earth for a dime (he's now named Ziggy, and he lives in the backseat of a 1957 Chevy Bel-Air).Whenever I've got donations to be made, I drive straight across the city to plop them in Discount Thrift's bin. Keep true thrift alive, and stop in here before paying the big bucks to VV next door.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,5/7/2011,67,269,,6,4>My boyfriend and I stopped here for lunch after an afternoon of shopping in City Centre mall. We each got a half sandwich: mine had chicken, apples, spinach, fig jam and baked brie, and his was turkey and artichokes. The prices were pretty reasonable... comparable to Subway for sure, except that the quality is much better. My sandwich was much bigger than I was expecting... part of me wonders if they messed up and gave me a full sandwich? I was satisfied after half of my "half", and had to share the rest. I'd definitely recommend it for a quick downtown lunch. It was pretty quiet on a Saturday, but I imagine (hope?) that it's much busier during the week.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,5/6/2011,96,96,1,5,2>I. Love. D'Lish. I have been twice, once with a friend and once with my fiance. My friend was the one who introduced me to the place and told me that we had to try the 7 selection Faith Taste. It was amazing, which is why I decided to bring my fiance there for his birthday. We opted for the Faith Taste again (as they change what is served ever so often) and we also went with the wine pairing. I think next time I go I am not going to go with the wine pairing just for the fact that I wanted more wine! It was a really tiny glass, with a very small portion of wine and really we only got two different wines to taste and one port. I loathe port. While the food was amazing (especially the scallops and I don't even like scallops) my second visit seemed to not actually fill us up as a full meal might have. And to pay that much and still be hungry...The server was great though, very knowledgable and I love the chic decor and feel to the restaurant. It's so intimate and relaxing. I'll be back for the next menu change. I wonder if I will ever order off the menu myself...
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2010,5/5/2011,73,717,3,13,8>If you are WEM-phoebic, there's plenty of fantastic clothes shopping outside of our big, bad mega-mall!I love how the 124 St. district is shaping up into a coffee, art, boutique and restaurant mini-mecca. Shades of grey is located just around the Jasper/124 St. bend, near Matahari, Yo Mamma and a handful of other trendy shops and eateries. If you like to wear more unique brands, this store carries lines from New York and L.A., including Line & Dot, Anlo and Yumi Kim. The quality is fantastic - luscious, cozy, elegant fabrics and designs - sexy & sophisticated, inspired by more than a hint of Paris, and most of the pricing is reasonable, although there are a few higher-end price tags about the store. The next time I need a little retail therapy, I'm there - no shades of grey about it.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,5/4/2011,16,84,2,12,4>Veggie-Garden offers authentic Indian Vegetarian food! Being a vegetarian is hard in Edmonton (being a vegan is near impossible). I was thrilled to find out that another vegetarian restaurant had opened up in Edmonton. I LOVE this restaurant for many different reasons. The service is fantastic and everyone who works there is very helpful and efficient. You can order out, eat in from a menu, or opt for the buffet. Regardless of what you choose the service is perfect.The prices are phenomenal, if you choose to go for the buffet, for only $12.00 you get a huge range of food, everything from pakora, to palak paneer, to chana masala. The menu prices are equally fair (and you get huge portions).The food is a-m-a-z-i-n-g! I love Indian food and have eaten at dozens of Indian restaurants but this place wins as my favorite. The naan bread is delicious and as it stands, my favorite in the city. The restaurant is clean, the food is amazing, and the service is flawless.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2010,5/3/2011,78,111,1,10,10>Blues on Whyte is my most frequented watering hole. Why? THE MUSIC. As Edmonton's main live blues venue, the place is sensational. Okay, it's a dive bar, but that's part of it's charm in a way, as it's completely unpretentious, laid back and relaxed. You get a lot of bikers, and it looks less than salubrious, but I always feel comfortable inside, no matter how small a group I'm part of. The staff is relaxed but good; they're happy to bring you your drinks or have you wander up to the bar, and they don't bug you about buying multiple drinks even if you're there for the entire evening. And the music... the music is simply incredible. It's free on weeknights, and only $5 cover on Fridays and Saturdays. And for this, you get some of the top blues acts out there! The music ranges from original 20's blues and jazz, to big band, to late 60's/70's blues/funk to 'modern' jazz and the recent retro blues. What I especially love is the dance floor: As a swing and blues dancer, it's often hard to find venues that are a) receptive and b) have enough room to actually execute swing steps. The floor here is big enough for about half a dozen couples and anyone else who feels like dancing, in good condition, and I've never heard a complaint from the staff about the crazy dancers who come in so frequently and order tons of water but very little liquor (swing dancing and drinking mix as well as driving and drinking). Everyone also seems to understand it's a real dance floor: no one takes their drinks out there, so it remains in good shape and I never have to worry about what my dance shoes are going to encounter (well, at least not until I head back to my seat). Yes, it's a dive, yes, some of the clientele are dodgy, yes it most DEFINITELY needs a good scrub, but it's a blues bar and the edge BOW has makes the perfect backdrop for listening to music that was always supposed to be gritty, raw and real.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,5/2/2011,0,8,1,8,4>Nice art supply store. I was shopping for pencils and they have Derwent Faber-Castel, Straedtler, etc ... the gooders. But also the usual stuff for art supplies: canvas', paper, oil paints, easels etc ...Oh and they give you 10% if you taking a course and you buy your supplies of them! Sweet.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,5/1/2011,292,404,,22,8>The Organic box is a grocery box delivery system with an emphasis on delivering organic groceries.  They strive hard to deliver local produce, however in winter that becomes a difficulty.  Yet, they manage to stick to local dairy & eggs which is great. The price is reasonably decent, if you ask me.  I get the Single's Box which costs $35 and includes a variety of organic fruits and vegetables.  I must emphasis that the $35 that you spend on this box is more than sufficient in terms of 5 -7 meals of food that include vegetables in it.  However, additional money will be spent by people on things like dairy, grains, eggs, lentils and so on.  Most of these things can be bought at an additional cost and added to your weekly box.  I usually get a loaf of bread, six eggs and either milk or yogurt.  All in all, I spend roughly $50 a week on my organic groceries.  Of course, I cook some form of meat (fish, poultry included) about twice a week and would add that to my weekly expense on groceries.Of course, the greatest aspect of the Organic Box is that you get fresh, local groceries on a weekly basis.  What I've also realized is that via this delivery system, I have a fixed amount of money spent monthly on groceries. (roughly $200 + extra on meats, rice etc.).  However, the best part about the Organic box is that I get to experiment like hell!  Instead of going to a grocery store and picking your favorite vegetables (mind you, I'm a foodie), it's great to have the restrictions of what is actually available in farms at a particular time of the year.  In that sense, I've learned new recipes with kale, chard, shitake mushrooms in pasta, fresh dill flavored brown rice, frittatas with mushrooms, beefsteak tomatoes, chard  and other such delicious things I wouldn't have bothered to pick up otherwise. If you're up for the challenge to try something new and exciting in your kitchen and have access to a fixed expense organic food delivery sysetm, the Organic box is for you!  I've noticed that whenever I go to Save on foods or Planet Organc, I end up spending money on things that I don't really need.  With an online interface that shows you exactly how much you're spending before you actually spend it, this controls my expenses greatly!  Very satisfied :-)
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,4/30/2011,28,41,,4,4>I took my four year old daughter here for a little 'date' today, and it was a big hit! My choc-aholic kid went with the 'Brunette', a very moist chocolate cupcake with chocolate butter cream (icing to us regular joe's). Bless my soul, I opted for the 'Elvis'; a banana cupcake with peanut butter icing, and it was so good I had to take one home for my wife as well. I'm all shook up!Great for cupcakes, and the only thing that would make it better is if they eventually introduced specialty coffees to sip while enjoying one of their wee cakes. Although they would probably need more staff and seating if they did this as well.The ladies running the place were super friendly, and the atmosphere is trendy yet relaxed. Keep up the good work, I will be back!
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,4/29/2011,8,130,6,8,5>If you're a vegetarian or eaten within the last 48hrs don't go here. Unlimited all you can eat BBQ meats and salad bar. There are 10 different types of meat available, great choices 1. Sirloin 2 types of seasoning available 2. Flank Steak 3. Boneless Lamb 4. Bacon wrapped chicken...had me at bacon 5. Chicken wings 6. Chicken hearts...it's different, I had to try it 7. Sausage.. made at Pampa 8. Pork lion a bit over cooked couple of other beef cuts ...it's all a blur ....you must love meat because it's $45 per person, so get your fill. I've been to different Brazilian steakhouses and Pampas has a great selection for salad bar. The decor is a modern open design. The only drawback is it was the whole restaurant was smokey from the BBQ and not enough ventilation. I had to shower after dinner to rid myself of the smoke. Everyone was nervous from the server to all the carvers that come around with huge machetes that slice off pieces of meats from a long skewer right beside you. I have to admit, I too was a bit nervous as they were holding the knife at the table.
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,4/28/2011,2,8,,6,4>There is no doubt that the chocolate selection at this small shop is to die for. However, I suggest you try the Gelato. This is one of the few places in Edmonton to have artisianal gelato. It is made weekly on site and the ingredients are fresh and second to none. It is a treat you won't soon forget. I have had gelato all over the place including Italy and I have to say this is the best! The selections are always fresh and changing. YUMMMO!!!!!! So do yourself a favor...have a gelato and don't forget to have some chocolate as well! A true find in Edmontopn.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2008,4/27/2011,30,60,,6,2>Put simply, High Voltage is the best donair and gyro place in the city. Whether you prefer the sweet sauce they use on the East Coast or the more common sour sauce, there is a donair for you at High Voltage.While most donair places offer just one type of donair, High Voltage has a good variety of donairs and gyros. I don't recall the exact number of different types, but there are at least four. In addition, High Voltage also offers several types of panini.I've eaten at High Voltage a number of times and I've tried just about everything on the menu. I have yet to have a bad experience. If you're a fan of donairs, you're sure to become a fan of High Voltage from the first bite.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,4/26/2011,7,20,3,4,3>After driving through a blizzard to get here, we were ready for a yummy meal and a cozy yet elegant atmosphere. It had been a heck of a week, which included our son getting suspended from school, The dog eating my hair extensions and my sons new skull candy headphones , so my husband and I were ready for a relaxing fun evening, and Sabor delivered.  The atmosphere was cozy, fun, and the live music set the mood.  I had the salt cod which was really delicious and best of all, was served piping hot!  The owner greeted us on the way out and thanked us for coming, a very nice, personal touch.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2011,4/25/2011,14,25,,9,6>Mmm this is one of Edmonton's best kept secrets! A cozy, clean and family run business that is excellent for takeout and to sit down. It may look like a hole in the wall but it is definitely not. I highly recommend the War Wonton soup! Tasty broth filled with massive dumplings huge shrimps and thick slices of beef with some veggies, the perfect comfort food for a chilly Edmonton day. The shrimp fried rice is the probably the best rice I have ever had, sometimes I get cravings for it and must have it! nom nom nom...The decor is simple and eclectic with pictures of foreign places and delicious food. This place is definitely nothing fancy or 5 star but it is great for just hanging out or taking a date for good food at a very good price. There is also tons of parking so that is never a problem. The only complaint I have is when dealing with the owners teenage kids who also work there, who can sometimes be slightly rude and make you feel rushed. At one time my boyfriend was calling in an order for pickup and the kid taking the order was putting his hand over the phone and saying "I can't understand this guy! What is he saying? OMG!", I think he thought we couldn't hear him ha ha ha.Check it out, you will not be disappointed, they also have many signature dishes such as the peach shrimp, which are excellent!
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,4/23/2011,5,7,3,4,5>Zenari's in Manulife Place is an excellent restaurant for those who wish to have a healthy lunch in a great central downtown location surrounded by expensive shops such as Holt Renfrew, Henry Birks and Sons, Henry Singers, and Jamison's Opticians.   The food selection is fantastic, however, it is a little bit pricey.  There are many different types of food to choose from such as vegetarian, chicken, beef, and pasta.  The staff is very friendly and willing to help out.  Any customer at this eatery will be satisfied with the great food and great service at this fine establishment.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2011,4/22/2011,1,3,,5,5>I tried out this restaurant the other night with my husband. My first time trying Indian food. The experience was great! The staff was friendly and the service was great. We even had the chef come out and talk to us with some suggestions for our next visit on how to pair some of the dishes together.I will definetly be back!
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2010,4/21/2011,4,12,,3,4>Fabulous.  We went for the buffet, and were hugely wowed by it.  Everything was fresh and well maintained, wonderfully spiced.   Ordered a chai and some beer.  I was amazed at how often they came to refill water and the chai.  Well done, everybody.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2009,4/20/2011,3,5,6,6,3>This is my new favorite Sunday Brunch spot! The food is to die for, the feel is very homey and the service is incredible. All the staff are incredibly friendly, especially Ernie who always strokes the ladies egos. "Hi Beautiful!" "Hello Sexy!" & "Hey Gorgeous!" can be heard whenever a woman enters a restaurant. Who isn't a sucker for compliments like that? As for the food so far my husband and I have tried the Eggs Bennedict (AMAZING), the German Pancakes (ALL TIME FAVORITE) and the Cordeon Bleu & Eggs. (Very Tasty!) Whatever standard I had for Brunch before has officially been raised. Yay Barb & Ernies!!!
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,4/19/2011,2,17,,7,2>Each location, has the BEST cappuccino and espressos in town! Their foods are also very very good, including the indulgence of the occassional dessert!Anytime I need a good coffee to get me through the day this is the place to stop!
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2011,4/18/2011,53,82,,5,4>Elm Cafe may be a small shop, but what it lacks in size it more than makes up for in quality and outstanding service.Owner Nathan Box can be frequently seen behind the counter slinging coffee drinks -- make with 49th Parallel beans, which at the time of this writing, are exclusive to Elm in Edmonton. I frequently order a large latte from Elm, and am consistently impressed with how fantastic it is. Come to Elm and you'll experience one of the very best lattes in the city.Beyond coffee drinks, Elm also has a frequently-changing menu of breakfast and lunch sandwiches. They change frequently because Box uses nothing by fresh ingredients from local food suppliers. But the food creations at Elm are to die for, and the ever-changing menu is refreshing.If you'll looking for a quick drink or a great meal and you haven't checked out elm yet, you are truly missing out on one of this city's great cafes.
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,4/17/2011,20,116,1,3,6>Found this restaurant, in the middle of La Cite' Francophone, looking for a new place to go.  VERY nice place to go :-]  It is situated in the building and there is signage to direct you to it.  It is a small place (maybe 20 tables, max), however, from the looks of the patrons, it is a "neighbourhood gem" and there is reason.  We got in and were quickly seated (given the size and potential for popularity, it opened only this past November), I would suggest reservations--you can do it online and they actually call you back to confirm :-)...WHAT a concept (do you hear me folks at Corso 32??!!)On to the food and service.  Service was very good; our waiter and manager came by frequently to check on our wine glasses and to ask if we needed anything during the evening without being intrusive.  To start, we were offered a small slice of duck prosciutto with bread--nice.When you read the menu, you may find yourself smiling a bit since some of the dishes they have are tipo, "Macaronis au fromage", however don't let that fool you....it does have a twist that is quite enjoyable (from what I could tell from the person at the next table :-]).  Instead, I ordered the Seared Sablefish with Quinoa Risotto.  It was VERY delicate and very good.  It was also served with a small ceramic pot of roasted vegetables.  My companion, had the English Pea and Quinoa Risotto (also very nice and delicate in flavour) topped with large slices of porcini mushrooms.  For appetizers, I ordered the Pate', which was nice and though the menu indicates "served with a warm baguette", I had instead slices of baguette and nut and cranberry crisps (in honesty, I enjoyed the crisps more than the bread--I am Italian, bread [good bread at that], is a BIG deal) and my companion had the Tuna Tacos (I did say they have some items that would make you chuckle with a question mark...), which were quite good and tasty for him.  The restaurant is well-appointed with just enough lighting and traffic to be enjoyable without being loud.For dessert, I have to say, my companion had the better one:  The Tarte Tartin aux Poires.  It is a really nice tarte baked in its own individual cast iron skillet and accompanied with a scoop of maple and bourbon ice cream which they make in house. I had the Almond Cake.  It was good, however, not what I expected--not to take away from it, but you know how it is when you have a vision of what something may look like and it doesn't.  It was moist and quite good, all in all.In all, I do wish this spot was closer to where we live as it is a place we would like to return :-]  It is easy, yet a spot for a tete-a-tete with someone you want to spend "quality time" for sure :-]
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,4/16/2011,23,24,2,15,8>Background - I had booked wedding hair & make-up services with a local spa/salon which had been reccomended to me by a friend.  This other salon was not returning phone calls to me, when I showed up there they let me know they were in the process of selling the salon & there would be no issues.I was approached by a former employee there who said she'd be able to accomedate my whole wedding party - however, I had difficulty in reaching her at times as well....this was 2 weeks before my wedding.So....I showed up at M.U.D. on a Saturday morning with a friend...and explained the situation to Dana...she was supportive, professional & kind - she immediately consulted with her team which included Jess, Jen & Blair & let me know they would make special arrangements to accomedate my wedding party!I had a great consultation with Blair (who is FABULOUS btw!) - I feel he really listens to what I'm saying.  My hair received a much needed TLC from him & we proceeded with a trial for my wedding hair after looking at pictures of the dress, veil & examples of what I liked.On the wedding day the whole team was there, all of my bridesmaids raved about their stylist.  Our make up looked gorgeous in person, and in the pictures!  The whole morning (despite how very early it was) was light hearted & fun!  What a great start to such a special day!  :)I've been back to Blair since that time & love the job he does each time - he is funny, professional & just an overall sweetheart!  He gives the best head & neck massages & I really trust him to give me a stylish cut that suits me (both in appearance & maintanence)...  Love M.U.D.!
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2010,4/15/2011,50,5,1,12,5>A nice little Jasper Ave. institution. The first Wednesday of every month they have Jamaican food and bottles of Red Stripe on special. By Jamaican food I mean delicious jerk chicken and a couple of different types of roti. I typically hit it after work, around 5 when it opens, and it is usually not very busy. The menu is definitely a step above your usual pub far. The crostinis are super tasty. Something to keep in mind, there is only one chef and if he's busy, you're going to have to wait.
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,4/14/2011,58,8,,4,4>Whether it's soup and sandwich during your lunch hour or after work for a glass of wine, MRKT is a great new addition to downtown Edmonton's dining options. While a sandwich and soup will set you back about about $15, it's a quality fare and a cut above the chain eateries downtown. Good wine list and decent selection of import beers. The woody design of the place, low lighting and communal table seating make this an intimate spot for a drink before a night on the town.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2011,4/13/2011,15,5,,6,3>When I took a 5:30 reservation for a Saturday night (because that's what was available even when booking a week in advance) I thought it might be odd to be eating a swank meal that early. But being warmly welcomed by all the staff, including chef Daniel and Ben, seated in the cozy room, surrounded by other eager diners, and overwhelmed with the quality, creativity and tastiness of the food, completely negated any strangeness attached to the hour. These guys know how to cook meat. The only dish we had that didn't have a hefty portion of delicious, local, melty, and perfectly-prepared meat... was desert. And that was OK with us. Cured duck with fresh fava beans on crostini, spare rib, arugula and pear 'salad',  lamb lion and sausage, 48 hour flank steak... so much meat, but so, so good. If you're a vegetarian, maybe this is not the best choice, but carnivores will most certainly rejoice here. It was actually great to be finished and have the whole night still ahead of us, as there are now a growing number of options for evening fun downtown. We walked past again at around 11 and the joint was still bustling with amazing smells wafting out the door, and I was just about ready for another round.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,4/12/2011,19,76,,25,4>This spa is located in Campbell Business Park across from the casino in St. Albert. Locally owned and operated this spa is geared toward relaxation and rejuvenation in a calming setting. I have been going to Mimosa since they opened in March 2010 and have experienced several exceptional services - pedicure, facial, manicure, and waxing to name a few. All of the staff are professionally trained and extremely knowledgeable of all the services offered. I had returned from a 4 month trip to a more humid climate (let's be honest, it is hard to go somewhere that isn't more humid then Edmonton) and was having trouble with breakouts on my face - I didn't know which facial would be best. But I didn't need to worry as the owner was able to tailor a facial specifically to my needs. I was very impressed with the results and feel that helped my skin adjust overall to being back in Edmonton. My favorite service is the pedicure. You can select between several options - I generally go with the Express Pedicure and then every once in a while spoil myself and splurge on the Signature Pedicure. They have the big relaxing massage chairs so the whole time your feet and lower legs are being pampered you can also be enjoying a back and neck massage.Mimosa also offer a membership for regular visitors - the membership has several benefits including discounts on all services so I think it is worth it even if you only go a couple times in a year.I love Mimosa and will continue to return regularly. I have also referred family and friends and they have all had the same wonderful experience as I do.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2010,4/11/2011,39,733,2,4,3>Tokyo Express is really good.  I don't think people give them enough credit.I love the Mexican rolls and I love the California rolls.  I've also had the spicy tuna and it was really good too. I don't often get the beef or chicken bowls.  If I want something like that, I go to Edo Japan.  But when I want sushi, I go to Tokyo Express.The Mexican rolls are so good.  They are spicy (and even more spicy with my soy sauce/wasabi concoction).  I love them.They are really efficient here too.  Even when they are busy, everything moves smoothly and everyone works together like a well-oiled machine. Tokyo Express = Yummy!
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2011,4/10/2011,1,3,,2,4>For years I have found the staff at GPM very welcoming. When it was time for me to buy my first brand new guitar, this store was simply convenient among three others along the blue mile but was the only store willing to let me try every guitar in the store in the most literal sense where others would show fading interest (not an unreasonable attribute). For that reason alone they gained my business. Now it is an inconvenient trek but one I still make when I plan to purchase something larger.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2011,4/9/2011,7,23,3,5,4>After hearing alot of good things about their beer cheese I decided to try it for myself.I'm not a cheese expert. My experience with cheese has primarily been with cheddar, marble and mozzarella (the normal... not fancy). So going in I didn't have any special expectations.I was pleasantly surprised with the beer cheese. It's in the shape of a cheese string and can get it in either mozzarella or a mix of mozza and cheddar. I opted for the mixed. The cheese is very salty but in a good way. The texture is kind of sinewey (is that even a way to describe it?). Anyway I really liked it.  I like the idea that they make all their cheeses. The price that is on the package is the price you pay (no added taxes.. it's already in the price). They also have a small selection of European foods (candy, pop, sauces) and next door they have a restaurant (which I havn't yet tried... I hope to on my next trip since they boast to have the best poutine)on a side note: If you go to the Strathcona Farmers market (which is on saturdays) they have a stall there.I definitely have plans on going back and trying their other cheeses!
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2009,4/8/2011,155,209,2,5,5>My guy took me to Louisiana Purchase to celebrate the start of my 27th year of life. I had frequently told him I wanted to try it so I was very excited to finally get to go. The restaurant itself is not overly large with comfortable tables and chairs and a definite New Orleans feel to it. We sat at a table for two and listened to the background jazz music as we perused the menu. We made our picks and enjoyed a couple beers as we waited for our food. Our appetizers arrived quickly and were simply presented but smelled divine. Heath went for the crab cake which he generously split in half with me. The crab was delicious and soft and densely packed into the cake which was topped with a creamy sauce. I decided to defy all laws of the food chain and try the Gator Kabob. It was amazing! Its not like chicken at all, but more like a mix of chicken and pork. It was perfectly seasoned, slightly spicy and tangy and really nicely cooked. I am not a big seafood eater so the main dish was a little harder for me to decide on as most of the menu has seafood in it. I decided on a half order of the Tournedoes Ya Ya which was a delicious piece of beef tenderloin with rice and a side of red cabbage slaw. It was all delicious and the perfect portion size for me. My date decided on the Louisiana Jambalaya which was just a little spicy and filled with seafood. He was nice enough to give me a few fish free bites and I was hoping he would pack some up for home but he managed to finish it all off. This is an excellent restaurant if you are looking for something truly unique in Edmonton. The food is creole and Cajun and cooked to perfection. The music and soft lighting make this a great place for a date, but its also very comfortable for casual groups. Some people were dressed up, others were in jeans, so no pressure to dress up that we could see. I am looking forward to making this a regular stop!
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2009,4/7/2011,37,420,,3,3>My experience at The Creperie was very pleasant. One of my friends had a birthday celebration, and having decided to impress his guests with amazing food, he took us to The Creperie. Our party of seven was greeted with a smile and a warm welcome, and we were seated right away. Holy Mother of God, is the interior of this place beautiful! Dimmed lights, wooden decor, elegantly set tables. Very chic and romantic. I almost felt angry that my husband never brought me on a date to this place:) When it was time to order, I regreted that I didn't have a bottomless stomach since everything on the menu looked mouthwatering and delicious, and I wished I could try a little bit of everything. I ended up ordering a mimosa salad and Crepe Seafood Americaine. Everyone in our group of seven ordered a crepe. And guess what? Everybody loved their food. The crepes were perfectly prepared: light and airy, and the seafood in mine was cooked to perfection. Yummy!The Creperie is not your everyday restaurant. It is for special occasions only. I will definitely make sure that my husband and I come here at least once a year to give our taste palettes a special treat.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2011,4/6/2011,10,42,,4,5>Remedy has to make one of the best chai's in the city. I use to eat there quite a bit and the food was good...a little awkward if you are sitting upstairs and you have to listen for your order being shouted. But hey, what can you do? It gets pretty crowded in there so it's better than standing in everyones way while waiting for your food. I personally enjoy coming to Remedy on a weekday afternoon because its a lot more mellow. The night is fun for sure but if you want to have a conversation, make sure you don't get shafted to sitting under the speakers!  I haven't been in for over a year because I had a feeling that Remedy was getting some real poser in, but what I remember is that it was an awesome place to hang out.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,4/5/2011,5,242,2,4,4>It may look like a hole in the wall, and the interior may be cramped as well, but Furusato has some of the best Japanese food in town, if not the best. The service is great, and if you don't mind small tables, the close proximity allows you to easily communicate with your guests.It's hard to say what to order here at Furusato as everything tastes great. They do not skimp out on their sashimi (raw fish) slices- they're nice and thick, and taste really fresh too. Despite the size, the sashimi slices seem to just melt in your mouth. Their sushi rolls are great too, as they put in more meat than rice. If you're feeling hungry, go for the Bento Box combo. With that you get Miso soup, gyoza, assorted sushi and sashimi, and a choice of teriyaki chicken, beef or salmon. The prices are about average in terms of Japanese restaurants, but they serve generous portions and you feel like you get what you paid for.The only problem I have with this location is that it always seems busy. You either need to come here early or late if you want to avoid the wait. They can seem slow at times, but this is most likely due to the restaurant being at full capacity.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2011,4/4/2011,31,124,2,5,3>A group of us checked out Niche during downtown dining week.  We had a reservation for 7:30pm, and when we arrived, they were just clearing the table for us.  While we waited (for all of 3 minutes), we were each presented with a glass of Persecco for our troubles.Free alcohol is always a great way to start the evening.The place is tiny, and nicely styled.  The raw brick wall is a nice touch and the bathrooms are pretty cool.We each opted for the 3 course option, and gave our orders.  I had also ordered a mojito which, when delivered, was very bitter.  All it took was a mention to the waitress and she took it to the bartender to sweeten it up.The first course was the quinoa salad with roasted vegetables.  It was very good - the perfect amount of dressing and big chunks of goat cheese.  You just can't go wrong with big chunks of goat cheese.  My husband had the lentil soup and also thought it was very good.For an entree, I opted for the beef cheeks & egg noodles in a mushroom sauce.  I have never had beef cheeks before and was delighted with what was plated before me.  The beef was ridiculously tender and the sauce was rich and tasty.  My husband had the pork loin, which was also good, but really benefited from the blackberry sauce.Dessert was a salted brownie with a lemon cream.  The brownie itself seemed dry, while the lemon cream was delicious.  If you happened to get a bite with a hint of the salt, it was very tasty, but often the salt was overpowering.Overall the food at Niche was impressive and a great value during downtown dining week (I think still a good value otherwise).  My only real complaint was the speed of service - which was incredibly slow.  It was a good thing that we had such good company because to complete 3 courses took over 2.5 hours.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2010,4/3/2011,5,28,,5,4>Fantastic service, very little wait time and very consistent taste.  I'm impressed in almost every regard... Almost.So what's the hang-up you ask?  Well, a wise Yelper once wrote that no business should ever receive all 5 stars.  They should continuously strive for a perfect score.  I agree as I believe that in search of the 5th star, the restaurant might do something truly taste-credible and I hope I'm there to enjoy it.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2008,4/2/2011,74,399,,2,4>Cafe Mosaics fuses vegetarian with super healthy and makes the most delicious dishes that you never thought possible. I've been here quite a few times, and I've never been disappointed. The atmosphere is very cool, boho, and earthy--very Whyte Ave! The servers are really nice, sometimes a little shy, but I find that kind of cute. The menu is pretty extensive, offering veggie and vegan dishes. The veggie burger is the best I've ever had, and the tofu stir fry is amazing. You can get this with brown or white rice, and the sauce is so good; I really want to know the recipe. I've had desert here too, including a dairy-free chocolate mousse and an apple and peach cobbler. The crumble on it was so good, and it was made with really healthy ingredients such as flax seed.Cafe Mosaics is also very good for catering to certain diets restrictions, so do not be afraid to tell them your concerns. I definitely recommend this place to anyone who isn't a fan of vegetarian food. I'm sure it will change your mind.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,4/1/2011,49,125,2,3,2>I finally had my first Rodeo Burger experience and it was pretty good. It definitely is not the best burger I have ever had but it was still really yummy. I was so excited about the customizable burgers yum ! But I was really torn up between the aussie and lonestar.. in the end, of course I went to customizable. I'm not going to say how many toppings I got but let's just say it was a heavy burger. All the flavors mixed together amazingly, and I LOVED their relish ! I've never been a huge relish fan but I loved it here ! And their fries ! They were incredibly addicting, I really liked the texture they got from being fried.. mega crispy but soft on the inside. All this awesome stuff and a free refill how can I stay away ! You can tell how excited I am about this place by the !! I'm talking with. I was really happy with the level of customer service here too. When we first came in she asked if it was our first time here and then went on to explaining the burgers along with asking us how we heard of Rodeo Burger. Very decently priced and incredibly filling. Rodeo Burger is a definite, "hate myself after eating" place, so full!
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2011,3/31/2011,1,4,,4,2>Sooo good, we ordered three things, the beef bulgogi which was very flavorful, and deep fried rice noodles were something I've never tried before and they were really good. And the mountain rice which was also really fresh and tasty! I want to go back to try new things! Lots of great service, very friendly. And it was under 40 dollars.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,3/30/2011,94,253,,5,2>Indian Fusion showcases both Indian and Fijian cuisine, which sets it apart from other Edmonton restaurants. The interior is dressed in rich colours and features Hindi pop music, and the menu spans Indian standards (eg. butter chicken, dhal) and not-so-common Fijian dishes (eg. rooster, pumpkin chokha). The rooster is deep, rich and tender, and far more nuanced than mild, white chicken typically is. The Indian side of the menu is above average, but for a memorable dining experience, I recommend sticking to the Fijian side.
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,3/29/2011,9,130,1,6,6>Superb menu, excellent service, great ambiance. Nice wine list. Some of the best steak I have eaten in Alberta, definatley one of the best steak places in edmonton (if not the best!)Our waiter was very knowledgable and personable, he didn't hover, just knew the right time to come over all night. A great dining experience. I highly recommend this restaurant.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,3/28/2011,95,32,7,7,7>I LOVE YOGA! I have been doing yoga since 1998. Yoga and I became great friends way before this city became saturated with Yoga studios. Back in the day, ahem, yoga was practiced in community halls and churches!So I guess you can say I have been around the block. I have explored most of the yoga styles offered with the exception of Kundilini. I have also practiced yoga with many different teachers as well.If you are looking for a place to get acquainted with yoga or to continue your practice or even to step it up a notch and challenge yourself, I highly recommend Lotus Soul Gym. They now have three locations: Whyte Ave, Little Italy and St. Albert. Class options are vast and yet there seems to be a consistent approach/style. The atmosphere is friendly and certainly not intimidating for new students. The one downfall for ALL yoga studios is the cost.  I know, they have to make a living, but the drop in rates do seem a little pricey. But know this, they are all the same no matter which studio you decide to go to. If you are new to ANY studio they usually have a One week Introductory price which I highly recommend. It allows you to sample all classes and instructors without a huge commitment. If you are an avid yogi I would recommend monthly unlimited passes. They are worth the cost. They allow you to be flexible and choose when to practice.Take a chance on Lotus Soul Gym. Be sure to try a class with Henri the owner. His voice alone is enough to soothe any soul!Namaste!
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2011,3/26/2011,10,29,1,5,7>We came here after a late night of reno's and not feeling the great urge to cook (lazy us) but sooo glad we chose this little Edmonton jewel to perch for a little while. It was pretty packed with the university crowd when we got inside, but luckily spotted a table near the window and got asked immediatly what we'd like to drink. This would be a good time to mention that this place has every type of GOOD beer and cider imaginable, with the glass to match it too! Anyways, we got a Bolmers cider and a Fruli and then scoped our sights on the paprika popcorn. So good.For meals, they have a pretty good selection, and my partner got the ol' fashioned Mac&Cheese and I tried the Red Curry Seafood Laksa. Both came in gigantic portions (Left overs for lunch!)If you like a good (not too much-but perfect) kick to your food, then I highly recommend it. ^__^Before I bored you to tears, it was all in all a great night out, and I'll be back soon enough to try desserts!Also, Where else in the city can you have dinner on a Sunday after 10pm?!
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2010,3/25/2011,7,416,,4,5>This store is great for anyone who enjoys being in their kitchen!They have products for experts or newbies, but the price can get up there. It is really nice to go into a store and find a bunch of different brands in one place. The store is small, but it sure can fit a lot in there. Everything feels better here, rather than all the things you can buy from Ikea or walmart.I love the kitchen aid products they offer here. If you are willing to spend some money, go to this store and you can spend hours looking at all the little things it has to offer.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2010,3/24/2011,21,834,,6,4>This place carries everything for the tea fanatic. They carry all types of tea pots and tea accessories. When I say all types of tea pots, I mean all types. They carry different styles from all over the world. If you are a tea lover or know someone that is, you could find some neat little gifts at this place.They have an endless supply of tea to choose from as well. Ok, maybe not but it sure seems that way. The staff is very friendly and very helpful, they can be really useful if you don't know much about tea.I encourage all tea lovers to check the store out.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2010,3/23/2011,33,149,1,16,3>Professional staff who aren't chatty.  Clean rooms.  Respect for your dignity.  These are things you look for when looking to remove hair by laser, am I right?This place shares space with a hair salon; go left as you enter the "office" as the front desk for the salon is to the right.I've checked out several laser hair removal locations in the city; this is the one to go to.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2010,3/22/2011,18,228,1,6,5>This is a cute place located in no-man's land in West Edmonton Mall.  This place carries a lot of home décor items of Asian spiritual Gods.  They also carry a lot of hemp clothing; some of them are really great looking.  They also carry come cute black dresses along with some warm looking winter jackets.  They have a big selection of scarfs and great handbags and purses.  They carry cool accessories also.  They have men and women's items.The employees are pretty nice and the store is pretty cool.  It's an interesting place and a great place to check out.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2011,3/21/2011,9,8,2,10,8>I started going to the Bothy when Doug first opened the place. I was excited to visit a new independent local place which was dedicated to great whisky, wine, and great local food. To date they haven't disappointed me.They have one of the best line-ups of whisky in Canada, and more than that, know what they are talking about in terms of serving it up. I love going there for lunch, and think that their sandwiches are some of the best kept secrets of Edmonton. The only thing that I will say is that this is not fast food. You need to plan on at least an hour if you want to go and eat there. But the wait is worth it, as I always leave smiling.Doug, Chris, Andrew and the rest of the crew always make you feel welcome and I would encourage anyone who hasn't yet discovered the Bothy to drop by, whether for a wee dram, or some authentic meat pies.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2011,3/20/2011,24,30,,6,4>I had heard that Edmonton's Transcend Coffee had opened a new location somewhere along Jasper Avenue, but I hadn't heard where. I spotted it on one of my rare trips on Jasper Ave and decided to have a look. It's a very welcoming space with paintings on the wall, a few murals, nice furniture and lighting. I immediately felt at home here. It's a fairly deep building, so the natural light is available up front, but it's nicely lit all the way back. One thing I thought was interesting, and this ties in nicely with my coffee house reviews, is that Transcend's downtown location offers meeting room space. They have a boardroom that seats up to 10 people (with the usual equipment you need) and it's available for $20 an hour or $100 a day. That sounds pretty reasonable to me for a small meeting space downtown.On the coffee front, you can't beat the quality of Transcend's coffee. I haven't had a bad cup here yet. They roast their own beans and I've gone through their coffee tasting session. They take great care in what they produce. I normally doctor my coffee with cream and sugar, but they make coffee you can drink without doing so and without the typical gut-rot you might expect if you don't. They're pricier than other options, but worth it.I will definitely be back here, either to just hang out or if I need downtown meeting space. Busyness - Pretty steady and plenty of the laptop tribe in attendance.Noisiness - I don't know about downstairs, but the upstairs is pretty noisy. A little bit of noise really carries in this place. There are few soft surfaces to absorb the noise.Ambience - Nicely decorated and quite comfortable. There are lots of good tables to do some work on here.Power -  Seems to be a pretty good array of power outlets to tap into.Free wifi - It's available and works well. They do have two networks though, and downtown has a pile of wifi connections. I used Free - Wifi, their official public wireless, which is offered in conjunction with Mesh Canada. Staff - Transcend Coffee staff are pretty good.Seating - There's a good selection of seats here, with 35 or so options for you to park it. They have some large tables that allow you to spread out a bit of work and set up your laptop. Upstairs there is only one table, but room for quite a few more. I'm not sure if they're planning to add more. Upstairs also has a good selection of easy chairs and a couch, for those who like to just relax. (I do that once in a while when I'm not on my laptop.)Security - It's downtown, so what do you expect? More upscale than Timmy's, for what it's worth. Your laptop will go missing anywhere, so why should it be any different here?
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,3/19/2011,93,7,3,11,7>I spent a delightful bit of my lunch hour today wandering through this chic little antique store downtown. I admit that I definitely want to go back and linger some more over the diverse antiquities.Amidst all the memorabilia I discovered memories of my own childhood (dare I date myself and say that I remember several items from the late 70s?) that I reminisced about with the co-worker I dragged with me into the store. The quaint little shop had everything from furniture to pictures to lighting to clothing to accessories and so on (and I did see something that I will go back and purchase for my Asian collection).I had the absolute pleasure of meeting Angela Larson, the owner of Swish. And she fits the charming image of the store's slogan: Vintage Finds for Your Sassy Self. Ms. Larson informed me that she gets 'new' stock in everyday. I daresay you might wish to rush on over and find that vintage item for your sassy self today.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,3/18/2011,10,11,4,5,3>I only ever go to very fancy restaurants on a special occasion and have returned to this restaurant twice. Once for a very important birthday party for a very important person and the second time to help my best friend's, now husband, plan out his surprise proposal to her. He asked me to find the fanciest and classy restaurant I've ever been to and La Ronde was the first restaurant to pop into my head. It is located on the very top level of Crowne Plaza Hotel and not only is the service exceptionally friendly and polite, the setting was absolutely gorgeous, the washrooms were past the par of clean to a point it makes you feel like you're entering yet another suite in a gigantic mansion and the view was phenomenal. To add to that already enchanting description . . the entire restaurant rotates.Mind you it doesn't rotate to a point where you feel the food start to climb back up from your stomach and out of your mouth again, (which i think is impossible seeing as the couple dishes i had there were just so tasty), it's a very nice, romantic, beautiful and enchanting place to have a fancy, private or special event with a loved one, some friends for a celebration or even by yourself if you felt like treating yourself to a fancy dinner one day.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2010,3/17/2011,65,39,,7,4>Luzzara is a boutique coffee shop on east Whyte Avenue owned and operated by Sarah Jackson.  Sarah is a fantastic lady with an appreciation for coffee.  Luzzara serves a variety of coffee's, italian soda's, and has, quite possibly, the best hot chocolate in town. Yes, it's bad for you - but try it with the whole milk, it's delicious.She serves sandwiches as well as desserts, and visit on Friday's for a special cookie treat.If you're in the area, this is a delicious coffee shop that you need to try.  You can also follow her on Twitter as @Luzzara.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2011,3/16/2011,40,145,5,7,3>Stop if me you've heard this saying: if the place you're eating is someone's garage, it's probably damn good.Nestled in the heart of the industrial part of town, my friends and I stopped by to try some Korean cuisine. I literally spotted the restaurant because in the near pitch black of the night, I noticed an unlit Korean sign among warehouses so this had to be the place.My friends and I usually rate ethnic foods in terms of oddities such as, "the dirtier it looks, the tastier it is" or "if it's like eating in someone's kitchen, you know it's good".Well, Won Jung Gok is literally someone's garage with Korean posters hanging on the wall. It is an odd site to walk in and say to yourself, "You know what, this is going to be epic."If you asked me what I ordered, I can't pronounce it. Heck, the menu's are black and white photocopies with Korean text and faded english translations underneath. We started off with a lettuce and cold cut pork dish with some sauce and peppers. Basically, it's like the first dish of Peking duck if you've ever eaten that course: grab the salad, put some meat on it, roll it up, dip it, and you've got an Asian burrito.It tasted like going to Ronnie Kim's mom's house for dinner (or insert another Korean friend that you have). It tastes homemade and I think that's why people like eating here so much. There's no processed taste. You can taste the sincerity in every bite and I think that speaks volumes. The crispness of the leafy green lettuce leaves and the amount of pork meat you get reminds you of how your mom always ensures you're eating a fresh and plentiful meal.The bulgogi was flavorful and the spiced pork or chicken or meat of some kinda was also good (Sorry, my friends ordered for me and we ate family style).I'm sure if you have some ounce of interest or feel like trying something new and exciting, why not give Korean food a chance? The waitresses all look like family and I'm sure they can recommend customers new to Korean food something safe yet bold to try.I would describe the food at Won Jung Gok in one word: charming.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,3/15/2011,0,2,2,4,6>Conveniently located about 28 seconds walk from my front door, this is quite possibly the best liquor store on earth. It's the best in Canada, I know. Over 800 brands of beer and counting. Some of their pricing is a little higher than others, but it's a small price to pay for face-punchingly amazing variety. I shake my heads and die a little inside when I see simps walk out with 24 cases of Budwieser or Bud light lime, or Kokanee... you get the picture. With a magical rainbow plethora of beer screaming at one from the entire outer wall of their massive and decadent beer cooler, how can you NOT explore new frontiers?! The wine selection here is also mighty fine, as is the spirits aisles. Jim P. The owner is always bringing in cool stuff that you'll never find at a chain store either. $700 bottles of scotch?! Heck yes. Go here, buy beers. And make sure they're beers that don't have T.V. commercials. If the label isn't english, chances are, it's probably good too. This all comes from a man who's had 98% of the entire beer cooler's population; even the s#!tty beers.
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2011,3/14/2011,142,215,,3,4>I love the Pint for many reasons, and Wing Wednesdays is just one of them (the abundance of hot single men is another). It's a nice place with decent food and good beer, but the service leaves something to be desired. Not sure if they're understaffed or just hire girls that can't manage tables well, but it can get difficult to put your order in after that first round. Every time I have gone here my server has disappeared for so long I would forget what she looks like. In spite of the bad service, the Pint remains one of my favorite spots in Edmonton. It's not much for dancing, but a nice place to watch the hockey game. Others agree, as anyone whose seen the lineup outside on any given Friday or Saturday night. So go early, order everything you want all at once, and enjoy!
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,3/13/2011,27,123,,8,5>I am very surprised to be the first person reviewing this fantastic restaurant.  As such I will try something more detailed than my normal reviews.Firstly this is not really an Indian restaurant and it definitely is not a South African restaurant.  It is Indian food that comes from South Africa.  This may seem a subtle difference, but if you are either you will notice right away.  Indians who migrated to Africa (I am one), could not find their normal ingredients to create typical dishes and thus a fusion came about using local ingredients and Indian cooking techniques.  In most of Africa this resulted in a milder and more subtle flavors.The decor is very nice and open, perfect for large groups and families.  This is a family run business and you will definitely meet them at some point in the evening.  They are charming and quite happy to chat and answer all your questions.This is a buffet, but to it's credit it has something for everyone and makes it perfect to try many new things.  They claim everything is organic and free range and thus the moderately high price (25$).  The quality is evident and I considered it good value.  The food itself is good, in a buffet you will have the hits and the misses and this was no exception, but I found enough that I liked to be satisfied.Having spent 6 weeks in South Africa last year, I was hoping for a couple of dishes or at least wines that could take me back to that wonderful country but unfortunately this was not the case.  They mentioned they were trying for a better South African wine selection, but it would take some time.Overall a good restaurant, perfect if you want to try,or introduce someone to a milder less spicy Indian cuisine.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,3/12/2011,46,142,,5,4>Tired of the bland? Miss the corner store linked to a community? The Italian Centre will remind you of what is missing in most neighbourhoods.  This is a grocery store with an italian heart.  The selection of many items is astounding. The ones that I've noticed are the pasta, veggie spreads, deli meats & cheeses, olives AND the produce.  The produce is fantastic, like the veggies you remember from the farm: big, fresh and items you can't find at your usual grocery.The staff are helpful, and the store is busy but reasonably quick to clear the lines. Expect to wait your turn at the deli. It's worth the wait.The wall between the cafe next door was taken down in a recent renovation, and they added/expanded the section of kitchen tools, including espresso makers.  Great gelato, espressos, Italian style sandwiches and the occasional FIFA game on the tv.You won't find  all of the brands you might be used to, but you will find things that will make your next meal amazing.
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2011,3/11/2011,509,247,,5,3>We have been to Spago 3 times and find the food and service fine. Though not the most spectacular Portuguese food I have tried it is very good. The staff is very friendly and try their best to make you feel cozy and appreciated. I will recommend this restaurant as being worth trying.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,3/10/2011,16,16,3,4,3>Better than Paris! There is nothing like a typical Parisian day, where I always start with a bakery fresh pain au chocolat, after a run through Luxembourg Gardens. Walking into Duchess Bakeshop is like being transported back to Paris, and the treats from this bakery are more sinfully delicious than anything I've tried there. The croissants are soooooo buttery and flakey!. We went into Duchess for the first time and came out with 4 boxes of baked goods... all of it was incredible. I am their newest regular!
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2010,3/9/2011,21,65,5,5,1>Royal Pizza is my not so secret indulgence.  I had a hard time locating a good greasy pizza when I first moved to Edmonton; none were fit to challenge the famously good, extra cheesy Saskatchewan style pies to which I had become accustomed.This is as close as it comes to a good colon clogger in Edmonton.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2011,3/8/2011,34,159,,4,2>This has got to be one of the best coffee shops in Downtown Edmonton, probably all of downtown.  In the heart of the revitalized 104 Street, it's an excellent coffee shop to sit down and relax and I'm sure in the summer it's a great place to relax and people watch. I think I have to venture here more often, but of course only when the weather warms up.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2008,3/7/2011,85,580,3,4,3>The Bamboo Ballroom is another hip store specializing in local and North American brands, like SunDae, Soia & Kyo, and Bench.The store is tastefully designed and decorated, with a very clean and polished look. Stainless furniture accented with hardwood floors give it a modern and sleek appearance.They have a wide selection in jeans, and often you can find several good items on their sale rack (tucked just behind their jeans). There is seating for those who don't want to shop but have been forced to come (read: boyfriends). They also carry beautiful silver jewelry and handbags.I was told an interesting tidbit, and I'll let you in on it: the Bamboo Ballroom actually has a backroom salon, in which they offer hair services. Ask for store owner Anastasia, and she may be able to book you an appointment for your hair! It's fashion from head to toe at the Bamboo Ballroom!
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2010,3/6/2011,50,158,,6,3>Yeah, this is probably the best independent bookstore in town.  They're very clear that they're about a solid base in classic and comtemporary literature, but with great support for local and national Canadian authors.  Many Governor General Award and Booker Prize winners do readings and signings at Greenwoods when they're in town.The staff reads what they sell and can guide you in selecting and enjoying books that you might not otherwise hear of.  That's what an independent is all about.Let's face it.  You can get your "Movie-tie-in" Novelizations at Superstore.  Come to Greenwoods for a book.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2010,3/5/2011,53,101,4,5,3>WIldflower Grill was one of the first restaurants I visited in Edmonton.  I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food, the wine list, and the service.  I was with a medium sized group of people and I have to say that the food presentation was perfectly timed between our appetizers and entrees.  We ordered the seared tuna dish for an appetizer and that was quite superb.  For my entree, I enjoyed the lamb and it was perfectly prepared.  The only thing about the restaurant that I did not like was the wine suggestion.  I feel like our server was just spouting off random facts about wine in general....instead of facts about the wine he is suggesting.  I suppose this is pretty common but it is OK to just say, "I don't know."WildFlower Grill is a great date place and I will return when I get a date.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,3/4/2011,32,58,5,5,5>Block 1912 is a wonderful place to grab something sweet (I've heard they also server great coffee, but I'm not a coffee person, so I've never had a cup). It's my favorite spot to hit up on a hot summer day, as they have some of the best gelato. Forget about the chain ice cream place across the street, it's all about the Block!It's also a nice place to enjoy a piece of cake, though the price displayed for a full cake makes me laugh every time (I won't spoil it for you, but make sure you take a look when you visit, it's hilarious).Go there enough and you'll find a favorite chair (they have many different styles), or couch, and you'll give the evil-eye to others if they end up sitting in "your" seat (or maybe it's just me). It's a huge space, but is quite popular, so you may find it tough to get a seat sometimes.It's certain a neat place to hang out for a short stop, or all afternoon.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,3/3/2011,187,341,,5,3>The Highlevel Diner is one of those rare restaurants that I consider as close to perfect as it gets. The menu is really well rounded. It's not like one of those restaurants that have five things on the menu, but there's not too much so that it's overwhelming to decide. A couple of sandwiches, a couple burgers, salads, some Mexican dishes and some other ethnic dishes (curry, Greek). I had the chicken fajita last night and it was great. Two big fajitas covered in sour cream, guacamole and salsa, with rice and beans on the side. And since it was Mexican Monday (only Feb. and Mar.), I got $2 off! Always love to save money. I've also had the Ural burger in the past, which is a little special because it is made from "local antibiotic & hormone free super lean seasoned beef", so I don't feel quite so guilty about eating a big burger. The fries are great and the homemade ketchup is to die for! The menu is kind of like a big old list of comfort foods, and everything I've tried or even seen on other people's plates looks delicious. Anyone I've ever dined with has also always been happy with their meal. I have one friend who swears by the Grilled Chicken and Cheddar sandwich. It's like a grilled cheese with chicken, dipped in egg. There are a couple of special nights each week - for example, Turkey Tuesdays and Ukrainian Thursdays. I haven't tried either yet, but I'd love to check out Ukrainian Thursday. The room is average sized, but very cozy. It almost feels like someone has invited you over to their place for a home cooked meal. There are some beautiful paintings all over the walls, and right when you walk into the restaurant, between the doors, there are lots of flyers advertising local shows (art, music, plays). The tables are almost always completely full, but I've never had to wait more than five minutes. Some of them are kind of close together, but it's not a big deal. They don't take reservations for parties less than six. You can tell that the servers really enjoy working there and are proud of the diner. I've always had above average service here, and I really appreciate that. Parking can be a pain. There are very limited spots on the street (if you're lucky), and a lot across the street that customers across the street can park in if they write down their license plate number at the restaurant. We did so last night, but still got a ticket. If that happens, take the ticket to the restaurant immediately and they will deal with it for you.
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,3/2/2011,220,814,,5,2>It doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside the Blue Chair Cafe is a world of food and music. I went for brunch, and found some rather unique options on the menu, including Pad Thai (apparently the place's signature dish), a bison burger, various formations of Eggs Benedict, and other breakfast-type choices like blueberry pancakes and banana French toast. I ordered rancheros done vegan style (grilled tofu instead of meat, and no cheese or sour cream). What I got was a mountain of black beans, tofu, salsa, pico de gallo, and lettuce piled high on warm corn tortillas. I ate it like salad, with a knife and fork, as trying to formulate my own wraps would have been too messy a prospect. I can say that the meal was satisfying and delicious, and also appropriate for celiac diets.My brunch mate had the frittata with cheese, vegetables, and bacon. It was served with baguette and fresh fruit. The frittata, which has basically an open-faced omelette, was large and cheesy and full of fillings. In fact, he was a bit put off at the variety of vegetables that lay within (not being a fan of eggplant or zucchini), but less critical frittata fans will savour it.I ordered a side of Blue Plate's famous roasted potatoes. Basic and delicious, they were baby potatoes in their skin. I wish they were served with more of the brunch items!Because of its out of the way location, it was much less busy than other establishments serving weekend brunch. It is not huge on the interior, but not tiny either, and features local artwork on the wall and a stage that is often occupied by musicians from a variety of genres.I have my eye on the blueberry pancakes and the vegetarian Pad Thai (but not at the same time), so plans for a return visit are in the works.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2010,3/1/2011,95,180,2,5,5>The music and the crowd may seem a little intimidating to some, but hard as it may be to believe, New City is easily the most welcoming club in the entire city. On its regular Saturday industrial nights, people clad in gas masks, eye patches, and fetishwear dance side by side with regular joes seeking something a little different. No one judges, no one cares, it's an open and free-spirited good time. And with so many regulars, the staff and the customers have a great rapport. New City often hosts events downstairs, and on occasion flies in bands for special one-off shows, most often punk and industrial groups; check their website for what's coming up. It may surprise you.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,2/28/2011,67,269,,3,5>I was pretty excited about this place opening, so I made plans to go almost as soon as it opened. It was pretty quiet when we arrived, but filled up in the next hour.The service was pleasant and welcoming. They asked if we were in a rush, or if we were looking for a slower-paced evening, and timed things accordingly. We started off with martinis. There were some fun looking ones on the menu, and I got the white chocolate. It was tasty, and kind of like starting with dessert.They brought us some bread and butter to start off with. It was good, but nothing spectacular. Also, they brought 3 pieces for the two of us. Why? Why do they do that? But anyways. We split the beef cheek with wild mushroom gnocchi for an appetizer. So good. I think I will dream about it for the next few months.I ordered the steak frites with a side of the lavender honey carrots. It turns out my entree also came with some of the carrots, and I wished the server would have let me know when I ordered them. Oh well. The steak was good, and the foie gras butter it was served with was amazing. The fries were ok, nothing spectacular, but the mayo was also quiet good. My friend's duck confit was also pretty tasty.We split the creme caramel for dessert, which was nice and creamy. But again, came with one gooseberry and three blackberries. Why? So. Good food, good service, and the price is actually quiet reasonable. Our bill was under $100 before tip.
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,2/27/2011,73,717,6,4,6>Hands-down and two thumbs up, I give d'Lish five bright, sparkly stars! This restaurant's obvious love affair with food, wine and their refreshing culinary creativity were a symphony of music to my palette and Ode to Joy in my  belly.We had a UYE (unofficial Yelp event - if you're unfamiliar with Yelp lingo) last Thursday at d'Lish and I am still thinking ... a lot ... about the food. In fact, I admit I see visions of potato bacon soup shooters, cups of bacon & quail's egg, fresh squid ink-infused pasta tossed in creamy rosé sauce and ginger cake, unexpectedly, constantly, in between thoughts  - like a badly crushing teen who's distracted a 1000 times a day or more by lucid daydreams of Justin Bieber.I see food. D'lish-ous food - everywhere. I blame the culinary imprints left on my belly last week for triggering this latent sixth sense!The group of us ordered the "Have a Little Faith" taste with wine pairings. We didn't know what little bite-sized appies would cross our plate but that was half the fun! The other half was savouring top-rate food with peeps who love food as much as I do. The wine list's amazing and the service genuine, enthusiastic and personal.Thank you D'lish for restore my faith in how good food can be.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,2/26/2011,16,84,6,6,4>My other half wanted some pasta so we aimlessly drove around South Common looking for a place that would have pasta (a place that wasn't Milestones, Moxies, or Joey's). We noticed that a new restaurant had opened up and decided to try the Local Public Eatery out. There is no pasta because this place serves pub food but we choose to stay and try it out!The service was quick and the waitress was both helpful and friendly. I ordered the Islander burger (with a veggie pattie) and my other half ordered the Champion burger (named after "the city of champions" Edmonton catch phrase). The burgers were amazing - fresh and created using very unique flavor combinations (goat cheese, mushrooms, caramel onions for the Islander and a range of hot sauces and peppers for the Champion burger). We both loved our food. The decor is very industrial with a garage door as a window and lots of brick and dark tones - something I personally love. We'll be back as this place is awesome for a quick bite to eat or as a place to hang out with friends.You can substitute most things for a vegetarian option!
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,2/25/2011,78,111,,7,3>Went here tonight for a UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event) and loved it. Finally can actually agree with my veg-head sister's view that 'fake meat can taste good!' Boasting a great location and some terrific decor (including a waterfall/fountain faucet in the bathroom and a giant Buddha in the dinning area), the place is cute, welcoming and spotlessly clean. There were 3 of us, so we ordered 3 dishes and an appetizer, and that was more than enough to make us all happy. To start, we ordered ice drinks - 2 lychees and a pineapple. Apparently the pineapple was great, but the lychee was just amazing - it deserves 5 stars all to its own! Was just like drinking liquid candy it was so yummy (and yes, very sweet too).We also got some spring rolls and they were great - a little bit more crunchy than 'regular' ones, but overall just the same (and in many cases, better) than the ones you'd get at any Chinese restaurant.Just as we were finishing up the appies, our mains arrived. I have to admit, I was shocked by the speed of service here - you ask, and BOOM! it's there already.  I think we waited all of 10 minutes between ordering and eating.We decided to go on prior recommendations from other yelpers, and had ordered the ginger 'beef', nasi goreng (Indonesian fried rice) and a 'ham' and broccoli dish. Quite frankly, all were great. The ginger beef was especially good - it's not exactly how I remember 'regular' ginger beef, and in that regards I'd say it was better - not as cloying and had a better variety of spice - there was something in there (other than ginger) that gave it a really terrific depth. Nutmeg maybe? Regardless, it was awesome.The fried rice was reminiscent of a Chinese chicken fried rice, and was loaded with veggies and tasted great. The Ham and Broccoli was probably the biggest surprise - I wasn't sure what I'd think of this going in, but it turned out terrific. It was filling, the 'ham' was just the right amount of salty, the broccoli was perfectly cooked, the sauce (oyster, I think) was a good compliment to the main ingredients, and there were also a bunch of other veggies, such as mushrooms and peppers thrown in.It was also really affordable - the bill came to $60 between the three of us (before tip). My only (minuscule) complaint was that the food could have been served a bit hotter. It was fine to start, but considering how fast it cooled down vs how fast we were eating, it really should have arrived at a higher temperature. It was also a little greasy, but then, considering what I was eating (fried stuff), I didn't exactly expect anything different! All in all, terrific experience, and great food. I'm now sold on the idea of veggie meats and I'm looking forward to coming back here (probably with my sister in tow) and trying out more things - perhaps next time I'll go after the Indian or Thai dishes! Seriously, this is a great place, whether you're vegan, a meat lover, or just a regular omnivore looking to try something a bit different. It's well worth the visit!
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,2/24/2011,292,404,2,9,3>Packrat Louie's is a high end restaurant with an understated feel to it.  The interiors are very nice, but from outside it's very low key - just the way it should be.The menu is tremendous, actually.  It seems quite French inspired, of course with a lot of American and fusion like components.  I like that they've got options for all kinds of people.  I've noticed that menu fine dining restaurants in Edmonton tend to be a little too red meat-centric.  However, Packrat's list of entrées has an eclectic combination of all awesome things, from steaks, tenderloins, ostrich, lobster, pork, chicken, fish and vegan option etc.  I think they've really made an effort to come out with a small, yet option-filled, menu.The wood-fired pizzas are also quite good.  I've had a couple and can certainly remember the chicken tikka pizza because, coming from India, I do know that crappy chains like Pizza Hut serve a chicken tikka pizza there and was thinking to myself - "boy, this chef probably thought he was coming up with something quite authentic".They have a full bar with a good wine list.  Of course, it's not as great a loungey place as people might think.  I would consider it a dinner place for sure, but not so much of a drinks and apps kinda place.  Do come here - the food is good, slightly expensive, but worth the price.  The ambiance is private.
