<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2014,11/26/2014,3,63,,1,1>I love that you can order tix online and reserve your seat! That way there's no arguing or fussing over where to sit. The chairs are big and comfy and have trays for your drink and snacks. The screens are not high def, but the trade off for amazing seats is worth it to me.  We love that you can have a few drinks and real food (but it is really pricey) I have had the quesadilla and the bacon fries.  The cheese on the fries turned to plastic before I could get half way through and the quesadilla was lacking cheese and topping s and the chicken was dry so I don't think I'll be eating too much more here. The theaters are clean and like I mentioned the seats are nice.  Bathrooms are also clean. Would rate higher if the food was worth the price.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2014,11/25/2014,24,11,3,13,7>Very impressed with this Korean Restaurant! Felt very welcomed and homey at the place. The food is fresh and tastes authentic! Many other Korean restaurants that I've been too are either way too over priced or food is just okay. I recommend this place to any Korean food lovers!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2014,11/24/2014,13,40,5,5,6>the-quest-for-real-japanese-good-in-el-paso-continued-again-tonight-and-we-tried-this-place-out-results-were-goodso-we-had-been-tipped-off-from-another-okinawan-friend-that-this-place-was-decent-and-they-vouched-for-it-so-off-we-went-the-neighborhood-looked-sketch-lock-your-car-hurry-up-and-get-inside-kinda-looking-place-theyre-only-open-from-1730-2300-so-when-you-go-in-winter-its-gonna-be-dark-and-dark-it-was-lol-we-walked-in-and-was-like-ehhh-its-ok-we-noticed-right-away-they-were-showing-a-japanese-tv-show-bonus-my-wife-was-enjoying-it-also-we-noticed-in-the-rarest-of-cases-here-in-el-paso-i-was-the-only-non-japanese-person-in-the-place-sweet-that-added-to-the-authenticity-of-the-place-for-sure-we-can-here-the-other-couples-speaking-in-japanese-and-its-clear-theyre-from-mainland-japan-waitress-tends-to-us-and-is-japanese-and-no-freaking-way-she-is-from-okinawa-too-awesome-from-very-near-where-my-wife-is-from-so-that-was-great-and-they-talked-and-talked-exchanged-phone-numbers-and-even-made-dates-to-hang-out-which-was-great-as-okinawa-is-a-tiny-island-and-whenever-a-person-leaves-there-its-very-rare-to-find-or-make-a-friend-from-your-home-land-food-was-good-and-we-both-had-ramen-as-we-have-been-craving-it-tuna-sashimi-with-potatoes-poured-over-it-was-delicious-bit-pricey-at-25-but-very-very-well-made-we-also-ordered-and-which-is-the-spicy-miso-ramen-and-chasumen-ramen-the-spicy-miso-was-great-but-you-can-order-something-else-if-you-want-the-charsumen-is-a-must-try-delicious-they-also-have-a-very-full-menu-with-lots-of-dishes-i-look-forward-to-trying-they-even-have-a-katsu-curry-cant-wait-to-try-it-and-see-how-good-it-is-bring-cash-because-no-cards-are-accepted-overall-this-is-a-generally-inexpensive-place-but-some-things-are-pricey-so-bring-cash-and-just-pay-attention-to-what-youre-ordering-authentic-everyone-there-is-japanese-and-very-very-friendly-another-group-of-6-came-in-they-were-all-also-japanese-japanese-military-guys-here-for-training-most-likely-and-they-all-seemed-to-be-mainland-japan-guys-but-over-all-out-of-all-the-guests-i-was-the-only-non-japanese-person-so-seemingly-when-someone-from-japan-thats-in-el-paso-wants-to-eat-they-come-here-so-want-authentic-give-this-place-a-shot-you-wont-be-upset-with-the-experience-they-even-have-japanese-menus-if-you-want-to-read-the-items-in-kanjihiragana-we-will-for-sure-be-coming-back-looks-like-weve-found-our-home-food-away-from-home-finally-_
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2014,11/23/2014,94,31,4,4,4>Excellent steaks, great service. Amazing atmosphere. A truly wonderful place to go on a date night. The food won't let you down. I highly recommend this place if you're looking for a good steak. And Really mouth watering appetizers! Can't forget the desert!!! They make an incredible pecan crepe with vanilla icecream on top! It's truly decedent.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,11/22/2014,66,129,5,8,6>This is THE doggie place to be on the Westside.  The bark park is divided into three areas: 1 for small dogs and 2 for big dogs. There's a big people, little people,  furry people accessible water fountain - so, no biggie if you forgot your water. There's always friendly people, happy to talk to other dog lovers. Forgot your doody bags? No problem, they've got some. Grassy green and great for all the kids, human and furry. It's very nice, well maintained, and there's plenty of benches to safeguard you from the El Paso sun.Verdict: Drop by, you won't regret it!
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,11/21/2014,161,398,1,4,3>I used to come here every day for lunch before changing jobs. I miss this place when I'm gone. The employees make you feel right at home and this is as far away from franchise cookie cutter food as it gets. Its El Paso's version of grits n gravy comfort food for those from 'round here.  The decor is awesome with artwork mixed with memorabelia and dead stuffed critters. I love it.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,11/20/2014,34,16,3,7,5>Great gem on the westside!I have stopped in a few times on my way to work and I have to say that I have not been disappointed.  They use a french press to brew their house coffee which in my opinion, is the best way to brew a bean.  It is in a great location with lots of parking and easy access.  The inside is spotless and inviting.  The front patio offers several tables where you can enjoy a view of the Franklin Mountains while you sip on your drink.  I have not been in at night yet but it looks like a well stocked bar.  I plan to go soon.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,11/19/2014,21,58,2,2,2>I went to Toro Burger Bar without any sort of expectation other than trying out a non-chain burger. The atmosphere is trendy but casual, with dominant red lighting and seating a bit too close to adjacent diners for my taste. A very comprehensive menu followed with the star items (burgers) prominently showcased. I immediately paid attention to the Blue Burger and promptly ordered one, cooked medium well with a side order or sweet potato fries.Wait time was acceptable, and to say the burger quality met my expectations is an understatement. The meat was dripping with flavor and juices, with several sharp bites of pungent blue cheese and braised red onions imparting both texture and deep, contrasting richness. The brioche bun provides the right amount of support for all the juiciness of the beef and rest of ingredients without going soggy or falling apart like in many other restaurants. The sweet potato fries were superbly seasoned, and the side of ranch dressing provided a cool, creamy dimension to the overall meaty experience. I have since visited Toro Burger Bar twice and sadly, I have ordered the same thing over and over, trying to prolong the experience of a very intensely flavored and structured burger. I plan on visiting this restaurant in the future and sampling other burger versions as well as other sides. Nonetheless, I can honestly say this restaurant fast made it into my top five favorite burger places for its flavorsome fare and relaxed, non-imposing atmosphere. Now if only they didn't have the predictable big screens with sports...
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2014,11/18/2014,66,85,4,4,5>I've had . Double chocolate . Vanilla bean . Red velvetAll of these cupcakes were delicious and so far have been the best I've had in EP.  Super moist cake with the right amount of frosting on top. I love that sweet addiction incorporates different ingredients weekly. There's usually a cupcake that just makes an appearance here and there and it keeps things interesting. Follow them on FB so you know where they are parked if you need a cupcake fix. Also, they have a guessing game where you can win a free cupcake or cupcakes lol. Usually, it's guessing amount of sprinkles  in a bowl and there's always more than one winner!  She is very generous at giving away cupcakes. Lol
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2014,11/17/2014,10,2,2,3,3>Absolutely fell in love with this place, tasteful setup, with a classy Dive Bar vibe.   Ask for Eddy, dude is well educated and makes some of the best cocktails in town.  Craft beer selection is top notch.  Sunsets Heights was a great location for this gem.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2014,11/16/2014,180,631,6,5,5>Little Luna is a little food truck that makes yummy little pizzas in a little amount of time for a little amount money, it is also Italian (and Spanish) for Little Moon.  Little Luna is especially great for fans of thin crust pizzas, and they're really not that little, bigger than the average personal pizza, it could even serve 2 people, assuming I'm not one of them.  The pizza menu is relatively small (4 or 5 choices), which is actually nice, it minimizes that remorse you feel when you think you didn't order the "best" one, plus I'm a busy man, I'm tired of constantly making hard decisions, and I can use that extra time I would've spent choosing to solve the big problems, like global warming or what do I want to get from that other food truck.  I decided to try the Little Luna Spicy Pizza, because it's reassuring when I see the place's name in the food's name, it's pretty much a pepperoni pizza with a spicy jalapeño glaze kick.  Pizza was yummy, I was relieved that the thin crust wasn't too crispy, some people like eating their pizza on what is essentially a cracker, those people are wrong, I am not one of those people, this is not one of those pizzas.  I suppose they could easily crispen it up for you if you insist on being wrong.You  can find Little Luna's current location on their facebook page, pizzas are $7 and ready in 7 minutes (at least that's what I think they said, those food trucks are crazy loud).
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,11/15/2014,18,40,3,4,5>I am completely in love with Black Orchid! We came here on a quiet sunday night (yep, they're open sundays!) and was totally blown away by everything this place has to offer. Let's start off with the decor: reminiscent of a speakeasy with some modern touches to it. I was totally digging it. The prohibition era craft cocktails are the best I've had in EPT since moving back from Austin, minus the Austin prices (my wallet definitely appreciates this). Our server was so friendly and very attentive to us. We also happened to have a small chat with the owner and were told that saturday nights are 'speakeasy nights' with a password to get in, so awesome! I can't wait to go back!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2014,11/12/2014,2,6,5,4,4>.Breakfast. The quintessential meal of the day. The meal that makes or breaks your day. Well folks. Today craze definitely is making my day. Ordered the Egg Sammy. No qualms with this sandwich whatsoever. When it was brought to me I thought I would hate the mayo put on it considering I'm not a huge mayo fan. But it definitely brought the whole thing together.  From the eggs to the spinach to the tomatoes to the perfectly toasted ciabatta bread it all came together nicely. The meal came with one side which I opted to order the blueberry pancakes. Pure bliss. The fact that I didn't even touch the syrup is a testament to how amazing these pancakes were. I'd come back for those pancakes alone! Did I mention they serve mimosas? And to top it off theyll even put pineapple juice in the mix. Which is how I love my mimosas. The key to any man's heart is a mimosa in the morning to keep the buzz going. Be warned, this beautiful thing doesn't come without a price. And at 5 dollars a pop I'd say that's the only issue I have. Then again we get paid for a.reason right?  And let's be honest. Mimosas are the bearded unicorn of the alcohol industry. Why not pay to enjoy it!?!?IM BATMAN!!!!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,11/11/2014,0,46,3,1,1>Well I finally tried the best burger in El Paso according to Chuco burger. I had a double cheese with fries. Fries are home fries with the skin still on them. They were very good, The cheeseburger was delicious and tasty but a bit on the salty side. It reminded me of a Fat Boy hamburgers. The place is a hole in the wall. The people are friendly. If your a Dallas Cowboy fan there is some old memoriabilia in this place. Don't let the outside of this place discourage you from coming in, It's good stuff, you might like it. I did.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2014,11/10/2014,64,40,3,4,4>Great friendly and helpful customer service. Drive thru service a little slow, but it is also very busy! Many different flavor combinations to choose from added to a base rum snow mix. Extra shots are very inexpensive and worth it if you want a little extra kick! Totally worth the drive on a hot summer day. They also serve gallons to go that can be kept frozen for up to two weeks.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2014,11/9/2014,4,43,2,3,2>This is a delightful, cozy, mom and pop restaurant with outstanding food and service. The atmosphere is casual and quiet with some traditional Italian music in the background. The menu has a wide variety to choose from but at this point I can only review two. My wife had the scampi Griglia, large shrimps atop a delicious fettuccine pasta with white sauce. She doesn't like mussels so she missed out on the better dish that I had - the Segovia special, pasta with white sauce and an enormous load of mussels, prawns, shrimp, squid, scallops and clams. Entrees come with a choice of soup or salad. We both opted for the salads. The house dressing was wonderful. Almost as soon as we were seated out came warm rolls with a garlic and olive oil dip which had a nice little bite to it. A good variety of desserts is available. We chose the lemon cheese cake and a tiramisu to take home. One minor complaint - but not big enough to cost them a star, was having to get up and ask for tea and water refills. If Yelp allowed half stars, I might have dinged them. But everything was too good to degrade the rating over a glass of tea.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,11/8/2014,7,23,3,3,4>The atmosphere is that of a greasy spoon/diner which is great.  Customer service was exceptional, and the enchiladas I had for breakfast were amazing.  I have also had the chile relleno plate in the past which also delivers happiness to my taste buds. I love this place.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2014,11/7/2014,3,24,4,5,3>This was our second lunch time visit.  My wife had a "small" spinach and mushroom calzone, while I tried the small Philly cheese steak.  On the previous visit, we split an antipasto and small mushroom and olive pizza.  All the foods were great -- flavor, tastes and temperature -- and I can recommend.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2014,11/6/2014,1,8,2,2,2>Love the laid back atmosphere of this place and on my second visit the bartender remembered me and my drink order! Nice touch! Very social place which is always enjoyable. Wasn't totally satisfied with the consistance of food. Ordered the same plate both visits and the first time was noticably better.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,11/5/2014,8,2,2,3,4>First of all, this is a quality restaurant. I was completely satisfied with the service and the food quality, also a worthy mention is the customer service and the cleanliness can be considered the cream of the crop. Customer service is made up of the family members of this restaurant, which includes the owner. They greet the customers by name and even acknowledge them when they are leaving. First impressions of the restaurant were great. The décor is classy and also has a vintage calm setting. Which even looked more beautiful with the rain on the outside!  it definitely is a hidden gem that needs to be publicized and broadcasted.  The plate I had was a Vegetarian panini with chicken. Yes... I did add the chicken to a vegetarian dish, but it was suggested by the waiter. Which resulted in a great combination!  The potato soup was rich in flavor and very creamy. The side salad is fresh with green leaf lettuce and cherry tomatoes with an onion dressing.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2014,11/4/2014,10,45,1,5,3>I have gone to this restaurant since I was a kid (and when I use to eat meat in ABUNDANCE).  Of all the barbeque restaurants in El Paso, I have to say, this by far is the best.  The  meats are always cooked well, and if you get the All you Can Stand, it is limitless.  I would recommend the sausage, the brisket and the beef ribs.  The tradition when we go is to get a 1/2 white 1/2 wheat loaf.  This is more bread than we need, but it makes excellent french toast the next day.  As you know,  I don't eat red meat/poultry any more, but that doesn't mean that I leave here on an empty stomach.  The fish and the veggie kabobs are both very well prepared.  The reason I didn't give this 4 stars is I don't like their sides.  The coleslaw and the potato salad both have too much mayo in them.  For coleslaw, I do like it slightly sweeter as well.  Also, while I do like Bluebell ice cream, I really do miss when State LIne use to make their own.  Those made some righteous shakes!
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,11/3/2014,8,57,7,5,6>I write this review with a heavy heart...sadly we all must say good-bye to MS Grill!  This location is now closed but I had to drop by with my wife one last time to recall all the great memories. For those of you saying, "what you talkin' bout Willis?" right about now, don't worry, they are reopening right down the street!As usual, our reservation for a table in the fire place room was quickly granted to us upon entering the restaurant.  This room was extra special being that it was where I proposed to my wife.  The The waiter was prompt and courteous and brought over out celebratory bottle of moscato promptly, ice bucket and all.  My wife absolutely loves the bread rolls and they are a fluffy, sweet blend of dough that makes you think your biting into a cloud smeared with butter!Our meal came perfectly timed.  I ordered the 14 oz Delmonico Prime Rib-eye with a side baked potato and it was absolutely delicious.  I ordered it medium and it was a little over cooked but the juicy flavors I long for in a medium were still there.  A pleasant surprise came in the form of a bacon wrapped jalapeño and it really complimented the steak.  The baked potato was great and comes with bacon, cheese, sour cream, and butter on the side.  My wife ordered the Spicy Shirmp Pasta and it was a lovely, creamy texture that really blended well with the most crisp, freshest shrimp I have ever tasted!  I'm not usually a shrimp kind of person because they often don't taste fresh, but once I took a bite of my wife's dish I couldn't help but pause for a moment to really appreciate the freshness. We were going to dive into a dessert but just simply could not after the lovely meal we had just had.  I will definitely be looking forward to their new location over on Sunbowl & Mesa!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,11/1/2014,12,27,1,4,4>This place is on point.  Great bagels,  cinnamon rolls, coffee. Free Wi-Fi,  lots of outlets to plug into.  I usually order an everything bagel with plain cream cheese.  My son loves the cinnamon rolls. They started serving protein shakes,  so I may have to stop after coming to the gym.  Love this place.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,10/31/2014,27,78,3,3,3>This place has been a staple in the UTEP/ Cincinnati district. They do a good job of BBQ, they have changed their menu to my surprise. On this trip I had the small combo platter with brisket, sausage, beans and coleslaw. The beans could have been a little sweeter but all in all they are very good. If your in the area give them a shot, they arnt the Stateline but they do well.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,10/30/2014,2,4,1,5,3>This has been, by far, the best ranch I've been to for horseback riding.  I looked around El Paso when I moved here, and nobody else really cut it.... but when I found El Paso Trail Rides, I didn't look back.  I usually go out on two hour rides through the desert of New Mexico.  Every horse I've been on has been great.  They are well mannered and responsive.  This is a great place for new riders to come.  I have rode with brand new riders and by the time they finish a ride, they are all smiles.  The staff is professional and takes their time with every rider.Definitely a great way to get out and enjoy a few hours.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,10/29/2014,66,123,3,3,3>Def an El Paso favorite, right in line with the southern comfort food trend that's taken the nation. Service is friendly and hipstamatic. Cocktails and beer well selected to compliment the food and decidedly for people with good taste in etOH. So not the sort of hipster crap where you drink Natty Ice or Bud Light and "enjoy." I've been for lunch dinner. The littles are welcome always, but be warned - super tight dining room. No running room. A wait is likely. My lunch lobster tomato soup and grilled cheese was better than the grits and pork I had for dinner. The bread pudding is really delicious!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2014,10/28/2014,6,15,1,2,3>Outstanding.  The food I remember from the 90s is back. Lili is awesome.  We had Mongolian beef, Gen. Tao's chicken and Chicken Fried Rice, egg rolls and soups. All absolutely awesome.  For those who are regulars, beg for her to bring the ONION PANCAKE to the menu.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2014,10/27/2014,4,11,1,3,2>At last!! we got a gem in the west side of El Paso.Loved it, will come back again and again!The imaginative creations impress us with great flavors! Between my husband and myself ordered lots of plates that we enjoyed and we are looking forward to go back and try new ones. Without doubt, this is the best and most creative sushi restaurant in El Paso. Wonderful evening of great food, every plate is impeccably prepared.We followed Ji and Yoshi recommendations and we did not regretted. The service was amazing and we recommend to try it! We certainly will again!!
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2014,10/26/2014,37,41,2,2,2>We used to frequent this location when it was Amuse. We liked the hand-cut steaks and the homemade béarnaise sauce. Sadly, like Crust, another restaurant in the same shopping center, Amuse went out of business.We didn't try the sushi during the days of Amuse. I was told the Korean partner who operated the sushi bar took over the restaurant, to re-launch it as Koi. I can't attest to this, as I don't know the proprietor, however,  I can most certainly attest to the skill of the Korean sushi chef, Ha Khun, and the amazing quality and freshness of the seafood.Ha Khun goes by the nickname Cancun, which is how the Hispanic staff, including his sous-chef, refers to him.Although their sake list is not as good as Sunny's, primarily because they don't offer Wakatake Onigoroshi and their top sake is grossly overpriced, their sushi is phenomenal. Like the best sushi restaurants in Denver, Koi receives shipments of fresh seafood from global seafood markets and distributors on a weekly basis. Technically, the best evening to visit is Thursday, or Wednesday if their shipment arrives on Wednesday afternoon instead of Thursday morning.We always start with a custom sashimi platter. Khun has always included Kumamoto oysters with a scallion and wasabi oil/relish, and ama-ebi (raw prawn) with its crisply fried, prawn head. This platter is world-class, seriously.Other excellent dishes include the Volcano Roll, and a roll with shrimp and small jalapeño slices (I don't remember the name).I happen to love uni, sea urchin roe. Koi is the only restaurant in EP where I have enjoyed uni. It was fresh, creamy, and delicious. Unfortunately, they don't always have uni, but when they do, it's excellent.The service is also excellent, Oscar is our usual waiter. The atmosphere is terrific, with live music on Friday and Saturday nights.My only food criticism: the miso soup is a bit thin, it would taste better with more miso.My only general criticism: they didn't tell us the new medium-high-end sake's price until we received the bill. I had to have CPR to recover from the shock. :DAll in all, I have no hesitation in saying this is the best sushi restaurant I have found in El Paso. Its sashimi is world-class. I highly recommend Koi Japanese Fusion.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,10/25/2014,63,174,,3,2>First time here with my husband this weekend for lunch, and was pleasantly surprised. More upscale than I expected for the location, and a very nice atmosphere for both dining and people watching. They serve fresh breads with many of their lunch items, and the zucchini bread was delicious. I had the salmon salad, which was cooked perfect and had a wonderful dressing. My husband had the pork salad which had a great presentation and he said was tasty. Many nice options on the menu, both healthy and not :) Overall a great place to add into the lunch rotation, I'll definitely be back.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,10/24/2014,8,307,1,2,2>After a trip to the El Paso Airport with friends, the 4 of us decided to have pizza for lunch.  We were not disappointed with our choice.  First of the side salads with our pizza was real nice with fresh greens, little tomatoes, walnuts, and pear slices.  The wood fired pizzas were outstanding.  Our friend's Smoked Mozzarella Pizza was topped with sliced yellow peppers, sausage, and smoked homemade cheese.  My wife and I had two pizzas, so we could bring home some of each for later.  The Marguerita Pizza with red sauce, basil and homemade cheese was delicious and my Marinara Pizza with red sauce, oregano, and garlic.  I did add sausage and fresh homemade cheese.  My pizza was also outstanding.  Service was very good.  Would definitely return.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,10/23/2014,9,12,1,8,3>a black belt teaches the classes here and I love how he interacts so good with the kids! classes range from young children to adults of all ages.  this place is always full in the afternoons so seating for parents is limited.owners are really nice and the whole ambiance is family friendly. they sell shirts and gi's here so you can place your order. They attend competitions and it's a great place to learn how to kick butt. My 11 years old loves it and I see whole families join and practice together. bring sandals .. because your barefoot on the mat for an hour and you get really sweaty.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2014,10/22/2014,1,3,3,3,3>I would give it five stars but it's not perfect, but that's what's cool about it. Small place, little patio, older crowd in the day and younger in the evenings. The food is bar food but it's good. Overall cool place.I recommend biatches lol
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2014,10/21/2014,2,2,1,2,2>Amazing work! So impressed by how well he fixed my shoes! They look brand new! Check my pictures. They were really bad when I gave it to him and now they look amazing! He's very nice and very sweet! Always looking forward to make his customers happy!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2014,10/20/2014,9,12,1,3,3>The food and drinks are great. I have been here a few times and I like it more and more every time.The hibiscus martini, lychee martini and watermelon jalapeño margarita are highly recommended.The CG burger with the truffle parmesan fries was delicious.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2014,10/19/2014,11,18,3,2,4>After a night out, I requested to come here to try the famous rolled tacos. I'm not from El Paso but have been wanting to try them. If your from here, you love it. Not from here, you hate it. That's how it is. What did I think about the tacos?  They were not very flavorful,  but I still liked them. Idk if it was because I had a few beers in my system and was super hungry lol....who cares?!?!?!  My friend is from El Paso and she only comes to this location and it holds a lot of good memories for her. So for that I could appreciate the tacos. And then we threw the fries in the left over sauce and cheese. Which was also good.I'll be back :)Mahalo Chico's Tacos
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,10/18/2014,24,15,3,3,4>I drive by this place all the time and I can't believe I BARELY stepped foot inside of it. First of all, inside it is beautiful. Very nice contemporary design. No offence to all the other wonderful Asian places I have been to but most of them have all been hole in the wall, blank wall, cheesy decor, simple furniture, non-beer, wine, alcohol serving establishments.....but I returned time and time again for the good food.  Koreana was elegant, clean, and well lit. The food was DELICIOUS and very well priced. I was worried by the way the place looked that we were gonna end up overspending but the prices ended up being very reasonable. As an appetizer we had the fried pork dumplings that arrived very quickly to our table. They were perfectly crispy on the outside and tender and flavorful on the outside. Just as I was about to order another one because my 3 year old nearly scarfed them ALL down like there was no tomorrow (There was 5 on the plate I believe) our food had arrived. I had some sushi rolls and my husband had the new york strip. All three of us were very happy with our food and left completely satisfied.I can eat Asian food a few times a week and my husband is maybe a once a month type of guy but Koreana pleased him so much he said he wouldn't mind it  being one of our regular spots. Try it out!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2014,10/17/2014,1,7,2,2,2>one of my favorite lunch time spots. we're regulars here. the food is always good and the staff is very friendly.I normally get whatever is on the Specials board. you get a choice of three plates, a soup, and all the iced tea you can drink. as the day goes on, they cross out what they run out of.I will say that sometimes they add too much water to the salsa, it ends up tasteless.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2014,10/16/2014,1,41,1,1,1>The grand opening is happening soon, but they are already open for dinner.  I've been to Grimaldi's in Scottsdale and San Antonio, and this location delivers the same great pizza I've come to expect.  Ordered the house salad, a pepperoni and mushroom pizza, and a pesto pizza with italian sausage.  All of it was great.  The large pizza is pretty big with huge slices.  Very thin crust so it's nice and crispy.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,10/15/2014,8,5,,3,2>Enjoyed every bit of our meal! The outdoor seating  was so nice and very family friendly.  We had the veggie burger and caprese burger along with the sweet potato fries. Amazing!!My 8 year old had the kids shrimp and it was very very good!! My Stella glass was icy and the beer very cold:) the service was outstanding. I highly recommend Ripe to everyone, I feel so lucky to live so close by and look forward to many more meals here!!!!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2014,10/13/2014,0,3,2,4,4>My husband and I will travel from the East Side when we are craving the perfect burger! The ingredients are fresh, buns are soft, perfect patty size and the onion rings are the best! I always get a caramel sundae to top it all off! If you're looking for a quaint little place, with great service, and delicious burgers, Pop's is the place to go to when your itching for something different!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2014,10/12/2014,13,8,1,3,4>My husband and I came in on a Sunday morning for pedicures and we both really enjoyed our experience here. We were the only people in the salon and were seated right away  I got a male technician who was very nice and did a great job with my massage ( I'm a little sensitive and am great-full when they're not too rough). Husband had a female tech who was so friendly and talked with us the whole time. After the pedicure we both got a shoulder massage!! Heavenly. Needless to say I think this is our new go to for pedicures.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,10/11/2014,26,31,3,7,7>I feel like I got away with robbery!!!! You truly never know what you are going to get with Groupon. It's like playing Russian Roulette, you're either going to get a great deal or die trying. Either way it's an adrenaline rush. I purchased a Groupon online for Carlos Alonso.  Full highlights and a trim for $62.When I entered the salon I was pleasantly surprised! It was very nice and packed, which is always a good sign.  There was champagne and orange juice on the table up front,  I figured I must be in a dream! I mean it was Cooks champagne, but still!  I requested Ombré from Carlos and he really did the best Ombré I've ever had.   My hair looks amazing!!! He's fast too. He informed me he's been doing hair for 16 years and I could definitely tell he was experienced.   He did my hair in about an hour and 15 minutes. I have very thick, long hair. Last time I got it done it took the person 4 hours!I don't know why this Michelangelo of hair is on Groupon but go get this deal! You too can have a luxurious spa experience for the price of highlights at Super Cuts!Go! Now!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,10/10/2014,25,11,4,5,3>Small, simple Bavarian restaurant.  That's a good thing.  I lived in Augsburg, Germany for three years.  I saw most of what Germany can offer.  Bavaria, a small southern region of Germany is looked upon like "the south" of stereotypes here in the states is amongst the rest of the country.  Keep in mind soul food comes from our south.  I find a correlation in Germany.You tell a German not from there that you were in ...  Lets say, Augsburg.   The reply is usually the same, "eghgh( that phlegmy guffaw that is filled with disdain) that's Bavaria!"  Speak to a Bavarian and the first topic that comes up is the food.Little Bavaria covers most plates spoken of in that resulting conversation.  I must say, too, they cover them well.  I've tried most and have yet to have one meal that was average or worse.  All have been good or fantastic.  Inevitably, the excitement limits the pre-meal conversation.  The first few bites lead to nostalgia and reminiscence of longed after days gone by.  This is where only the good memories are remembered.  Good food should be experienced.  You get that here.  My favorite changes every time, but the jäger schnitzel is a reoccurring first place contender!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,10/9/2014,14,12,1,4,2>This is a great place to grab a deli sandwich for lunch. The menu has a wide selection and the portions are generous and reasonably priced. The dinning area is shabby and worn and the first impression left me with reservations as to the quality of the food. However after ordering  the large turkey, avocado and bacon sandwich I quickly forgot the dated interior and happily devoured my tasty sandwich. I have eaten here several times and have never had an issue with the smell of the place. If you're hung up on a more modern atmosphere you may not be comfortable eating here; however if a great  tasting sandwich for a reasonable price is your main concern skip the local chain deli restaurant and give the Brown Bag Deli a shot.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,10/8/2014,12,36,4,3,4>Finally a Mexican Restaurant were their plates were full of flavors!  The environment was great, live mariachi, excellent service, and the food OH MY!!!!! Delicious!!!! I had the carnitas (wow!!), my husband had the steak tacos ( yummy!!!) and my girls had the caldo de res soup (beef soup), O_O!!!! Best Mexican restaurant so far in El Paso!!! And try their white sangria, best drink ever!!!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,10/7/2014,11,18,1,1,1>There is a nice atmophere here and it's well decorated.  The service is friendly as well, creating an overal relaxed and pleasant experience.The food is terrific, and well prepared.  The daily margarita specials are nothing to complain about either.  The Saturday and Sunday brunch is fun there, but it's buffet food, so not as high quality as what you'd get off the menu.  That's to be expected at any buffet though.  They DO however have made-to-order omeletes that are included in the buffet, and those are terrific! Overall, I'd recommend this place for a nice dinner or a fun weekend brunch with family or friends.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2014,10/6/2014,10,3,1,1,1>I've been looking for a place in El Paso that fit the following criteria: light, healthy and relatively cheap. I think my search is finally over. This place is a stone's throw away from West Fort Bliss and the food is reasonably good. I tried a half order (5 pieces) of the salmon rolls and the spicy ramen. The salmon rolls weren't exactly the best, but it's far far from the worst. Let's just say that I could probably eat it once a day and not get tired of it. Although, I'm not really that picky of an eater... The spicy ramen was filling and pretty tasty.Overall this place has really nice healthy choices at a decent price and tastes pretty good. I give it 4 non-Fukushima-radiated-sushi stars out of 5.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,10/5/2014,5,18,1,3,4>Another great Korean place to go. Older Korean couple run this place. The "ban chan" is buffet style and you can get as much as you want. My favorite is the  and the . Some of them can taste a little odd as they sit out all day.Pro:Spicy rice cake is really good, but super spicy and I handle heat very well is buffet style"Jap cheh" is really saucy and has a ton of flavorK-drama/korean news plays on the TV (I'm still learning Korean)Open on most daysMake certain dishes I can't find in other restaurantsCon:The  is left out all day so some of the not so popular ones get cold/stale noodles are not the thick egg ones I really likeThis place really saved me when I had to work on thanksgiving but didn't want to eat at a fast food place near work. It definitely made me feel better even though I'm far from family.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2014,10/4/2014,16,25,2,2,2>Photography By Lizette has the best photography work in El Paso, period.  She does especially good work with infants, babies and young children.  Very quick service and not too pricey.  They also do weddings and events as well.  I saw her banner at a community event as a corporate sponsor.  I like to do business with people who give back to the community.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2014,10/3/2014,9,64,1,2,3>This place is wonderful! I went in and it was after lunch so it was empty except for two customers. The waitress was so friendly and efficient, very caring about how we liked our food. I had a falafel sandwich, my friend had the gyro meal. More than enough for both of us! The bread was awesome! I asked the owner of they made the bread and he said yes and even showed me the traditional oven! The falafel was so good but I didn't finish, I brought some home and my son who is a die hard carnivore, ate the rest and loved it! Everything they made us was fresh and so tasty! I also ordered sage tea and it was perfect and I am kinda fanatical about the tea I drink:) I am definitely going to recommend this place to everyone! And I will be back! Loved it! Parking was a challenge but there is a Walmart down the road on the same side of the street so don't let parking be a deterrent.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2014,10/2/2014,27,10,2,4,3>El Paso has many great places to hike. But what makes McKelligon Canyon unique to any other hiking destination is that there is something for pretty much everyone.  Aside from the main hiking trail that connects McKelligon Canyon to the Transmountain Pass many people like to frequent the canyon for a quick jog. ( 2.5 miles up hill, 5 miles round trip).A top of the hill there are plenty of covered park benches which also offers a amazing view of Juarez due south. The one downside to the picnic area is the lack of facilities. The nearest restroom is located 3 miles down the road at the 7-11.  McKelligon I also frequented by cyclists, mountain climbers, and nature enthusiasts. The Canyon also offers performances on occasion in the amphitheater but the facility is run down and is in need of some improvements. Whatever your activity is McKelligon Canyon has a lot to offer and is located in the center of town!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2014,10/1/2014,0,4,4,4,5>It's a must try here in El Paso, so many options on the menu you'll be stuck in line for days cause everything sounds so good. Well a must try in the winter is a nice cup of their drip coffee or their white mocha latte. Even their hot chocolate beats dunkin donuts hot chocolate. In the summer their mango smoothie or their Oreo frappe (warning: Oreo frappe is highly addicting, try that only during summer or you'll regret it in the winter). Even the lattes there are great iced. Now to eat, I'm not to much of a fan of their noodle soup but only cause I don't like ramen, but their sandwhiches are delicious! My favorite is the BLT. Now the crepes sandwhich might sound overwhelming but the ham and Swiss beats the BLT sandwhich. And the dessert crepes are customizable so Nutella with bananas and strawberry and I've fallen in love! I'm sure the employees there get tired of seeing me there but they are super nice, it's also a lay back place to study or chill so I'm sure the workers there will never leave their jobs haha.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2014,9/30/2014,10,26,3,5,4>Sabertooth gets four bangin stars mainly bc of its hip ambiance, good service, and solid taste and portion. It didnt blow me away but it left me satisfied. We have been eyeing Sabertooth for awhile... Being self claimed gastronaut, i enjoyed tongue tacos at Valentines (the restaurant before ST) and had mixed feelings about saying bye to tongue taco and hello to new hip approach to modern american/hip mexican food. The ambiance: very hip chic w punk twist... Mason jars and burlap curtains. People with long mountain beards with extensive display of tattoos sipping wine. It felt like seattle/austin in the middle of desert. Our server was nice, explained everything we asked and waited patiently bc we took really long time to decide. Also they have this partnership w hope and anchor (bar next door) so you can bring their drinks in here or bring your food there, etc. my only complaint is that music was bit loud in the beginning of the night so my husband and I couldnt really hear much of each other. Menu: i think this is something that could use an improvement... Nothing special. I thought w hipster approach they would be more creative w their menu... Just nachos mac and cheese burgers and torta. I think EP has enough restaurants trying to do the same thing (star kitchen, crave, toms). Thats just my two cents.Food: portion decent. Taste: chile relleno was ok. Not the best i had but i can see they were trying to be bit different.... But couldnt taste it beyond the fried food taste. Mac and cheese was good, smoky and complex. Pulled pork torta: money. Mexican spicy sloppy joe with fresh mango/apple on top... It was a good mix. Food allergies: When I came home, I was itching all over. Never had that before... BUT I tend to have a lot of food sensitivities, including gluten, msg, etc. So unless you are sensitive like I am, don't let that discourage you... I just wanted to let u know.Price: decent. Average $10 per person overall: pretty good place to chill w minimal talking, people watch, and eat some classic recipes w a small twist. Pretty good price. I think this place is ideal foe bar hoppers looking for some late night grub (which is not me so I dont know when Ill be back).
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,9/29/2014,142,61,6,4,5>Came here to hear The Lonely Boys band. I've heard some of their music like "Heaven" "Velvet Sky" and others so decided to put up with the crowd I knew was going to be there. This park has a stage where the band played. Food trucks and beer was being sold. The park rangers were very serious about their job as they patrolled the park. It started raining before the concert started. i skillfully pulled out my umbrella and proceeded to stay dry when out of nowhere this random lady literally slumps under my umbrella where I was sitting. I was shocked at first and then thought well maybe she just wants to stay dry as I noticed the only thing in her hand was her purse so I had some compassion for her until she was wanting to sit on my lap! I asked her what she was doing and that she couldn't give me a lap dance, I mean sit on my lap! lol. Anyways she walked away and that was that. The park is nice and clean. Bring the family! Oh and look out for the random lap dancing wanting to stay dry lady!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/5/2014,9/28/2014,47,34,5,5,5>Honestly, I'm not a fan of fast food burgers, and avoid even Whataburger.The burger was fine. Not spectacular, but decent. I'd caution you before adding the green chile; it's actually got a spicy kick to it. I know the restaurant can't control it, and while I enjoy spicy, it was slightly too spicy to enjoy. One observation and tip: the soda fountain area has no ice machine. Ask one of the very friendly workers for more ice if you need some. Stop by if you like burgers. If you're like me, and figure you'll pass, is say you give it at least a shot.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,9/27/2014,67,52,4,7,5>A one of a kind place for a one of a kind experience. Craft & Social is a must even if you're not in to beer (which I wasn't) because I guarantee you will find something you like, if not love.Located in the heart of downtown on Franklin Street, Craft and Social has a very different vibe compared to most bars.  You enter the bar and the lighting is low, so it gives you a warm feeling.  The seating is also varied, they have everything from sofas, wood pallet tables and chairs, communal high chaired seating, and bar stools.  The decoration is odd because it's a collection of randomly picked and placed trinkets along with painted doors that are hung on the walls and board games which people actually play.  All of these attributes come together to form one very exceptional bar.Now, pay attention, because at this bar you will ONLY find craft beer, wine and delicious food.  No, you can't go and order a cocktail, and no you can't order a Budweiser it's not that type of bar and the owners have made it very clear.  Every bar caters to specific tastes and C&S caters to a your craft beer tastes.  I haven't had the chance to taste all beers obviously, but I try to have my pick of different beers every time I go, and let me tell you, each one I have tasted is great.  Ok so the food is amazing. The sandwiches taste so unbelievably good, the Foghorn and the vegetable sandwiches are my favorites.  You have your choice of side and while I usually pick the cucumber chips (sliced cucumbers with lime and lava salt) the hexa chips are equally delicious.  If you stop by C&S eating a sandwich is a must, although I always share because they're a big chunk of sandwich.The service is always great, the bartenders are always very willing to give you a sample of their draft beers or recommend something along the lines of your choice.  Craft and Social might not be for everyone, or so you think, but if you give it a try it will hold a special place in your heart.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,9/26/2014,9,13,3,2,2>there are two things about this place that they do not kid around about. it is a saloon, in every sense. it is also very much at the edge of texas.this is a good place if you like to live, although i can't say the same if you want to live long. i ordered the "boss's choice," and while it dances in the realm of $20-30, anything on that steak menu comes with a decent amount of sides. soup/salad, and two more sides. and the servings aren't ridiculously huge, but still pretty sizable for a $20-30.there was a spicy chicken fajita soup, or something like that. delicious, cheesy, messy. loved it. the baked potato, cheese, sour cream a couple other things i couldn't identify were really crammed in there. pretty good, and i'm not really much of a baked potato fan either.i ordered a filet, which was huge, way bigger than i thought. i wasn't particularly fond of the fact that it was salted a bit much and peppered way too much, but nothing a little scraping couldn't handle. still annoying though. good medium rare with some charring on the edges.the bartender was no slouch either. talkative, attentive, but quick to bring out my order.comparing this to say, the all american cattle company, the place is a step up in food and atmosphere, beat out only by location. aside from the fact that it is almost in the middle of nowhere at the intersection between two highways, it definitely has a saloon feel to it, or if you prefer a straight restaurant, go to the restaurant side. i'd stick to the bar/saloon side. things just seem better over there, probably because i was one of the last customers in there.maybe it was the protein shake i had earlier, or the beer, or the food, but i was pretty loaded up by the end. i didn't even feel the need to stay for a scotch. which i partially regret.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2014,9/25/2014,25,35,1,2,2>Complete honesty - I used to REALLY not like Carlos and Mickey's, to the point that I did not go here for years.  I had a business meeting a month or two ago, and this is where we ended up.  I really wasn't looking forward to it, didn't want to go.  But...  This place has changed, a lot.  Looks a lot the same, but the food quality has gotten a LOT better, the service was great, and the entertainment (a band that night) was great.  Overall, one of the most fun nights out I have had in a bit.  Really didn't want to like it, but I did.  Nice changes made here, I will go back again.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,9/24/2014,5,21,,1,2>Definitively a great experience. All dishes we ordered were delicious. Fried goat cheese was my favorite (can't recall if that was the actual name of it). Service was great and ambience was perfect.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,9/23/2014,9,9,1,1,1>Never having been to Chicago, I can't comment on whether this is authentic Chicago style pizza or not. But I will comment on the pizza served, the beer selection, service and atmosphere. Started off with the rippled cheese appetizer, as during happy hour the appetizers are half price. The dish is made of four huge, moist, delicious meatballs covered in sauce and melted mozzarella. A winner! Order the pizza with all the meats. This is a big, thick pie, about 2-3 inches thick. Not for the weak of appetite or on a diet. Each slice was packed with meatballs, pepperoni, and sausage over a tasty sauce and smothered with the same delicious mozzarella as the appetizer. One slice is truly enough to fill you up. Winner winner!The beer selection is one of the best of any place in town. Plenty of craft on tap and even more in bottles/cans. And unlike some snootier joints that want to force you to drink craft brews, Sparrows stocks a variety of regular domestic beers. I had Oskar Blues Mama's Little Yella Pils on tap. A tasty, refreshing brew. Next I had Odell's Loose Leaf American Session Ale. Equally tasty and refreshing. But then again I haven't met a brew from Oskar Blues or Odell's that I haven't liked. Even more amazing than the selection are the happy hour prices on the beers, craft included. This joint has to have the best prices I have ever seen. Winning! Lastly, the service and atmosphere. Out bartender/server was friendly, quick , and attentive. He was the only one in the front of the house and even when it got busy, his service never lacked. The atmosphere is cozy due to the small space. Great music playing and plenty of TVs showing your favorite team. Sparrows is a winner in my book!
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2014,9/22/2014,2,5,,2,3>I visited this place with my stepson after reading about it online.  The place was clean,  and the staff was friendly.  The burgers were great! So dang flavorful! The only thing that would have made the burger better was a Belle Sucre bun. I would love to try this place again.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2014,9/21/2014,6,3,3,5,2>Woohoo! As good as it gets! Finally I found a restaurant that is on par with what you would actually find in Korea. While living in Korea, I quickly fell in love with the cuisine. I came back to El Paso and had painful korean food withdrawals. For nearly 2 years I went to other korean restaurants in town and usually I was disappointed and so my withdrawals continued. Then I heard about a new restaurant that opened so I went to try it, I was expecting the same, but to my surprise the food was delicious, it tasted like authentic korean food. The service was great, but more importantly the food was to die for. Finally my cravings where satisfied and my withdrawals subsided.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2014,9/20/2014,10,46,1,2,2>This little coffee shop is quickly becoming apart of my Saturday routine. Dare i say that i like it better than SBs coffee. I really like the taste of their coffee and due to the strength of the coffee there is no need for several different sizes. 12 ounces suffices. The only reason it doesnt get 5 stars is because of the hours of operations. 9-5 is not convient for me during the week since I dont work on the Eastside.All and all I recommend this off the beaten path coffee shop
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,9/19/2014,0,5,,2,3>Friendly, clean, and very nice environment. From the moment you make the appointment to the moment you leave with your new hair, the staff is nice. I'm a very picky person, especially when it comes to my hair, but I never come out dusspaointed from here.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2014,9/18/2014,0,18,1,2,2>I got highlights and a cut here today. The place is beautiful. It's huge. My hair turned out just the way I wanted it, but it was a little pricey. I paid 120 for a highlight and a cut, plus a tip. I'll probably make this my new go to hair salon for highlights just because they did a good job... I'll just have to pay that much if I want a good job done around here. I couldn't believe it was more than I usually paid back home in New York.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2014,9/17/2014,0,22,,2,3>I've been going to Casuals for almost 15 Years. The nail tech is the best I've ever been to. I would never consider changing. She is very professional and friendly. We always have the best conversation and fun while she does my nails.  She also has a small boutique with the latest fashions from LA,  including purses, jewelry and other accessories. Recently,  she added a hairdresser which truly makes the shop a full service salon.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2014,9/16/2014,6,8,2,2,3>My gosh! It. Has been since like Christmas that I last had a tamale. Someone picked some up from here yesterday and I had one at work. Holy Toledo! It was to die for! The best I can remember! I thought it was shredded beef (how do you say in Spanish, deshebrada?) but I have been informed tamales are only pork. Well, anyway, I need to go back and get some. (Everybody oughta get some! Ha! Ha!)
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2014,9/15/2014,1,4,,2,3>We tried Sunny's sushi for the very first time. After hearing tons and tons of positive things about it and an insatiable craving for sushi, we were in the area and decided to take a gamble. The gamble was so very worth it. I have NEVER been to a sushi restaraunt with such FANTASTIC food and service. I was blown away. It was insae the amount of people that were waiting to get in after we had been seated. And people were fine with waiting too. Food was out of this world. We decided to try the the option where you get two rolls of the chef's choosing. We were not let down. Everyone was so kind. If you want some authentic sushi with a great atmosphere, I highly reccomend Sunny's!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2014,9/14/2014,61,8,1,1,2>When people talk about how great the food is in El Paso, the Little Diner is often what they're thinking about.  A definite and well earned favorite among the locals.  Now I know some people in El Paso look with snobbery upon the rest of Texas and their Tex-Mex, but I like to think that the Little Diner is Tex-Mex, and is really really good!  They raise the level of Tex-Mex by making some great Texas favorites, but only as an El Pasoan knows how.The Little Diner serves up great chile con queso and their chili bowl is almost unparalleled in flavor with no beans in it.  Shiner bock plastered proudly below the counter from which you order.  UTEP signs proudly posted about the place, and wonderful pictures and paintings of the beautiful southwest, El Paso and Ciudad Juarez abound.  Some people in El Paso have a sense of identity crisis, the people at the Little Diner do not have that problem.They make the best gorditas, in the world.  Whether you go chile colorado or ground beef, I've grown up on these masa pocketed things of wonder since I was a toddler.  I can recall the first time I had a gordita from another restaurant, and just thought, "this isn't right?"  They prepare their own masa for making gorditas, enchiladas, tacos, tamales, this place is legit.  Their chile rellenos by themselves or in a wonderful little burrito are delightful.  They are famous for having some of the, if not just about the best red chile sauce ever for their enchiladas.  Yes the enchiladas are a bit simple, but with that balance of cheese, tortilla, onions, and the sauce....who cares it's amazing!  The salsa is homemade and spicy as all get out, and the guacomole is velvety smooth, to go with your homemade tortilla chips.The place is great.  They have their off days, and we've gone and been and disappointed before, but if you want perfect consistency and safety in expectation go to pinche chili's hombre.  These guys have managed to keep quality up overall for decades.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2014,9/13/2014,180,631,4,5,5>Hot Chicks serves some pretty decent wings, they have a nice variety of sauces that cover everything from basics, to specialties, to the unique (Snickers?), and pretty good appetizers.  It has an authentic local, neighborhood sports bar vibe to it, a good place to watch some sports.The menu offers most of your standard sports grill items (nachos, cheese fries, burgers, wings (duh)), but when I asked the server what she recommended that was unique she suggested the Cream Bacon Jalapeños which sounded like stuffed jalapeños to me and I wondered why they didn't just call them that.  I was wrong (kinda), and she totally earned her tip with that suggestion because they are terrific!The Cream Bacon Jalapeños are a pretty unique (at least to me) and delicious appetizer, they are grilled jalapeño halves stuffed with cream cheese and wrapped in a bacon strip, alone or dipped in some ranch, they are yummy.  Highly recommend them.The wings are decent sized, I've seen bigger (that's what she said), but they won't leave you unsatisfied (that's what I said).  I tried 3 wing sauces: hot, green chile, and tango mango.  I always get the basic hot sauce the first time to see how well a place does the basics.  The hot sauce was average, and average buffalo isn't all that bad, just not out of the ordinary. Tango Mango was good, but the Green Chile was my favorite out of the 3.  I do wish the wings were saucier, next time I'll ask for extra sauce.The atmosphere is a tad divey, but not in a bad sense, the low lighting creates a very bar-ish atmosphere.  There's lots of tables, and just as importantly, lots of TVs.  Service was fast and friendly.Hot Chicks doesn't really do anything you can't find in similar places around town, but that's not a bad thing, not everything has to be unique and special, what really matters is that it's a good place to get some grub with your friends and watch the game.  I'm adding it to my Football watching rotation.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,9/12/2014,25,46,3,6,6>El Paso needs more venues like the Black Orchid! Very nicely decorated! The jazz music they were playing was superb. For a while I felt like I was back in St Louis. The bartender was friendly in a dry sort of way. Very serious yet professional. The first drink I had was the Bee's Knee's! My absolute favorite very citrusy and refreshing. I cannot remember the exact name of my second drink but it was something like the Mexicanita. Equally as delicious! I will be visiting this place frequently!!!
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,9/11/2014,66,85,5,6,5>Yummy in my tummy! I feel guilt free eating a pizza from here compared to your typical pizza delivery joint. The dough is whole wheat thin and crispy similar to toasty pita bread. The cheese is vegan and all the vegetables are fresh! They offer a spicy marinara sauce that is deliciously NOT spicy haha it just has a nice little kick to it. The pizzas are personal size so don't you dare think about sharing.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,9/10/2014,86,46,5,8,6>Came in with super high expectations from reading yelp reviews & walked out thoroughly impressed!! I was nervous for a second when I saw how thin the patties were.. but the flavor more than makes up for it.I ordered a southwestern burger which comes with green chili, bacon, and asadero cheese - all very mild. Added fresh avocado as recommended by the cashier. I can whole heartedly agree with the others who've boldly claimed,  "Best burgers in El Paso".  It's strange, come to think of it, how obsessed EP is over burgers and mac 'n cheese variations. Strange, but definitely a treat.Hot & Juicy is what yelp is all about. It's local, not real fancy or flashy, but worth raving about to all your friends.. and neighbors, yelp friends, and El Paso visitors. The owners often come around and make genuine & friendly conversation and ask about your experience; big plus.Next time I've worked up a crazy appetite, I'll be back for a Kong burger. Six patties, here I come.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,9/9/2014,0,4,2,2,3>My wife and I come here every Saturday after our workout next door.  I get the strawberry protein builder and it tastes great!  My wife usually gets the green drink or a collagen drink and always enjoys it.  We would come more often but the place is not open in the early morning when we workout.  The owner is a nice guy and we wish him all the luck with his business.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2014,9/8/2014,11,16,1,3,5>Just moved to El Paso today and this restaurant was our first stop. We were not disappointed! Hands down some of the best Mexican food I have ever had. My husband and I ordered the huevos divorciados and chicken enchiladas. Absolutely delicious! The green and red sauces are both amazing also. Service was super fast and everyone here is lovely.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,9/7/2014,9,10,2,2,3>I was invited to eat lunch today at an organic restaurant - the Green Ingredient (GI), which is located downtown inside the Chase building. This was my first time at the GI and was pleasantly surprised! The Chipotle Salmon Burger with a fruit salad is delicious! The Chipotle Salmon Burger is spicy yet complemented well with the fruit salad. Washed it down with "regular" water, which is great - believe it or not! They have what seems to be a sophisticated, state-of-the-art, water filtration system! Hence, the awesome water! However, I will try their other beverages for sure during my next visit!The staff is friendly and knowledgable about the menu and ingredients used on their dishes! A definite plus in my book! The atmosphere is soothing and friendly, which is what most of us need on our lunchtime during the workweek! The place doesn't give that hurry up vibe that most restaurants do. You can see the baseball stadium lights from there! With that said: They may modify their hours of operation to adjust to the ballpark pedestrian and potential customers once it opens! A definite plus and win all around! I definitely recommend GI for lunch! I am going to have to try them for dinner that's for sure!
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,9/6/2014,10,11,,2,3>Their expanded menu with sandwiches and pastries continues to add flare to this coffee shop. Do recommend you stop by and the staff is great; they will remember you and your favorite drink.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,9/5/2014,66,129,1,4,3>This is one of my son's favorite places to learn, play, and visit in El Paso. There's not a lot of options,  if you are a young, STEM inclined,  kid with autism...but, The El Paso Exploreum has always been a great place for kids like mine.The volunteers are amazingly patient and knowledgeable.  The staff interacts with the children, to the point that it feels like they're semi-babysitting. Oh, which...speaking of...they have a museum parents night out for a reasonable price!My son loves it so much, he chose to have his birthday party there. I can't think of a better place to have a Lego themed party, in town. Summer camps, Nanotechnology events, children's parties, babysitting services with an educational twist. This place does it all, and the recent remodel turned out GORGEOUS.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2014,9/4/2014,3,14,2,3,3>The children's store was in the middle of putting away inventory when I went to visit, overall what was put away was organized and clean. Owner is very kind and knowledgable of her products. Some products are a little overpriced, but you may find brands and items you wouldn't find at a local Babies R Us. It would also be nice to see regular updates on the Duck Duck Goose Facebook.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2014,9/3/2014,13,3,,,1>breakfast, lunch or dinner it's always a great time with idea atmosphere and ice cold drinks to carry on the great times!!! Appetizers are the bomb!  and Burgers all are great must-try's ! Of course you can not leave without trying the macNcheese at this place listed as a side portion but its taste you will remember!
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2014,9/2/2014,0,3,2,2,3>Food was amazing. I had the Gyro, Zinos fries, and the half of pita and tzatiki. The Gyro had lots of meat that was moist with fresh veggies, tzatiki, and warm pita. The fries were yummy, with parmesan and herbs. The tzatiki is fresh, thick and creamy, made my day.     The service was a little lacking. It was busy when my friend and I got there but slowed down soon after. Took a while to get our drink order taken and then even longer to get our food ordered. Once we ordered though the food came out quickly. I did catch our server checking her phone a lot and hanging out and the counter talking to her co workers a lot while we were waiting to order. Bothered us a little, but the food definitely made up for it.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,9/1/2014,24,11,1,3,3>Anson 11 has easily become one of my favorite restaurants here in El Paso. Atmosphere is great, staff is friendly. Service is extraordinary. No matter how busy the restaurant is, they make sure you're taken care of. My water cup never goes empty. For appetizer, We ordered frito pie and it's no different from any frito pie. It's okay. Scottish salmon is nothing special, I wouldn't order that again for the price it's at. Shrimp and grits on the other hand was delicious, I'd say Anson11's shrimp and grits is better than Tom's along with the oven roasted chicken (delicious). Leg of lamb wasn't that great. it feels as if something is missing. It's just a plate of veggies topped with lamb. Lamb was dry and salty. Maybe mashed potatoes would've made it better? Overall, I give this place the five stars because customer service is like no other and I love their hours of operation. I don't have to worry about a great restaurant closing before I get off work!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,8/31/2014,10,45,3,4,4>I came here today for a event that was open to the public. Usually this planetarium is only open for students during the school year. However since it's summer and there's no one to attend they do open up three times a day for the masses. My first thought when I stepped into the planetarium was the fact that although this had been updated into 2011, this place does feel very dated.  The computers were slow to respond if they worked at all. This made the computer that had a quiz on it very difficult to use.Everything turned around once we were able to attend the demonstration itself. The projector that they had is actually one of the fifth biggest in the United States. Not only did it make learning all the stars and constellations very cool, but the curator Cory Smith added a lot to it as well.Arti small things that would've made this a much better experience other than the computers. Number one is have air conditioning in the front entrance. I can tell you I was sweating and I was almost ready to leave ( the ac does work well in the theater). Secondly in the auditorium section, it would be nice if the chairs were arranged in a circle facing the center so you can see the whole night sky instead of having to constantly move back-and-forth.The demonstration was very cool and it was free. However what I would like to see is for them to ask for a suggested donation. People could get in for free but they can also donate if they chose. This could make it a good amount of money for the planetarium and update the equipment.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,8/30/2014,8,57,3,4,4>Yelpers, come hither to TI:ME!! The Montecillo development area has just released three new restaurants and Cantina Malolam is one of them.  This spot was such a different and exciting experience that you should do what you can to drop by and see this innovative design space.Cantina Malolam or how we figured Malo & Malo spelled backwards, which Malo means bad in spanish, is a wonderful addition to the foodie's places to eat at.  If any of you are international yelpers and have visited Juarez to eat in the late night then you will especially appreciate this restaurant/bar.  Those of you who've always wanted to visit Juarez but were too afraid, well now you have a place to visit to get the experience.  To start off, this spot is very nice and the whole atmosphere is a great place to go with a large group to eat, drink, enjoy the cool outdoor air, and have a great time.The decor reminds you of something you'll see in LA or Las Vegas and it definitely gives those places a run for their money!  The dinning area has large doors located throughout, which they open during the cool nights and the summer breeze that flows through is absolutely pleasuring.  They got two bars, one indoors and one out doors, which is located in a shipping create!  The dinning space is a large open concept area with a flowing space that opens immediately to the patio space which has an amazing veiw of the Sundland park area.Now when it comes to the food, this is where all the Juaritos out there will really appreciate this spot.  My wife says it basically reminds her of Parque Borunda, which is basically where everyone goes after a fun night out to indulge in a bite to eat.  We ordered the "Chicharron for the table" and it was a great little mixer appetizer consisting of pork rines with chilé, guacomole, and sour cream dippers. Kind of a little indulgence while you drink $2 Tecates! Yes you heard me right, $2 Tecates all day every day!  One thing that's great about Parque Borunda are the bacon wrapped hotdogs that now you can get here!  I ordered the Rajando and my wife got the Juaritos and man those dogs were HUGE! We actually ordered them thinking we'd have space for dessert but the dogs were literally 1 inch thick.  The bun resembled a hoogie bun and was fluffy and sweet at the same time.  The Rajando was a spicy mix with raja chiles, serrano peppers, and queso fresco. This made for a beautiful dog that really gives the classic chicago & ny dogs a run for their money.  The menu was so extensive and so electric that I will definitely be back to try everything.  The atmosphere was great and the people wonderful.  I will note that as the night went on the swanky crowd started to show up (around 9) so if you're going for a late bite you may want to kick the wardrobe up a notch.  The place was a little dark for my camera phone so I'll be back to take some pictures, even though I doubt it will do the place justice. You just need to experience this place for yourself.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,8/28/2014,26,22,1,3,3>I have to say, this restaurant surprised me. Here in El Paso, there isn't a huge variety of international restaurants. We love Mediterranean food and were happy to find this place. Their Nour sauce was incredible. Be careful not to fill up on the sauce and bread before your meal comes out! Can't wait to go back!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,8/27/2014,5,15,4,3,3>I've been to a few cross fit gyms in El Paso.  Push is definitely top notch in my opinion.  Trainers seem to be very knowledgable in nutrition and sports medicine also.  The place is very clean well organized and has a snack bar with excellent choice of protien shake flavors.  All trainers are in excellent shape and are very engaged in crossfit competition.  Definitely a group that walks their talk.  Push!
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2014,8/26/2014,2,7,4,4,3>Great hidden pizza joint on the near center of El Paso. I got a medium half cheese and ham and was very good and lots of cheese. I also are a small calzone that's great for two person. First time I come and definitely will come again.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2014,8/25/2014,17,4,2,3,4>Trendy, Eclectic, Satisfying!Three simple words to describe a locale in West El Paso that offers more to your palette than most other restaurants in the area. I'm your average foodie, looking for something a bit more adventuresome so when the opportunity arose to try Block, Table & Tap, I took some friends with me for lunch and off we went.The locale is not hard to find, the sign right above the restaurant itself is minimalist so if your trendy or into the "less-is-more" feel, you'll love the inside. Filled with silver chairs, elongated purple couches, the inside feels like a something my hipster friend would love, and he did!The menu itself has so many selections that I have to come back to try them all. I opted for the 'Lamb Burger' over the "Ahi-Tuna Burger' since I had a hunger for it. It was served on a nice white rectangular plate with a sweet side salad. First bite in, I tasted the lamb, cucumber, humus and all of that Mediterranean taste that I love. It was meaty, it was fresh and in combo with the salad, my mouth could not want more.The wait staff was attentive and knowledgeable on all of the items on the menu which I cannot stress enough is IMPORTANT. So props up for that.Now...I also got a craft beer since I love craft beers, in specific Enjoy By (Today's Date) IPA from Stone Brewery. Very hoppy, very full and robust. My only complaint, I wish it was served at a colder temperature.Very great place for lunch, open/well adorned space, great tasting food, vast array of beer. Take your friends out to lunch, take your co-workers, take your family and give it a try.-A Local Foodie
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,8/24/2014,25,28,4,4,4>We went here for lunch, and it's that sort of jaw-dropping exquisite ambiance that makes for one of the most romantic restaurants in El Paso. I'm not kidding. It's location is almost a secret, with it's entrance facing an alley, tucked a short stroll behind the El Paso Museum of Art, you just have to eat here to say you were here. The food and plating doesn't disappoint! It's class all the way. For the best time, look nice, go with someone you really really enjoy, and try it out for lunch since the menu is truly affordable. A $12 salad in a gorgeous and secret location. Tell me how it goes ;)
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2014,8/23/2014,9,3,4,6,4>I wish I would have found this place sooner. I went to get a mani and pedi and found this place on Yelp. The staff was extremely friendly and they did such a great job. I was extremely relaxed and it was what I needed. I'm normally very cautious on nail designs but the reviews were great on nail designs so I went ahead with it and was very pleased! I would definitely recommend this nail salon. It is a little small but thankfully I didn't go at a busy time.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,8/22/2014,8,20,1,4,4>It's hard to say anything bad about this place. The Mesa Street Grill has been a staple restaurant in my life here in El Paso, definitely one of the top local restaurants all-around. It's flexible, with an outdoor, casual seating arbor (nicely misted and temperature controlled, absolutely beautiful to spend a few hours) and a high-end, fine dining experience inside.Long ago I had the best sea bass of my life inside this restaurant, but the prices are outstanding (worth it for the food) and the dress too fancy to ever bring me back to the fine dining again, unfortunately.However, we went for a light dinner and adored the patio seating and bar menu. Their bar burger is HUGE and delicious, the Greek salad refreshing (but very, very sweet), and of course the bacon-jalapeño appetizers are on point. Their pressed coffee is to die for, along with the creme brûlée cheesecake (for as long as it's on the menu.)Four stars because of the price and my super sweet (and olive-devoid) "Greek" salad. Gonna miss the original location. It reopens after they close the old one supposedly around the 23rd of July (could be later, don't take my word.)
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,8/21/2014,1,5,2,2,3>I love this place!  The staff ar always super friendly,  the restaurant is clean and the sandwiches are AMAZING! Hands down best sandwiches in El Paso. The bread is always fresh,  the meats and cheese are great quality and the vegetable and topping selection is wonderful.  If you want a great tasting,  filling and affordable sandwich check this place out!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,8/20/2014,1,10,3,2,2>One of the few places in El Paso with genuine character, great service, and fresh local products on their menu. My wife and I had a gift card and spent it all on an early dinner. Me on the fried chicken and a beer and she on a pork salad and iced tea. We splurged and shared a maple bread pudding and truly, in the end, it was a worthy meal. We will be back.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,8/19/2014,1,19,3,2,2>On 8/6 I was wanting something different so I opened up my yelp and starting exploring. I found this wonderful place that has been there  for over 8 years. 8 years! I have been to this shopping strip over a million times and had never seen this wonderful place. The decor made me feel like I was visiting my grandmother. Super clean!  The food is EXCELLENT! I tried the soupy tacos and my wife ate the enchiladas. Of course I tried them as well and was blown away. They tasted just like my mom's. The service was also wonderful very nice ladies made us feel at home. I will definitely tell all my friends and family about this hidden treasure on the east side of town.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2014,8/18/2014,5,8,1,4,3>I've passed monteleones for years and was always curious. So glad we decided to stop by. I learned it was a restaurant via yelp and that's where I here's about it's spooky beginnings. I never saw the episode of paranormal witness they where in but I figured it just added to the intrigue the building facade already portrays.  Moving to El Paso from NewYork city we were starved for REAL Italian American food not the cheese covered mess most try to pass as Italian. We entered the building which is slightly confusing since there's two doors and it felt like we entered someone's home.  No loud music just the sound of chatter laughter and silverware hitting plates.  The decor is a kitschy mix of movie mementos and house decor.  A mix of  Vegas rat pack and mott street in the Bronx. While it took awhile to be seated there was a large party there. A good sign cause if you choose to host a family event there it means the place has meaning to all if you. We got seated by the sweetest woman ever. And promptly ordered the house Chianti. The menu is small but we'll rounded. We ordered the Monteleone medley???  I forgot but it's a combo of several apps.  The zucchini sticks, which where firm lightly breaded and delicious. The pizza rolls,  which are more like delicate puffs of perfection. And the cheese wedges who's is like a mozzarella stick on steroids omg!   The Napoli sauce with them divine.  We then ordered the lasagna and the chicken parm .... WOW. I truly want to know where they get there cheese!!! The sauce delicious the chicken moist slightly breaded and marinated.  The lasagna .... Well my years as a chef honed my lasagna skills but my classical training can not compete with simple down home cooking made with love and family devotion.  On a side note the wine serving us like your at a house party to lol one glass lasted the meal.  We felt so comfortable and relaxed I see why people spend hours here.   Our next goal the delicious pizza.   Monteleones cools honest fare. You'll leave full but not heavy and lethargic like when eating psusedo Italian food like I've garden. They grasped the concept of Italian cooking light and fresh and still have the American flare as well as a nod to the southwest demographic.  We had so much fun we forgot the ghost stories. When I finally wanted to explore the owner regaled us not just with ghostly stories but also family stories. We truly felt like welcome gussets in their home. After exiting via the creepiest hallway we left relaxed full and lighthearted.We most defiantly will be back.Monteleones our new favorite "haunt".
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2014,8/17/2014,3,63,1,4,3>I have wanted to go here for so long,  and when we finally had lunch here,  it was amazing.  Even if you're not a beer lover you will still enjoy the food.  And there are so many great beers to choose from,  which is a refreshing change from the typical Bud Light/Corona/Tecate that seems to be so popular around here.  I highly recommend this place.  Also,  I believe it is a locally owned joint,  so supporting local businesses is always good.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,8/16/2014,21,15,2,4,5>A charming place to eat with a slogan: Everyone Eats. This place has much going for it in addition to the food, which includes choices classified as Gluten Free, Dairy Free and Vegan.  There's something for everyone! Housed in a large community room (there is a stage at one end) of a Christian Church and filled with mismatched tables and chairs, this airy, carpeted dining room accommodates two-tops to large groups.  Helpful, friendly volunteers will explain to first-timers like us: pay what you can, pay the recommended price, pay it forward for someone else, or come in early and volunteer for an hour, then eat free. The menu changes from week to week, and features some vegetables from their onsite garden plot.  A recent visit yielded mushroom tacos (with a salsa bar) and greens picked that day.  There are always vegan choices (happy me!), in addition to fare for the more omnivorous. Today they offered shredded brisket tacos and turkey albondigas soup.  Prices range from $4.75 for a large salad to $3.25 on down per course.  Two of us dined for $11.10, but we skipped all the extra calories of brown rice horchata, fruit cup, and split a small salad. Pretty good deal!
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,8/15/2014,6,8,3,4,2>This is a go to spot my friends and I choose to start off the night. The only place I know of to get cheap drinks and the best NOLA foods! The wings are a must and the gumbo is my favorite. My boyfriend loves the shrimp cocktail and he prides himself in the knowledge of exactly how many shrimp are in it. (12 I believe he says) local recommended!
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,8/14/2014,1,2,3,6,3>I dont usually post reviews but feel the.need to after my experience today...After numerous failed trips to "recommended" salons in el paso in search of someone who has experience working with blonde and damaged hair, I came across Hunter. I am in hair heaven at the moment-he somehow fixed my hair and gave me the blonde I wanted!!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,8/13/2014,54,25,2,4,2>If you care for your kids education this school is the place to go, Miss Julie is the best in El Paso, I know her for 11 years she has been the teacher of my 3 sons, my boys learned to read at age 3. Because she loves teaching and she focus on each child and gets to motivate them to learn in what they like the most the Montessori system is the best if the teacher knows how to apply it, she is an expert in teaching. My kids are very  grateful with her. She makes your kids to learn more than public school mi kids learned math, reading and science really early thanks to her now they are ahead of their classmates .
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,8/12/2014,4,2,2,3,3>New, open for only two months. Fabulous Mediterranean food. The pita bread is fresh made, for that matter everything is freshly made daily. I had the chicken kabob plate which included a salad with homemade to die for croutons, rice, hummus and yogurt. You can also choose taboulie instead of a salad which my dining companion said was delicious. Will definitely be returning to eat there I want to try the grape leaves.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,8/11/2014,12,3,2,3,2>Been here a few times for various reason and each time its  pretty pleasant experience. The rooms are separated which is very nice especially when your peircing or tattooing something special. The prices are fair and reasonable. And the staff is on the friendly side :) everything is steralized and clean, which is a neat freaks dream.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,8/10/2014,40,15,4,5,3>Remember Moon Day? This is it, only more casual.Lili from Moon Day (And the inspiration for the name of the old Bejing Lili's, has opened a nice casual place on the west side in a sort of hidden strip center location. Everything I have tried has been great, with my favorite being the  Spicy Crispy Fish with Creamy wasabi sauce. Hands down, Lili makes the best Chinese on the west side, and possibly the city. Best fried rice anywhere. For a treat, go off menu and ask for the Chicken Tan Tan. The servers are very friendly and knowledgable of the offerings, and even though the style is casual order first-sit-serve, they come around frequently to help. Great place.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,8/9/2014,9,7,4,6,7>I saw all the reviews for here so I tried it. I think I've liked all the stuff that I've got here. My favorites the nutter butter. It's two huge cookies with a peanut butter kind of middle. If you get the coffee they serve you bldg 6 coffee in a french press that's pretty cool especially for el Paso. The coffees so good I only ended up putting creamer in it. I like getting the nutter butter with the coffee. It's kind of cool to just hang out in the morning to because alot of people stop in but when its empty the staff says some funny stuff.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,8/8/2014,7,17,4,3,3>Seated in a semi-enclosed half-booth facing the sushi chef was very comfortable and versatile. This allows you to add another person, stroller or birthday gifts. I was immediately put at ease while waiting for my party. The staff is extremely accommodating and knowledgeable of the menu, our waiter quickly let me know their featured items fresh early flown toro tuna belly and scallops shucked by sushi chef and  prepared sashimi style delicately arranged and bursting with freshness and buttery flavor. This was so delicious. The sushi roll selection is vast and I will definitely return very soon. We shared the caterpillar and crazy Vegas roll. The Poke tuna tartare was perfectly marinated and diced along with avocado, garnished with seaweed and wontons. Kalbi short ribs were slightly sweet with a hint of sesame on a bed of finely shredded Japanese cabbage. Our waiter Jose brought all the sauces they have to include my favorite eel sauce and red sauces varying in heat my new favorite was the one with habanero. I definitely recommend the chicken fried rice as a hot plate side order it had hearty pieces of flavorful chicken (they also offer beef and shrimp fried rice) We shared the banana fosters cake and the tempura green tea ice cream. I enjoyed both, but the fried ice cream was a perfect ending to a wonderful flavorful and delicious meal. We all drank the "te chekiado" (Shaken tea) very refreshing tea with fresh orange juice. I  was extremely delighted with my food and service at Koi. I will be returning very soon.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,8/7/2014,2,30,4,3,3>I am excited to share my Yoga experience with Elaina Stover because she has changed my life!  I highly recommend Elaina as a Yoga instructor for anyone having chronic back pain or discomfort. I started doing Yoga with Elaina once a week for general Yoga, and then increased to twice a week, when I started attending her Back Care Yoga class that is at a chiropractor's office.I didn't feel immediate changes or instant gratification, but approximately 3 months after doing Yoga with Elaina, I was surprised to find I didn't have any more back pain!  Not only that, but I have become stronger.I have done Yoga in the past - albeit not regularly - with other instructors in other cities such as Los Angeles, Boston, and Chicago, and Elaina is by far the best I have ever come across.  I feel so fortunate she is here in El Paso.  I feel that other instructors pale in comparison in their knowledge of the musculoskeletal system.  She uses that knowledge and applies it to her Yoga instruction to really help her clients get the precise form, working the correct muscles to get the desired result and avoid injury.Highly recommended!!!!
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,8/6/2014,2,6,4,4,3>When I first was stationed in el paso I was worried about finding a new barber. Took me a good 2 months to find this place thanks to a friend. They do amazing work. I always go for a mid razor fade. Always on point. Won't trust anyone else in town to even touch me with a razor. Even when my regular barber isn't here...Like today...I can always count on one of the barbers to square me away. If you need a good haircut. Don't hesitate to come check this barber out. Best in town in my opinion.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,8/5/2014,4,2,1,4,2>Great sushi this is our new go to place for it. We have been to many all over El Paso and even though this one is farther away than most we think the extra miles is worth it. Exceptional chef asks if the food is alright and checks on his customers often. Biggest difference is the flavor of the sushi is outstanding. It really is a hidden gem will be bringing our friends and family back too.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,8/4/2014,20,31,3,2,2>The park is amazing! We parked at the civic center for $7 and made a short walk over to the park. Every single staff member was extremely attentive and helpful greeting you with a smile before and after the game!  GREAT JOB! I was only able to try the PPP. I wasn't amazed at all!  But no big deal, I didn't go go eat pizza.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,8/3/2014,0,12,2,5,2>Ok so.... I will be the first to admit that I am rather green to professional massages seeing as I've only had 2 in my whole life, but I've been hurting bad this week with my feet and lower back. (Being a waitress is killer on those areas) So I decided to treat myself with something a little different.I'm glad I freakin' did.This place is new apparently and run by a couple who are very friendly and have a very clean business. I got a combo massage with 30 minutes of foot and 30 minutes of table massage, best part? $48. OH YES. I really enjoyed to foot part especially, guy put me in a whole 'nother zone, I spaced out with the relaxing music and just tranquility of the place. It was very large back room, but still felt welcoming. Now I've never had a Chinese massage or anything, but they do some wacky stuff. Nothing bad, just so very different. However, my feet feel amazing right now, like I am walking on clouds.It was strange, usually my feet are so ticklish that's why I usually can't get a foot massage, but for some reason he just hit some points of my feet that just made it so relaxing I didn't even flinch. Some points were a little rough with the knuckles, but he got in there and worked out the kinks.It was much needed. Good service, great price and professional, plus they took me as a walk-in. Love it. I will go back the next time I need another foot rub.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,8/2/2014,53,50,7,5,6>CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN.The word clean isn't normally the first word that comes to my mind when I enter an establishment with a sweet tooth that must be satiated, but man, this place, was clean.I'll get to the incredibly delicious and moist and supple cupcakes and the decadent cake pops I devoured in a minute, but let me see if I can convey just how clean this place was.I'd imagine that this place is what the inside of a Windex factory would look like. Everything was spotless. The floors, the windows, the counter tops, everything. Just incredibly clean. Beyond just being clean though, it was smartly put together, brightly colored, and beautifully and tastefully modern. Its the cute pastry boutique I've always wanted, and the best part is that its in El Paso and locally owned.The cupcakes I tried were delicious! The strawberry cupcake was theeeeee best strawberry cupcake I've ever had. While the cupcake itself was flavored appropriately, it was the amazing frosting on top that blew me away. It tasted more strawberry....y than a strawberry. How is that possible? I don't know, but I'm glad they found a way. The pina colada cupcake was equally satisfying. The crispy coconut strings on top added a layer of sophistication that I wasn't aware a cupcake could achieve. I absolutely wasn't expecting it. Sure, if I was looking at it before I ate it, I'm sure I would have noticed the little toasted coconut bits, but, like I always do, I just took a bite. My taste buds and mouth were met with the instant satisfaction of the sweet and crunchiness of the cupcake along with the moist deliciousness of the rest. I highly recommend that cupcake.Lastly, I tried the cake pops. Why the heck are cake pops so darn delicious? Does the shape add to the satisfaction? Does the hard outer shell of deliciousness somehow incubate the innards to a perfect amount of moistness? I don't know. But I love cake pops. And Manjar has some of the best I've ever had. Second only to the ones I've made because I make them ginormous, which I'm sure defeats the purpose, but when I hear the word cake, I want a whole cake darnit.But anyway, the coolest part is that they don't add the frosting until you order them. Which is really smart because that way the frosting doesn't get all hard and nasty after being set out for too long.Definitely 5 stars and a must try. I'll be back for all of their other goodies just about as soon as I can.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,8/1/2014,26,31,7,5,4>OMGeeeee! Get in my belly you delicious deep fried, heavily battered, crispy pieces of heaven!  If lovin' this place is wrong I don't want to be right! Yes, it is pretty much all fried foods but every once in a while it's ok to get down like that.This place is always super clean and the nice Asian ladies that own it are sooooo friendly! They always have big smiles on their faces and are so efficient in their service. It is a hole in the wall, but don't judge a book by its cover!  The inside is very nice and I almost forget I'm in El Paso and not cruising along some California warf (maybe it's the fish tank).I've only been there twice and both times I got the prawns with fish and chips. Both times it was AMAZING! Huge portions and not too expensive!  I also saw they have deep fried ice cream and twinkies which look great, unfortunately I never have enough room after scarfing down the entire basket of delicious fried goodness placed in front of me.  They make their own tartar sauce and it is on point!I mean really. Go.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,7/31/2014,11,17,1,3,2>Star City has great food! The veggie sandwich was so fresh and wonderful. The  garlic fries are also awesome! The French toast was good. The bacon was amazing! Also love that they are open late. Love this place!
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,7/30/2014,14,82,4,12,5>Maybe El Paso's best restaurant period. Ji and Yoshi's passion really shows at their restaurant. We had the chirashi which blows away the one offered everywhere else. The tuna was so fresh, the seared fish was amazingly tender, and it was put together beautifully. The included miso soup and salad were light and refreshing, a nice change from the mayo heavy versions served elsewhere. We also had the Japanese scallop which was of amazingly high quality but a small portion. The menu is vast, I'll be back a lot to try some more.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,7/29/2014,23,62,4,4,4>This is definitely out new favorite spot when it comes to having a romantic date.We came in on a Wednesday evening so it was kind of empty in there but still the atmosphere was great as was the service! Our waiter was super friendly! They have a cool system to where you change the light on the beer menu on your table from green to red if you want a waiter to come to your table. I ordered the grilled veggie burger and let's just say my husband ended up stealing almost half of it off my plate - not because his grilled salmon wasn't good (matter of fact is was delicious but I only stole like 20% off his food haha) - but because the burger was delicious and freshly made. It took a while for the food to come out but that's how you know that they cook it fresh and you could definitely taste the fresh ingredients. Of course, this place is known for their selection of wine and beer so who are we not to try? You can either order a small glass for $1.50 to try the wine, or you order a regular glass for about $3 which is, in my opinion a fair price, OR you can order the big glass for about $5(? I'm not sure), I can only recommend the "schloss koblenz" wine, a white and sweet one from good old Germany (yeah guys, we Germans make a pretty good wines too ;)What else did I not mention yet? Oh my, how could I forget about the strawberry-cheesecake? It's to die for! We shared the desert because the entree filled is up pretty good, but really, I did not want to share this piece of heaven with my husband (I'm a fat kid at heart).All in all, guys... I will definitely recommend this place and I'm happy they're close to where we live and not on the west side! ;p (to all my west side readers... Don't hate! Y'all already have plenty of awesome restaurants over there)
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,7/28/2014,41,106,5,5,5>Let's see where to start, well the prices are good. The service is friendly and fast. Now, moving to "la comida" the Was cooked perfect for the tacos I ordered! A perfect mix of bellpeppers and onions with steak that was seared to absolute perfection. The pico de gallo Is supa supa fresh. It can get a little crowded on Saturdays. This establishment et does not take reservations so be careful.This place is no tacoholics but it's kills that need a good well prepared taco feeling!
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,7/27/2014,47,34,3,3,3>I may not be an expert in Chinese food, but I certainly know what I like. China 1 is my go-to place for take-out Kung Pao Chicken. The menu lists it as Kung Po, if I remember correctly. The food stays warm long. In my experience, you get plenty of food for a very reasonable price. You can expect leftovers and the fried rice is great. The restaurant has even thrown in bonus items, such as free rangoons or eggrolls, depending on the total order amount.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,7/26/2014,142,61,5,6,4>So this place is very cool! I'm a graphic and web designer and many have the misconception that I know how to draw by hand, but that's not true. But thank God for places like this because they really teach you how to use a paintbrush to bring about the creative or idea you have and bring that idea on canvas. The staff is patient and very helpful. Overall had a great time!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,7/25/2014,15,5,,2,3>Omg don't let the hole in the wall look from the outside fool you! Go in...& it's still a H.I.T.W.!! Lol but the burgers are delicious! Well I had the Chuco Burger (basic burger) & it was fantastic! I only wish they had more of a variety (burgers with long green chili). The homemade fries are the bomb!lol it's a ghetto bar on one side & lil restaurant on the other. You can have a beer with your food but have to order it yourself at the bar. They only have soft drinks in cans but they're nice n cold. :) oh! Most importantly they ONLY accept CASH! Great place. I'll be back when I'm in the mood for a delicious burger!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,7/24/2014,6,115,4,3,3>I've always enjoyed going to a new restaurant for lunch, and this eatery qualified. In fact, what made it better than many eateries, it is buffet-style and the delicious food was already prepared, ready to eat ASAP. When on a tight lunch (half-)hour, immediate chow ensures a good meal within the time limitations. Allow me to qualify my initial "new" statement; this excellent foodstop has been in operation for twenty years; it is "new" to me in that I've never eaten here before. Although it didn't have as wide-spread a buffet one often sees at other Chinese buffets, the quality and value of the luncheon means I'll return!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,7/23/2014,27,10,4,4,2>So last night I decided to work on my golf swing, and for a warm summer night this is the place to do it. The range is set up on the edge of a water retention basin so when you take a swing you will see the ball trail deep into the drainage basin!   The tee- offs are set up on two adjacent sides of the range so there are plenty spots available to tee- off without having to wait. They are open till 10 on weekends so you get to take swings under the lights and avoid the afternoon summer heat.   At the bottom at the pit they only have a few targets to hit. A couple of metal boxes ( I believe they are metal since it sounds like metal when you hit one) and a old beat up truck, every time I go they are in different locations. I wish they would add more targets though, as well as some targets with the distance marked on them so you would know how far you are driving the ball.   I don't own a golf club set yet, but they have an assortment of clubs you can rent both right and left handed ( I'm left handed), but I would recommend you bring your own set because some of the clubs they lend out are old and worn out.  They also offer to clean and repair your clubs in their pro shop as you are out taking swings.   So if you ever get tired of the putt putt golf and just want to hit the ball as hard and far as you can this is the perfect place to make an evening event. So go inside, grab a couple of beers (they sell beer) and start swinging!
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,7/22/2014,21,58,4,6,4>for those of you who don't know, Taco Tote started out as a small restaurant in Juarez. I visited the original establishment and I remember loving it ever since.The modernized franchises here in El Paso still provide good food for good prices. I am in love with their grilled chicken tacos and their variety of salsas and fresh ingredients at the salad bar. Mom and I always get the meal that included two tacos, baked potato and drink and it's very filling. I am glad they have managed to keep their recipes and taste even after coming to EP. Highly recommend! Better than Taco Cabana and other "Mexican" places here in town!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,7/21/2014,67,52,3,4,3>I love going to Aruba Tan to use the tanning beds and sometimes to get a spray tan from one of the girls.  However, the other day I scheduled an appointment for a spray tan and Paul suggested I use the spray tan machine instead.  I was a little weary of using a machine, since I recall the Friends episode where Ross gets a super spray tan and ends up looking terrible.  Paul assured me that wasn't going to be the case.  I went in to the room and the machine is pretty sophisticated.  All you have to do is press a button when you're ready, and the machine talks you through the whole process.  It tells you how to turn and when to turn.  Of course it helps that the staff kind of walk you through it as well, giving you some tips along the way.  When I was done, it was exactly as if I had been spray tanned by a person, except better, because you're alone in the room and can wear or not wear whatever you want.  Overall, the experience was great and not too pricey; it's an in and out in 10 minutes tan.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,7/20/2014,7,10,3,4,3>I love coming to this bakery. The service is great an I love that everyone Is so cheerful, it lifts my spirits to see happy employes. They do amazing things and are talented. I havent tryed their cakes but I shall soon. I want them to do my daughters first birthday cake!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2014,7/19/2014,7,23,,3,2>The staff is extremely friendly.  Environment is very clean and comfy.  Feels relaxed and Delores makes you feel right at home.  My wife and I have received three couples massages here and they never disappoint. Heated tables and soothing music. Prices are competitive.  I can't think of anything negative to say about this place because everything is top notch!!
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,7/18/2014,25,35,4,9,4>Go for their butcher, absolutely the best meat I have found in El Paso for grilling.  They offer fresh cuts to order, as well as their marinaded meats that are absolutely outstanding.  My favorites - marinaded skirt, flank, and chuck steaks, marinaded chicken breasts, and their pork adovada.  Other than the meat selection, I get my tortillas their (freshly made in the coolers at the front of the store), great stuff.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2012,7/17/2014,10,17,,7,5>Was looking to have a nice meal at Italians, but the long wait sent me packing to look elsewhere.  Il Posto came to mind, but as we pulled up we were suprised to see that Opus World Bistro had taken its place.  Upon entering, it looked as if it were a private party. A waitress stopped and explained that it was the grand opening and that they were not serving dinner, but we were welcome to come in and join the party.  We were sure glad we did! It was like a wedding reception, complete with an ice sculpture and five serving stations and free flowing wine.  We tried everything they had to offer and came back for seconds.  I asked for the dinner menu because I definitely wanted to come back.  Everything on the menu looked delicious and at a great price!  I can't wait to come back. I want to try everything. Great first impression! The servers were fast and attentive, I had to fend them off several times as they were trying to clear the table when I looked away or stretched.  I see good things ahead!
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,7/16/2014,22,8,,5,1>I am believer that Hawaiian BBQ should be in someone's diet at least once a week! So glad that El Paso has onc of these establishment. I guess hawaiian BBQ is migrating east since I've only seen them in Cali. Food was plentiful, affordable, and super tasty. I ordered their special C) Spicy pork chop and kahlua pork, SO GOOD! Came with two pork chops and a healthy portion of kahlua pork sitting on a bed of cabbage with a side of rice and macaroni salad. I will definitely be coming back to support this small business.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,7/15/2014,0,9,2,4,3>This place is consistent with delicious appetizers, amazing entrees, and no room for mouth watering desserts. Staff is knowledgeable and very friendly. This atmosphere doesn't make you think twice about spending your money. Bread is always fresh and plump. Food is cooked to order and guaranteed to satisfy. I highly recommend for any occasion or no occasion at all. Love this place.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,7/14/2014,0,46,2,7,2>Just to let everyone know this place is under new ownership. When I first had this barbeque about 4 years ago I was not a fan. But I have been there recently and the level of quality has increase greatly. The Brisket is moist and tender. The pork ribs (Only available on Saturdays) are delicious and are worth the trip out to Doniphan Street. The pricing is right and the helpings are right along with it. Staff is friendly and the place is relaxed. The part about the railing - just fix it already, please. Try this place once and you won't be disappointed. The only negative about this place is the mustard. They don't have fresh mustard in a bottle. They just packets that are old and the mustard is pasty.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,7/13/2014,11,4,,5,3>Great little place for lunch if you work downtown and are looking for somewhere new to eat. It's just south of Paisano St., in the old, art deco Colon Theater. They have really good tortas, burgers, sandwiches and salads, and their portobella burger is out of this world. (It's not something I would normally order, but my friend ordered it and it was dynamite! The portobella was marinated and so flavorful.) They also have some good aguas frescas.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,7/12/2014,11,18,3,4,3>I thought the food was pretty good. Even my 7 yr old son thought the carne asada torta was yummy, and he's kind of a picky eater. The employees were nice and attentive to us. I had to Google some of the menu items since we weren't familiar with some. I only would request that they pay more attention to the cleanliness of their restaurant(food and pieces of rubbish on floor, wiped our own table). Because of that not sure the hubs would want to go back, but I would.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,7/11/2014,9,4,5,6,4>Best beef ribs in EP! And Wednesday nights are the special $1.95 night for beef or pork ribs from 4-10pm. Go early to get seated cause the place gets packed, especially around 6/7pm timeframe. About 3 or 4 of them will fill you up good! Also highly recommend the fried zucchini as an appetizer and the brownie sundae as a dessert. Great service, great vibe, and great ribs!
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,7/10/2014,19,72,2,3,2>I started off with fresh made guacamole and tortilla chips. The guac was amazingly tasty. Next I split a burger that was double patty, ham, bacon, sliced hot dog, cheese, pickle, and lettuce. Wow!! One of the tastiest burgers I've ever had. The french fries that came with it were a little greasy but oh so good. Lastly, I split an order of desebrada tacos which could have used a little more meat but one of the best tacos you will find in El Paso. This restaurant exceeded any and all expectations. I will be back soon.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,7/9/2014,180,631,2,5,3>The gelato here is fantastic!  I always stop here after getting a burger across the lot, it is the perfect dessert.  My go-to flavor is usually Pistachio (which is a little more expensive for some reason), but they recently added Sea Salt Caramel gelato, and it just blew my mind!The place offers a relaxed coffee house atmosphere, which I enjoy, unfortunately the couches and booths are hard to come by.  Staff is very friendly and often patient with the people who over-sample (please follow the sample limit when there's a line people!).
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,7/8/2014,13,61,1,7,4>I got the pastrami sandwich, brisket wrap,  and the creamy zucchini soup with cornbread along with sweet potato fries and spicy fries. The zucchini soup was rich and flavorful. I was apprehensive about trying it but it was delicious. The cornbread here is nice and flaky. This is not any ordinary cornbread. It was moist and crumbly at the same time. The sandwich and wrap was not too bad. I didn't think it was amazing, but the staff here is really friendly. Their service is also something to mention. They always check up on you and they always had a smile on their faces. It was about 1-2 weeks before Christmas so it was decorated accordingly. The place had a very cozy atmosphere with a nice fireplace. There were only seniors there, but if you want a nice and quiet lunch I highly recommend this place.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,7/7/2014,18,40,3,5,3>Who needs Napa Valley when you've got some of the best southern NM vineyards right in our backyard! Bring some light finger foods to snack on while enjoying your wine and listening to some of the greatest live music. This is one of my favorites ways to spend a lazy sunday afternoon. I recommend a bottle of Man's Best Friend, though most of the wines offered here are great.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,7/6/2014,66,85,8,10,8>Hands down this is my favorite bar ever. I lived in Los Angeles & to get into a bar like this you either had to know somebody to get in or be prepared to drop some serious cash. I love the theme and the decor in this bar. Most importantly I love how comfortable the seating is here its kinda like coffee shop meets bar? I can be here all night which means more and more drinks for me.  I'm not a big drinker so I ask for advise from the servers on what I should order each time I'm here and the drinks they bring me are always on point!  This brings me to my next topic the staff here is professional and very knowledgeable when it comes to their extensive drink menu.  Come here when they have jazz and make a fun girls or boys night out you won't be dissapinted!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,7/5/2014,5,12,3,5,3>Great fun for the whole family!!!  The enclosures are clean, the animals are healthy looking (this is something that I find really important), and a water area for the kids, have them bring flip flops and swim suits!  The staff was friendly and knowledgeable.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,7/4/2014,0,43,3,4,2>It was nice outside and we decided to get out of the house. For a little under $40 (with military discount) two of my children were able to ride all the rides for 3 hours.  They have mini Go Karts for the little ones and regular Go Karts for older kids and adults. Bumper Boats, a train, the little spinning teacups, and miniature golf were also included in the three hours. My oldest one also had a laser tag session included. They sure had fun and I thought it was well worth it. All in all, it was a great outing and I can see us coming back.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,7/3/2014,27,7,4,4,3>This is a very nice and well taken care of park.  Kid friendly for both small and older kids.  Plenty of running room, shade and parking.  Kids play area is fenced in with one entrance.  So it's easy to watch kids or hang out at the sitting area near the entrance and watch kids play.  It is pet friendly!  I highly recommend it for evening family fun.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,7/2/2014,86,46,4,7,4>I have high expectations for pizza (after mother bears and avers at IU), and I was thoroughly impressed. The Pizza Joint knows how to do it. Chalk board walls, board games, ginormous slices of pizza, happy hour, lunch specials... I wish I found this place sooner. I ordered the Fab 5. It was topped with jalapenos, pepperoni, tomatoes, spinach, and cheese. I'm guessing those are the ingredients that back the name. Since it was huge, I was on the struggle bus for a while. I kept the slice in the paper plate and nibbled at the sides until i could manage to hold it with one hand. Others, clearly regulars or just plain smart, would fold the slice in half or use a fork and knife. Duh, Mabel.The crust was perfect, soft and doughy on the inside but crisp on the outside. The pizza was thin with only a thin layer of toppings. But I loved their marinara sauce; there was loads of sauce near the crust.This joint has a typical college pizza joint vibe and i love it. It's a great place to chill with friends and share an entire pizza or one slice (it's big enough really).
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,7/1/2014,21,10,3,4,3>"You'll thank me tomorrow" salad is phenomenal... Bacon (enough said), artichokes, cheese, red onions, cucumbers, peppers and a blend of plenty of other crunchy, crisp, fresh goodness tossed in the house dressing. Geez is it GREAT, salivating at the thought! Thats just the beginning, pizza PIES are huge and decadent. Dont come in with the expectations of your usual thin crust pizza... No, NO. Not for the faint of heart. Heart, meaty, cheesy goodness in about 4 inches of depth. Fantastic! Great addition to the growing downtown district.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,6/30/2014,10,46,3,6,3>I enjoyed myself at this quaint hookah bar. The night I went they had a burlesque show which was done tastefully. The owner met me at the door and explained the various hookahs and prices. They even have ice hookah! Lounge chairs, good hookah, BYOB? No complaints here. If you frequent hookah bars stop by and check out Raven sometime.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,6/29/2014,22,36,1,3,2>I've been wanting to go to this place for months now, but just never made it until now because it's like 40 minutes away from my area. I will definitely make the trek again, because it's just fantastic. It is a little pricey, but you can kind of taste why when you actually get everything, as everything tastes super fresh and high quality. The appetizer we got was my favorite part of the meal. I don't remember the name, but it came with meats, pears, cheese and bread, so look for that on the menu and give it a go. The bread was probably the best I've ever had, and everything else on the platter combines to an absolutely delicious series of sandwiches. The pizza is just stellar, especially the sauce. The Nutella calzone was really good, but it just got a little too thick after a while. If they were to throw in some riccotta or something in there, it would switch up the flavor just enough to perfect it. The bring your own bottle thing is the best thing ever, and I wish every restaurant had that option. It's way cheaper, and you can have your meal with your favorite wine that might not be available at restaurants. Again, it is a little pricey, but I will be back for sure.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2014,6/28/2014,9,12,3,7,3>This place is great! Found this place through Yelp, as I was in that area. Had the Sessa panini and it was delicious, it comes with a side salad and you get to choose a side (the tuna pasta is amazing!) My mom had the chicken salad croissant, and she loved it. The salad had sliced almonds which gave it a completely different flavor!
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,6/27/2014,64,40,4,6,4>Great first time experience, even though it was an extremely packed class.  Love the vibe of the studio....it is located in Kern, in an old house.  The instructor was relaxing and set a great mood for all.  Love that I can buy Lululemon at Casa De Yoga instead of driving to the ABQ store. They have a great first time price...one week unlimited yoga for $20.  This is a great way to see if you like it, plus of all the yoga places I've been, this is one of the few that is strictly Yoga, everyday of the week!
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,6/26/2014,9,64,2,3,2>I love this shop! They sell spices in bulk! Plus there are other spices on the shelves. And they have an awesome selection of seriously strong coffees. Plenty of teas as well. They have Turkish Delight! There are just so many good things in this store it's impossible to list them all. But if you go to your local chain grocery and try to get what they have at Jerusalem International a Food, the chain store would charge you a huge amount of money. At Jerusalem international foods, you get some awesome food stuff for a very fair price. They even have fresh meat and chicken, veggies, etc. it's a foodie adventure going here. And go hungry, because they also have a nice restaurant right next door, and their food is great!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,6/25/2014,170,22,4,6,4>How have I never been here??Went for a birthday dinner reservation and ordered the gnocchi spinach chorizo. So good! Highly recommend it. The presentation of all the food that came out was spectacular I wanted to eat off everyone's plate! I also ordered the artichoke hearts, also wonderful! And the chocolate chip banana something? for dessert. It was okay. I really should have tried a liquid dessert! But the food received nothing but great reviews from our whole table! The service. Probably the best service I have ever had! Tony was our waiter and he was so attentive, funny and respectful. We ate inside but there was a live band outside and a wedding on the other side of the restaurant. I just love this place and can't think of anything bad I experienced. Just go!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,6/22/2014,1,41,3,5,3>Went to the grand opening on Saturday.  It was packed, but that can be expected for the opening night.  The place is a little small but I expect would be more comfortable on a night where it wasn't a special event.  I believe they have 20 crafts beers on tap and offer wines as well.  There's a separate menu for each.  Kitchen isn't open yet, but they were selling Pizza Joint slices.  I think it'll be a good edition to downtown, and looks like it'll be a good place to hang out after work if you're downtown or a place to have a couple of drinks w/ friends.  My friend described the decor of the place as making you feel like you're at an establishment in another city.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,6/21/2014,46,36,,3,2>So this was my first time eating at Foodville! I was on a lunch break from jury duty so I decided to come over here and check it out. I had heard that Reef was really good so I decided to check out their menu and found it to be super interesting! I had the #1 which was the Mojo Quesadilla combo with shrimp, you can also get it with fish. It has a chipotle aoli sauce drizzled on it and the tortilla is really crunchy. There was pico de gallo in it which wasn't too bad but it was a little too much for my liking. Not the heat but the amount. The cheese was great! Super gooey and just plain amazing and the shrimp was cooked just right. The fries were pretty good too. And just the setting of sitting outdoors albeit in the sun was a wonderful experience. Really captures a downtown-esque feeling that some get from places like New York and Austin. Over all I would definitely go back and try some more of their menu and really immerse myself in food truck cuisine!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,6/20/2014,10,45,4,4,3>I went to this place based on the recommendation of my friend who wanted to do karaoke. It quickly became one of my favorite bars in Northeast El Paso.  I wish I could get there more often :).  They have THE coldest beer that I've had which makes this the perfect place to cool down on a hot El Paso summer day!  I don't know if they still have karaoke, but when they did, the sheer number of songs they offered were overwhelming.  It's often hard for me to find songs I like, but they never disappoint!  If you can, go on Friday's, because they have beers where you can keep the glasses!  Also, the owners make one hell of a hot couple ;)
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,6/19/2014,8,57,3,4,2>This place is awesome!  I've been driving around for years with my two front windows not tinted since the day I got the car and have been wanting to tint them.  I never had the time to get it done and even when I did, it was always too expensive and I would have to give up my car for the day.  Then I saw this little green building advertising 2 windows for $40!  You can't beat that, so I pull in and inquire about getting it done.  The guy was working on another car but I left my number for him to call me when he was free.  After running some errands, I return expecting to leave my car for a couple of hours but that was not the case.  I just had enough time to check some emails and as I'm about to pick up a magazine, guess what? My car is done!!!Super fast, great work, and a great price!  Add on top of all that that the work is warrantied and you know you can't go wrong!  I highly recommend the little green building for any tint work you might need!
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,6/17/2014,8,7,2,4,2>Thought that they were closed today but after driving by and seeing that they were opened my husband and myself decided to give it a try for dinner. As soon as we walked in we were greeted by Cindy. She was our server for the night and was SO kind and funny! She brightened up the dim ambience, definitely a delight.The place itself is very cute and quaint!I ordered the Margarita Chicken Salad and it was so damn good! Very basic but full of flavor! The chicken was so delicious, tender and JUICY!My husband ordered the Monte Christo Rey which of course I had to nibble off of, it was flipping amazing! The combination of sweet mixed with the meat was great!We will definitely be returning, highly recommend!Would also like to add that the entrance door says that it's OPEN DAILY UNTIL 9PM
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,6/16/2014,3,6,,2,1>I went here once with my brother to have lunch. The place was pretty full, but we had no problem getting a table. It took a bit of a while to receive our food, but that may have been due to the lunchtime rush - it really wasn't too long of a wait than would have been expected with the amount of people eating there at the time.I loved that their menu had some really tasty-sounding vegetarian and vegan choices. I opted for the 'Grilled Veggie Flatbread,' which is "Pita bread topped with edamame hummus, grilled onion, squash, romaine, and tomato." They made their own hummus, and when paired with the grilled veggies, it tasted delicious!  I had also ordered some of their 'Sweet Potato Waffle Fries' on the side, and enjoyed them a lot - they were nice and crispy, and it was my first time eating a waffle fry.My brother had ordered the 'Bangers and Mash,' which was described in the menu as "Bratwurst cooked in beer served with cheesy mashed potatoes." He liked the Bratwurst okay, but he said that he couldn't taste any cheese in the potatoes, and it really didn't look like there was any. I don't know if this was how they normally were made, or if he just happened to receive whatever potatoes were left, but if they were described as "cheesy" then there should have been some noticeable cheesy flavor to them.At any rate, the atmosphere was nice and lively, and I really loved my meal. I would love to go back again!
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,6/15/2014,44,29,,3,2>My husbands thoughts: "I enjoyed it thoroughly, I don't even care that it wasn't five dollars. The massage chair was frigging awesome and the stylist took her time on the high and tight"We walked in and were greeted with two ice cold beers. Free beers. They don't even cut women's hair and I got a free beer. They had TVs everywhere playing Sunday football. It's 19.99 for a haircut, free beers and a 20 minute massage. They also let me sit in the chair. It was indeed "frigging awesome". It's not the "batter you and vibrate you to ge point of non existence" massage chair. It was like an actual massage. They have two chairs in a dark room with a big screen. The girls were awesome and my husband got the unlimited hair cuts for a month deal. The deal costs you about as much as two hair cuts normally would but for military it's great because you HAVE to keep your hair maintained. Also great, he now has his little getaway to run and grab a shampoo, massage and beer all month. Right next to wing daddy's too! Totally a guy's getaway.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,6/14/2014,20,18,1,7,2>My world was just rocked. This salon is definitely geared towards men.After my free bottle of sake (yum!), I disappeared for an hour as a woman who spoke only Spanish (the front desk assisted with translation) shaped and trimmed my hair and beard, culminating with a straight-razor beard trim that both relaxed me and terrified me.  With my eyes wrapped in cucumber slices, I wondered if the scent placed under my nose was actually chloroform... Will Sweeny Todd make an appearance?  Will I be just another meat pie?Alas, no... I'm just coiffed to perfection!  I'm an out-of-towner, but I'll be back again!!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,6/13/2014,13,35,1,2,1>Boba tea is something I have been driving across town to get. I have drove across town from west to east and north to south. Taste experiences varies from "boba tea" that taste like straight skim milk, savory to overly sweet. This place have mastered the perfect blend. I get so happy when I see that young guy at the front, he is the key to all the perfect blend of boba tea. The results are always great and always identical. It would have been great if they open on Sunday too but I understand everyone need a break. This is where I come get my outstanding boba tea.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,6/12/2014,23,43,,3,1>Best Korean in El Paso. Cool little joint run by a black guy and his Korean wife- they are awesome. The food is very authentic- every dish includes 8 banchan dishes(Kim chi, pickled things, etc). Lunch is super cheap and you still get banchan for $5-6. Recommended foods: BBQ chicken, kalbi, bi bim bop. The service is slow as there is always only 1 waitress, so expect to wait if its packed. I figure this helps him keep the prices down so its worth waiting.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,6/11/2014,26,14,,3,3>I absolutely love Great American Pizza. I first heard about their five dollar, one topping carry out special from my brother in law and was told it was much better than Hot and Ready pizzas from Little Caesar's. Little Caesar's has nothing on this place. Yes, their pizzas are ready when you walk in, but waiting 12 minutes for a pizza at Great American is well worth it. Their pizzas are fresh and absolutely delicious. The prices here knock out their competition and I cannot remember the last time I have ordered pizza from any other place.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,6/10/2014,6,4,2,3,3>Tacoholics was so good! My boyfriend and I are visiting his family here in El Paso and decided to use yelp to get some ideas. This place is inside a gas station which gives you a huge variety of drinks :) The KOREAN TACOS were so freaking deliciously. I'm definitely hitting this place up everytime I visit El Paso! Street tacos are the best!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,6/9/2014,3,23,2,3,2>Amazing tamales! Thanks fellow yelpers for leading my husband and I here.....our tummies are happy! This is a tiny little place with some BIG flavor, loved the chicken tamales...they were spicy an delicious. Actually I did not have a tamale there I did not like, all were equally yummy I just lean towards spicy foods.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,6/8/2014,38,51,,4,2>$7.95 is a little pricey, but in my opinion, these are the best huevos rancheros in town.Every Mexican restaurant I go to I always get the huevos rancheros. These are much for flavorful than the ones at Carnitas Queretaro. These are like the ones at the Malinche, which use a cheesy based sauce.The rice and beans were okay, while the eggs were also cooked typically. The sauce is what gets you. This is some fantastic sauce and gives them a signature taste. You'll be taking your tortilla to wipe and eat the leftover sauce off the plate.They also have chocolate cake. It's the small bundt cakes that are sold to large chains. While they are typically served with ice cream elsewhere, that is not the case here.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,6/7/2014,22,17,1,3,1>I finally made it to Tom's last week and meant to review on the spot. A week later and I'm still savoring the delicious quinoa and plum grilled chicken salad I devoured in a matter of minutes. The chicken was juicy and flavorful and the salad was amazing. I am reserving that 5th star until my next visit when I finally try their famous mac n cheese.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,6/6/2014,1,2,3,4,3>LOVE this place!! It's got dive-bar appeal and is a local favorite since 1927. I always get the picadillo burrito with the chile cheese sauce and a side of refried beans. And if you're not having a beer or margarita, they have Mountain Dew which thrills me! This place is very affordable and the employees are always warm and welcoming. The green salsa is my favorite. Tip: If you come in and it's busy, make your way to the bar where you can order and dine from there.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,6/5/2014,17,59,2,3,2>This is not so much a cafe as it is a full service restaurant with bar.Had an overnight stay in El Paso and checked Yelp for some grub... saw this cafe a half mile away and went for a walk to get some takeout. Turns out it is a very nice restaurant.The hostess was very gracious and allowed me to order takeout. I opted for the steak tampiquena, and bistek burrito. Bistek = beef steak, get it?The food was awesome. The steak tampiquena was tender and flavorful, the cheese enchilada was awesome. The burrito was for my sons, and was very good.If you're driving through El Paso, this place is right off the I-10 and completely worth the stop. If you live in El Paso and haven't eaten here, you should give it a shot.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,6/4/2014,6,27,2,4,2>This is a terrific place to browse books, including a great collection of children's books in English and Spanish. Margaret is a terrific host and can give you great recommendations on any subject, and often can show you galleys of yet-to-be published children's books.There has been some rumors that the business was closed, and this is not the case at all. Please do your part to stop by and help this great business stay in business.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2014,6/2/2014,6,15,2,5,2>My wife and I have never had authentic Chinese. So we can only base our opinion on what we know as Americanized Chinese food.  Having said that, our diner was enjoyable.  We ordered green onion pancakes and pork steamed dumplings.  They were very tasty.  For dinner, we had Szechuan sauce beef (okay), sweet and sour pork (best in EP), honey BBQ ribs (awesome) and chicken fried rice (the usual). Overall, we will come back and try other dishes.  We would recommend this place.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,6/1/2014,8,25,2,4,2>If you consider a greasy, cheesy handmade burger the best in life (and you should) and don't mind it being a bit of a dive, this is your place. Good fries, excellent burgers, and cut above the (also good) burger dive competition at Good Luck Cafe.Be warned that groups over four may have difficulties getting seated together, especially if it's not busy. I saw a group of five come in when there were still plenty of tables available and the waitress steered them to the bar, a pretty inconvenient arrangement, rather than offering to push tables together. Not sure what would happen if you asked/tried to consolidate.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,5/31/2014,9,13,2,5,1>This is one of those places you have to go if you are in El Paso, hell anywhere in west Texas. Just when you think you're getting lost, or you think your driver might be trying to murder you and leave you in the desert, you'll find it. It's expensive, gas money aside, but you definitely get what you pay for. The food is great and the steak is a rare pleasure you won't find too many other places. Since they oversee the meat from its birth to its presentation on your plate, they know what they're doing.And there's a petting zoo!I haven't gotten into the non-restaurant activities of the establishment but there's a pretty full program of stuff to do out there for a day or weekend.I'd drop it half a star for the cost and the fact that it's in the middle of nowhere but the food more than makes up for it.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2012,5/30/2014,7,5,2,3,2>This place is AWESOME. I love their burgers and fries and that green Chile sauce. Worth the drive from anywhere else in town, especially FT Bliss. Sometimes I'll take an extended lunch just to eat one of these tasty burgers. Service is good, they keep your MASSIVE cups filled. Clean restaurant that don't look like much from the outside, but pretty cool inside. I will visit over and over again.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,5/29/2014,4,17,1,4,3>This place is a neighborhood gem!  Don't let the looks of being located in a shopping center deceive you...the food is some of the best in El Paso.  We entered for a mere bite, but instead couldn't help ordering multiple, multiple items off the menu.We started with the calamari which is tossed in a spicy ginger sauce.  One word:  perfect.  We also had the Spinach Chili Dip with Blue Corn Tortillas which was nice but we could have eaten more than the small portion served.  Our table had multiple main course items:  Kimchee Burger with a Siracha Saurce (house made kimchee! -- excellent), grilled salmon, Caprese Burger with fresh mozzarella, and multiple salads.  Overall, this is a perfect lunch location and would be a nice dinner spot as well.  Don't miss it if you are in El Paso.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,5/28/2014,0,8,3,6,3>Finally, a place in El Paso that does dining right!The restaurant is beautiful and the food is amazing. Great wine list. Delicious fried oysters. Really delicious. My hubby had the short ribs and they were incredibly tender and tasty. The roasted chicken brings chicken to the next level. Accompanied by brussels and the most velvety celery root puree I've ever tasted. The perfect little creme brûlée served in a cast iron dish for dessert. It was a win. Besides the food, the details make it worth visiting. Everyone looks you in the eye when they talk to you. "Excuse me", "thank you" and "my pleasure" heard on a regular basis. Our server was very polite and helpful (somewhat of a rarity in this city). She brought over a small side table so my purse wouldn't have to sit on the floor. What?! Thank you! Always very attentive; no empty glasses unfilled, no empty plates left on the table. It was so nice to not be frustrated by service during dinner. So. Nice. In short, if you're asking if you should...you should.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,5/26/2014,53,50,6,8,7>El Paso IS beautiful. The desert IS beautiful. The Franklin Mountains ARE beautiful. And Scenic Drive really showcases just how beautiful all 3 can be - any time of the day.Want to see New Mexico, El Paso, and Juarez all at the same time during the day? Check out Scenic Drive. Want to see a beautiful sunrise or beautiful sunset? Check out Scenic Drive. But if you want to see a landscape of beautiful lights and a city that is truly alive and buzzing with a melting pot of cultures... Oh yeah, still check out Scenic Drive.Whether you're walking, biking, running, jogging, or driving, be sure to take your time so that you can soak in all of the beautiful scenery.I love El Paso. But I fall in love with it a little more each time I take a stroll down Scenic Drive.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,5/25/2014,13,29,2,5,3>the ladies here are WONDERFUL, ok so they call me miss Beautiful so I might be bias, but they are so sweet and remember everyone that comes in.  The Fish is awesome.  Nice beer batter that doesn't slide off when you cut into it.  Fries arent the best but they are still good.  Place is ALWAYS very clean!good lunch spot
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,5/24/2014,6,4,2,4,3>If this place was down the street, I would be eating here breakfast, lunch, and dinner every day of the week. The food here is easily the most innovative and delicious food in El Paso. Few restaurants come close in terms of creativity and bang for your buck. Awesome coffee too.My favorite dishes are the short rib sandwich and the vegan nachos
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,5/23/2014,13,8,2,5,3>My husband and I came here on a Friday night date and it just might be our new favorite spot. "They had me at... The beer selection," said my husband. Their variety is the most impressive in El Paso. They have five pages dedicated to adult beverages. Then there's the food. We ordered the kitchen sink pizza and were pleasantly surprised. It was a flat New York style pizza that garnered the fragrance of a veggie pizza however bit was accompanied with the pleasant presence f pepperoni and salami. All their dishes were quite unique. Although the space is a bit small, the ambiance was very cozy. AND they had live entertainment! Can't get much better. My husband feels like he's back in New York. It's a vibrant little place that deserves a try.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,5/22/2014,29,4,,6,2>First time at Hot & Juicy, and came based on Yelp reviews.  The business is very clean, and even though the restroom was outside around the building it was super clean. I ordered a regular cheeseburger with chile cheese fries. It was a perfect portion to start. The bun was steamed and moist. The lettuce, tomato, pickles, and onion were fresh! The meat patty was flame broiled and Hot & Juicey, lol.  I like that you put your own ketchup, mustard, and mayo because sometimes the cook can over do it on dressings. It was a perfect burger, and it only cost $2.99 . The chile cheese fries were good, not great. They might have been better with a little more chili and shredded cheese.I enjoyed the meal, and I would go back. The only drawback is they close pretty early in the evening.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,5/21/2014,66,129,2,4,3>Live jazz on the weekends.  The dinner service was good, the food was very good, but the drinks were even better. GREAT bartender.  It's an upscale ambience,  so nix the casual wear. Pricey by El Paso standards,  so come prepared. It's easy to drop $80 per person dining here. The restaurant was surprisingly kid friendly,  if you have well behaved, worldly kids....they'll be fine here.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,5/20/2014,4,7,2,4,3>One of my favorite places to go. Never been disappointed. Last time went for the Sunday Brunch with my Girlfriend and her sister so I was able to see 3 different plates and all of them were delicious. Make sure you order a side of bacon. Thick cut and flavorful. We all had  bloody mary and it was fantastic. It could get packed and parking could be a little tricky but well worth the effort.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,5/19/2014,23,62,2,5,3>The moment I stepped into the German Bakery (Bäckerei in German), it smelled like home. It's so nice to have a little piece of Germany on the eastside of town and I felt like I was at home, with all those sweets and German varieties of breads and rolls. Some elderly women had their coffee date there, just like home when Grannies meet at heir local bakery, and it smelled like cake and coffe. I ordered a lot of pastries, cookies and German brezeln, and I have to say that I was content. It's not as good as back home, but regarding that they have to work with American ingredients and that flour is quite different here, I'm just happy I got a taste of home. I came back for a second time and got some other sweets... The chocolate croissant is really good and the double cookies with marmalade filling are delicious.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,5/18/2014,14,82,2,4,3>Definitely unmatched in El Paso. Great place to go for a beer, they have a huge selection. Also, they have very good food coming out of the kitchen too. For a tasty snack, go with the fried mushrooms or sweet potato fries. For an entree I like the ribeye sandwich. Everything is very fresh and presented well. They have weekly dinner specials that they advertise on their Facebook so I'd recommend following that.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,5/17/2014,142,61,2,5,3>OK, this place is absolutely amazing. I had seen this place before right across the street from my job but never thought about stepping in. Wish I had alot sooner! This place is exactly what it says it is. It's a corner ice cream shop, candy shop and where you can get an awesome panini. It has some really cool Coca Cola decor and a large candy wall with a variety of candy. I had a banana shake which caused my tastebuds to throw a massive party. Definitely recommend this place if you have a sweet tooth.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,5/16/2014,13,2,2,5,3>I love coming here! You can catch me here weekly. Great kicking back, having some drinks with good company, and catching up or having a laugh. Have met many new people here who very friendly.Great atmosphere. The dress code is casual.Bartenders have a wide range of drink knowledge. Coming here on slow times during the day allowed me to hold conversations with the bartenders and try out new drinks.They recently opened a restaurant next door and the food is great, bar-food such as nachos and such but give it a try, you won't be disappointed. Love coming here, and alway will!
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,5/15/2014,9,9,2,7,4>Attended 2 games during opening week at Southwest University Park. First game, it was a Wednesday afternoon and sat behind the Chihuahuas dugout. Second game, it was a Sunday afternoon game and we sat on the 2nd level of City Hall Grill. The ballpark is a very nice looking stadium with a great layout for enjoying the game and also getting a nice view of downtown. Of the 2 areas where I have sat, I very much enjoyed the City Hall Grill area. It is in the back of right field, so you have a view from the back of the stadium. The view is not diminished in the least. I prefer it because the seating is cozier as there are limited seats in each section. And, you have your own full bar readily accessible. The only downside, for now, is that the restaurant, which I assume gives it the Grill name, was not open yet but is expected to be open by the next home series. For food, we had to walk to the main concourse. Though the popcorn, slushy, and hot dog vendors did make an appearance.As for the food, it is pretty standard ballpark fare. There are tons of options and with only 2 games in, have not had a chance to try many of them. The important things first, the beer is cold and you have a choice of either draft or cans. The jumbo hot dog is very tasty (plain dog that you dress yourself) and seems to be an all beef dog. There are other dog options that also look tasty (Juarritos dog, line was too long, Dudley dog, a foot-long covered in queso) and will eventually try those and update the review. The Border Nachos are equally as good. Nachos with steak added and a tasty salsa served up in a souvenir dog bowl. The only disappointing food item was the Huevos Rancheros burger. It is a burger with chorizo, green salsa, shredded cheese, and a fried egg on top. Sound delicious and parts of it were. The chorizo had just enough spice but was not overwhelming. The green salsa as well. The egg was perfectly fried, done just enough to set the white but still had a runny yolk. The disappointment was the patty. It was dry and chewy from overcooking or sitting in a warmer. This is a big, messy burger. You need a fork or plenty of napkins. Given that this was opening week, I am going to hold off final judgment on the dishes as they are still working out the kinks and I am banking on them improving the consistency and quality of the food. I will attend many other games and will sample other dishes and retry those that may have fallen short.Overall, a Chihuahuas game with a hot dog, a cold beer, and a great view is a great time indeed. Highly recommended!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,5/14/2014,9,7,,4,2>I like this place alot. I had the chicken parmesan and it was good. I'd probably get it again, but I want to try other stuff first. There's a mob room and Vegas room that are cool. They look real. The service is good too. I went cause I wanted to see the ghost, but they never showed up. I think its because my friend was being to negative that the ghost didnt want to show itself.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,5/13/2014,3,3,2,4,3>There are only 2 occasions that swing by this restaurant, after I work through the night and when I party through the night. I always have the same two things from this place, the chorizo breakfast burrito and the Mexican breakfast burrito. They are both great and would recommend them to anyone. The salsa is too spicy for my taste, but I usually take them home and but siracha on them. Yum.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,5/12/2014,22,3,,5,4>Amazing! Everything is so, so good! I'm literally reviewing this at the table, because they deserve the instant gratification. The interior resembles Amuse; however, the food/drinks/service is FAR superior!!! We began with the short ribs, and they were amazing! From there, we indulged in three sushi rolls (lobster roll, sexy koi roll, and spider roll). All were outstanding- the best in El Paso. The presentation is gorgeous, and we wanted to take time and enjoy it. When we started eating though, we couldn't stop. It's SO delicious. They are working on their wine list and plan to pair their entrees with wine. I'm incredibly excited for it! For a great, refreshing beverage- try the cucumber margarita. Very well balanced! The service was meticulous, helpful, and some of the best I've experienced. Fantastic job, Koi! I look forward to visiting again with many others!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,5/11/2014,2,3,,6,2>I have absolutely loved each experience in Vapor Amor. I upgraded to an iTaste battery and pro tank based on advice and discussion with the very pleasant and knowledgeable sales clerk.  It is awesome.  Everyone comments and asks where to go.  This is the place.  Equipment,  juice,  and customer service.  Plus, they have preferred customer incentives.  The Fire and Ice flavor is a huge hit. ... tastes like Big Red gum. .... No better place to shop for your needs.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,5/10/2014,15,11,1,4,3>Since the groundbreaking we have eagerly anticipated the opening of  El Prado Bakery on Rich Beam. Like many others I can testify that indeed it was worth the wait!  The interior of the building itself is a work of art with hand painted murals and witty chalkboard style sketching it has the feel of an Albuquerque Art District Bistro or in Austin Texas Cafe. Cleanliness is next to godliness and this place fits the bill. The floors windows counters walls and restrooms are squeaky clean. Most importantly the food they craft is absolutely delicious! . It's Mexican fare with fresh baked breads, pan dulcet and the best damn donuts I've had here in ElPaso.  They make burritos and tortas (sandwiches) to order,  menudo with all the fixings and tamales and so much more. Their cookies are as beautiful as they are delicious.  One of the best aspects is the sale of milk by the gallon.  They're a reasonably priced neighborhood bakery that we feel blessed to have close to home! Keep up the good work El Prado!  (But please fix that vacuum type whistle noise that we hear when we sit in the seating area)
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,5/9/2014,24,15,,3,2>Came here with some friends and my 3 year old daughter.  I love the fact that they do children's pedicures and they have fun seats for kids to sit in. We were all very happy with our pedicures and we were treated kindly. The owner, Tina and her husband are very welcoming  and have a great sense of humor. I will be back again and I will definitely try their other services!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,5/8/2014,10,6,2,8,4>Great for a romantic dinner or just a cool hangout place with friends. Tasty wine & a great selection. Food is delicious. I had the baked brie plate $8 and the crab cake on a small bed of green lettuce/salad $8. Very tasty. Do try both. My husband ordered the Salmon $22 in a plum sauce? It was amazing. The cheese cake? A rip off...it is Costco cheese cake :-) ....i asked the waiter who makes it and he said "it's Kirkland made" ....lol, like I would not know who Kirkland brand belongs to ...I am crazy Costco shopper so .....anyhow, even so I still like the place. Clean & classy. Not a trashy bar. Glad is here.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,5/7/2014,67,52,,11,5>The place is small, but feels very Manhattan-y. It's downtown location is ideal since it's a few blocks away from most major office buildings. As far as the food goes, it's pretty good. The pizza is very tasty, and hearty. The antipasto salad is huge, and very well served, it's a bang for your buck.The service is pretty good, but lunch time gets very busy. Overall, I know I'll be returning.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,5/6/2014,63,174,,6,3>There are very few places in El Paso that deserve five stars, and this is one of them. I give so much credit to them for what they have created, from the cozy interior vibe, to the amazing drinks, to the truly unbelievable menu. They have managed to bring the creativity and passion for delicious food and drink from the larger cities to right in our backyard. I have been here for drinks (the house-infused liquor is wonderful), beers (impressive selection), lunch (just had the inventive lentil wrap today - amazing!), and dinner (every one of our four entrees was loved).  I could not appreciate more the fact that there are SO MANY healthy options to choose from...gone are the days when I have to resort to a salad for EVERY meal. I could eat here every day and be content. I have never been disappointment with any of the selections, and the fact that they have expanded their size and have a lovely outdoor patio just makes Eloise all the better. Congrats to the team who has made this place thrive, and I beg you...do not let us down! The common trap in El Paso is to quickly phase out, and I sincerely hope you are here to stay. I highly recommend Eloise as a great destination, any time of the day :)
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,5/5/2014,21,58,2,5,3>This is as El Paso as it gets as far as an interesting venue with amazing food. The restaurant is made up of train carts and the decor has been kept, along with keepsakes and toy train memorabillia. Though I have never been to the bar, what keeps me coming back to Track One is their wings. They are HUGE... they are what I have been known to describe as "genetically enhanced chicken wings" haha because of their size, and they are absolutely to die for. They are fried to crispy perfection and doused generously with your choice of sauce: hot, honey bbq, or tossed with lemon pepper. The basket for the regular order comes with 10 wings and a side of ranch dressing and celery sticks. They are highly addictive and delicious; you will definitely keep coming back for more! They also serve a variety of burgers and typical pub fare like nachos and salads.A word of caution: be careful when visiting Track One especially on weekends since, depending on how big your party is, you can wait for up to 45 minutes (sometimes even an hour if it's like 10 of you). If you are going with a friend, the wait time is reduced considerably. I have been there on Tuesday/Wednesday evening and it's nos a busy as it is on the weekends. But I definitely recommend it as quite possibly the # 1 restaurant for wings in town.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,5/4/2014,0,4,4,8,4>This place is awesome. I heard about it at work and was warned about what it looked like on the outside so I wasnt turned off. Inside was a very nice lady who offered tastes of samples and tips on what to get and how to prepare it.  I bought the bratwurst, picodegallo and habenero sausages. She warned me "be careful miho, the habeneros are diablo". LOL. I wouldnt know because my family ate em up before I could try them. They were a hit. Im gonna be their newest regular.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,5/3/2014,25,46,2,6,3>Very simple no frills yoga studio! The studio itself is very small and intimate. Nice clean wooden floors. It is a heated yoga studio and the temperature went up to 90 degrees during my intermediate class. They offer more advanced classes that go up to 100 degrees! They offer a great special for first time students at $20. Their regular drop in fee is $12.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,5/2/2014,66,123,2,5,3>Cocktails here are what really shine! Lovely patio with great view. Restaurant furniture is comfortable. It's the corner tenant in a shopping center, but set off from Mesa, so traffic hub at a minimum on the patio. Great service. Waitstaff not fussy or pushy. Ok place to bring the kiddos and yet, still classy for friends or a date. Our food was fantastic! Definitely something inventive and an eclectic menu in El Paso! Cashasa!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,5/1/2014,66,85,3,8,4>Came here for lunch on Valentines day & I have to say I am absolutely in love with the location! First of all there's free parking across the street how rare is that now a days.. Right? The restaurant is not facing the street which is a huge plus because there are no distractions. There is a small narrow path that you walk through to get to the restaurant and it just gets you in a intimate state of mind which is really nice. Service is great including their customer service over the phone. I don't think people now a days realize the importance of good communication via phone but Table definitely exceeds that. Now for the food! So the food is like appetizer style so you have to choose more than one plate per person. In my case I  ordered the short rib and that was obviously not enough I had to order another plate. Lol My husband ordered a burger and fries and OMG! His burger patty was about 2 inches and the bread was just so soft and absolutely delicious. So then of course I order a hamburger as well with papas bravas. Lol This place is what El Paso has needed and I can't wait for new restaurants to follow their footsteps.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,4/30/2014,180,631,4,9,6>I really enjoy Black Orchid's Speakeasy atmosphere and Prohibition-era drink menu; it has a grown up, yet cool feel to it, with an unpretentious vibe, a combination that is very difficult to find in El Paso. I'm by no means a connoisseur, but I was impressed by the drink menu that features classic and re-imagined cocktails, so far the Bloody Jack is my favorite, but I've only sampled a handful of their drinks.  The Mezcalita is also quite good.Now, I haven't been here during the live jazz nights, when Black Orchid would be understandably loud, but I LOVE how comfortable the background music is here.  Not only is the music enjoyable, but it is also at a very adequate volume, which helps you SPEAK EASilY to others.  Staff is super friendly and helpful and there's plenty of comfortable seating.  This place doesn't disappoint.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,4/29/2014,13,61,2,5,3>This place is a hidden gem! The atmosphere is perfect for reading a book or getting some work done. They have so many choices that you don't even know where to begin, but the staff is really helpful. They'll ask you what you're in the mood for, ask you if you want to smell them, etc. They have a near perfect rating for a reason, and if you enjoy drinking tea and taking some time off to yourself, this place is it. I got the sultans mint and  maker oolong. Both were unique and I'll be back to try many more.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,4/28/2014,18,40,,4,2>I could not be more excited that the east side finally has a healthy food restaurant! The space is definitely small, maybe they weren't expecting to always be so busy, but the staff are absolutely amazing and always so very attentive! Everything on the menu is pretty much guaranteed to be tasty and the smoothies are fantastic!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,4/27/2014,26,31,2,7,4>Wow! What a pleasant surprise! Who knew a restaurant attached to a gas station could be soooo great!!!! Best mexican food I've found in El Paso thus far AND great prices!!!!This place is super clean! Which is always something I'm looking for when going out to eat! Beautiful patio area and inside is nice as well!  Service was excellent! Very fast and efficient.   The fresh, homemade tortilla chips and salsa were phenomenal! By husband and I had to force ourselves to stop eating them and save room for our entree!We shared a taco plate that came with 3 crispy chicken tacos and beans and rice for only 6.99! Then, here comes the best part... Wednesday is gourmet taco night! $2 specialty tacos! I had the chipotle shrimp and my husband had the carne. There were about 4 other options on the menu that we will have to go back and try!Total bill for both of us, $15! And we left full!  Oh yeah, $2.50 pints of Amber Bock, shock top and Michelob Ultra all the time! And $3 pints of Stella!!!! Plus, they do sangria by the pitcher and to go! I didn't even know that was legal!!!!
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,4/26/2014,86,46,5,7,4>Little Bit of Texas is a Texas-themed bar/club that plays a mix of mostly country and some hip hop (on Saturdays near mid-night at least).  There's a fairly large dance floor, but it's not nearly large enough for the crowds of two-step and beer fanatics that flood the place on Saturday evenings.  SATURDAY evenings from 7pm-9pm is when you can get your $0.25 beers. That's right. 25 cents. Don't get too excited though, because there's a line that wraps around the world to get into LBT.  The earliest I've been was 6:45pm, and there's already a line of beer lovers around the corner! Friday night is hopping too, but I'm assuming it's less crowded without the basically-free beer deal in the early evening. (I secretly love the line though; it brings me back to KOK's Breakfast Club at IU. Ha!)THURSDAY nights are for you if you're new to country music and line dancing/two-stepping. There are line dance lessons from 7:30-8:30pm from Raul (he's awesome).  There's a schedule of which line dances Raul teaches. He knows hundreds of line dances!! On the other hand, I think the two-step lessons are fairly new - I added a Yelp tip on this recently (Updated: two-step lessons moved to Friday nights).Never having experienced two-step or line dancing before stepping foot in LBT here in El Paso besides the Electric Slide and the Cupid Shuffle, I gotta say I fell in love with it pretty quickly. It's fun going early with a group of friends so you can grab a table.  It's pretty easy to reserve tables for parties/birthdays. Country music, lots of dancing, cheap beer, an awesome staff, free parking, and a good mix of people (including the cutest older couples who probably can tell that I'm obsessed with them); what's not to love.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,4/25/2014,2,9,3,5,4>The chocolate covered anything is amazing she has great  quality chocolate, the fudge is delicious.  I had a chocolate covered cherry, chocolate covered mango,  and chocolate covered pineapple.  The fruit is abundant in size no skimpy small pieces here and when the fruit is dipped i don't think it's just once the layer of chocolate is thick and silky and delicious. The owner is so adorable she is so peppy and sweet and super friendly. I will definitely be back and since now I have the shirt 20% off my purchase :-D  (when I wear it)
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,4/24/2014,15,18,2,6,5>Awesome place to view great art work. Check them out every last Thursday Art Walk. Always showcasing some cool artist. They have food on Sundays and other events throughout the week and month. They have local artists and vendors on Saturday 10 am to 2 pm.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,4/23/2014,170,22,3,7,3>Okay this place is completely not what I thought it would be. My uncle invited me to lunch here. At a grocery store? Umm sure. As soon as I walked in I felt like I was at a fair! There's a little stand for fruits and Agua frescas. A little bakery. And finally the area to order food; tacos, tortas, burritos, gorditas, quesadillas and more. I couldn't believe how much food they serve! I like that they make it in front of you too, the whole fishbowl idea makes me feel a little more secure. The food was perfect! And might I add huge! The seating area is large and self serve, like a Costco. And cheap! for $19 we got 2 carne asada tortas, a chicken quesadilla and a bean and cheese burrito.I didn't walk around the grocery store, but my uncle said it has all the usual stuff; deli, meat counter and seafood counter. But he did speak highly of them all.This place is an experience! I loved my food and I'm dying to try everything else they have to offer. Eat on!
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,4/22/2014,5,5,4,5,4>So glad we stopped in for happy hour today. Came in for happy hour because we read that it entailed 1/2 off appetizers, 25% off wine and $3 drafts. The wife ordered the Moscato and I, the Kona Fire Rock.  Our waiter Marcelo was very attentive and suggested the calamari, and the mushroom/eggplant bourekas. His service stood out as amongst the most professional we've observed in the region. The bourekas was so good we had to order a second dish. With the addition of fresh lemons, the calamari was delightful. The sesame wings were also yummy as the slightly spicy and just a dash of sweet seasoning was finger licking good. We also enjoyed the potato and peas samosas with a hint of curry, allspice, and topped with pureed cilantro. Had no room for dessert, but Marcelo recommended the creme brûlée.We will be back to enjoy the laid back jazz infused vibe with friends in tow. Feel of the place is very cosmopolitan and that is not easy to find in the area. FYI, parking down the block is free after 6, and happy hour runs all night long WED and THUR and till 7 most other nights.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,4/21/2014,8,307,2,5,4>Since we had tickets to a show at the Plaza Theater, we left early enough to have dinner on the way.  The Italian Kitchen was not too far out of the way to stop for dinner.  We were very pleased with the service and the food.  We started out with side salads which were good.  Their house dressing was very good.  My wife had the baked spaghetti and I had the spaghetti with pepperoni and meat sauce.   Both entrees were tasty.  They do have 1/2 size entrees which is a very nice option.  We have no reason not to return again
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,4/20/2014,15,11,3,5,3>Cant go wrong with this place. Ever have that moment where you cant figure out what you want and you're in the northeast and tired of the same thing? Hit up JR's. Better than anyones backyard bbq brats. Been coming for 18 years and never had a bad experience. Food is always delicious.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,4/19/2014,39,15,6,8,4>You complete me every Wednesday! Your Wednesday special from 11am to close is all I think about Tuesday nights. Your $10 Paella pours from the sky in my dreams and If I was still a drinking alcoholic I would devour a few pitchers at a time of your delucious looking $10 Sangrias. Alas, I have this to say to you La Oveja....... you complete me every Wednesday  If you have never been here you are doing yourself wrong and I beg of you to go try this fabulous Spanish tapa restaurant.  Located right next door to The Tap. You can thank me later. When you go tell Mike, the owner, that Annie from Annie's Adventures sent you ;)Ps. The paella will feed 3 to 4 peoplePss. I love lamp
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,4/18/2014,0,3,1,5,3>Great little gem of a restaurant. Looks a little quaint from the outside but the food is delicious. My girlfriend ordered the crispy chicken basil and I had the drunken noodles. Both were absolutely magnificent! And you have to get a Thai tea from here; their mix tastes different than any other I've tried. Meals are a bit on the pricier side, but the portions and taste makes it well worth the money. In all honesty, two light eaters could easily share one meal and still be stuffed. My only issue is that I wish they'd get a slightly nicer facility.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,4/17/2014,1,41,2,9,4>Nice little place in the same shopping center as Cabo Joe's.  Ordered the large King's Favorite to go.  Thought it looked small when I first got it but was full by the end of the meal.  Fries were nice and crispy with a salt & pepper combination.  Small sandwiches are 6.99 and the larges are 8.99.  Get a small discount if you use cash.  Talked to the manager who said they open at 7 a.m. and serve a "Big Ass Breakfast Burrito".  They have Rolling Rock for $1 on draft and some other options in cans.  Sandwich was pretty good.  Got a little messy with the cheese sticking to the paper, but I'd go back.  They also have burgers/salads w/ tuna, black beans, as options for the burgers. Large sandwich/fries and a drink came out to around $12 (paid w/ card).
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,4/16/2014,146,122,5,6,5>I came here with my "little" in the Summer of 2013. because I mentored with "Big Brothers, Big Sisters" at the time. Through the program I received a gift certificate for this place. Even though they were under new ownership, the man in charge allowed us to use it.My little and I had a great time. The staff was knowledgable, friendly & helped our pieces of hardened clay transform into something that looks like pottery (I'm not the most artistic person). I'm hoping to come here again to make more pottery before I leave El Paso later this year.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,4/15/2014,66,27,2,7,3>I've been to Star City quite a few times since it has been open now, and it has really earned an update on this review.The quality of the food has been extremely consistent and I have had a chance to explore more of the menu.  The range is great, and I look forward to continuing to try new things each time I return.  Most of the items are varying types of comfort food and it is prepared just right to hit those cravings.  The main thing I always want when I go is the garlic fries, but last time I went I finally tried the green chili mac & cheese and it was exactly what I had hoped it would be.  I definitely recommend the fried egg sandwich or the pork belly tacos, and the fish tacos are a great choice when you're looking for something lighter.  The location of this place really is fantastic because the hours are perfect for a late night meal after an evening at the bars on Robinson or Cincinnati.Like any popular restaurant, when it's extremely packed, it may be a while to get your food, but the service has always been great and the servers are always prompt, friendly and attentive.  I always tend to go late at night, so I can't comment on the bar experience.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,4/14/2014,6,8,2,5,3>This restaurant opened April 3. 2014 with a larger staff than normal, 1 - Because it's new and a larger crowd always accompanies a new opening, and 2 - because there was a training staff in place of employees from other locations. The company is based in Dallas and began in 1985. I lived in that area from1975-2004 so I am very familiar with them. I have been to a half dozen Dallas-area locations plus two in Austin (one closed), one in San Antonio, and the one in Phoenix Airport. Their restaurants vary from more bright and formal to more woodsy and laid back. The rooms in each restaurant have differing 'personalities' as well. This location has one large bright, formal room plus three smaller rooms and an outdoor patio.As far as food, they have varied the French toast more than anything over the years. I have not tried the current Brioche w/ the raisin bread. This location has omelets which I highly recommend. The quiche is good although not my personal choice. I love their coffee and breads they offer on the side. I also recommend the Chicken Pesto Pasta - it is so good you can eat it all in one sitting! It has bow tie pasta. You can spend more here for breakfast than dinner so be prepared. I do not think la Madeleine is expensive, but you can make it so by what you order!Tomas, the Assistant GM, says they may offer French classes. One thing the newer locations like this lack is the tray line where you grab a tray and your utensils and order based on what's behind the glass (like in a cafeteria). This allows streamlining the operation and for a smaller floor plan.  I say, "What are you waiting for? Just go there!"
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,4/13/2014,161,398,3,8,4>Family owned since 1980.  Nice little shop with a focus on decorated cakes made to order in round, daisy and heart shapes.   A wide variety of smaller baked goodies are in the cases and an ample selection of burritos in the cooler ready to be taken home and popped a minute in the microwave for a quick dinner. Plates of cookies are on display ready for you to take to the friend's house tonight.  They have 3 tables for two for you to enjoy your selection and a glass partition allows you to watch the cake decorating.  Hey! Good coffee, Dinner and a show!!!!Ok. On to the important stuff... Mmm apple fritter bearclawthing!Theirs is strong on the cinnamon without being overpowering. The glaze to pastry ratio is perfect.  Its a heavier more substantial version than some I've had in EP.  Denser without seeming overworked or not risen   When I get one anywhere  I know Im not going to be having a second, and some of the lighter ones can leave me feeling unsatisfied, which is BAD for the waistline.  This one was the perfect balance of filling hefty areas where the glaze pocketed ever so slightly, balanced by puffy sweet bready areas.  A texture as well as a taste treat.  These people go above and beyond to make their customers feel welcome.  They "get" the whole idea of service as an essential part of offering a product.  Its obvious they have a devoted following, and for good reason!  Wish I lived closer....nah. Cant afford a new wardrobe.  Lol
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,4/12/2014,10,26,,7,2>It's too bad that we don't go to east side as often as I want to. But whenever I go, this place is on the must-consider list. Why? It's souper salad on crack. Everything there is from their kitchen. No defrosted factory soup, bread and dessert here. And it's nice to support local businesses. Also, it had more protein choices than other salad buffet places. I like eating healthy but want to splurge on the side. This place has perfect combination of salads, soups, pizzas, wings, and desserts. Also, try their cucumber lemonade. Very refreshing!
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,4/10/2014,0,6,2,4,3>This was so good! I was looking for a place to eat and stumbled upon Davi's by mistake. I walked in was treated cordially and the ordering process was simple. Had the Bistek torta and an horchata. The torta was filling, flavorful and the horchata was sweet. I will be heading back!
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,4/9/2014,12,4,2,9,9>My boyfriend Aaron and I, stumbled upon this little piece of hipster heaven on a Saturday night around 9 pm. We had no clue what this place was or what it was about but decided to check it out since it looked like a good place to grab a drink. We immediately sat at the bar not really knowing what to expect. There were a couple of groups sitting here and there; it was rather early so we didn't expect to see a huge crowd. There was plenty of staff ready to serve; all very friendly. The place was a good size with plenty of space to sit, including tables and booths. Miguel, our bartender, handed us a drink menu. Aaron and I usually drink dark beer so, of course, we ordered stouts. We noticed that almost everyone was drinking what appeared to be mixed drinks out of mason jars. We asked Miguel what they were having and alas the great moonshine was discovered! Keep in mind that i have ABSOLUTELY no idea what this is so I was definitely intrigued. Miguel was able to give us a little bit of a history lesson behind moonshine (having knowledgeable staff is a huge plus for me!  Don't give me your typical "uh-- i just work here" guy). Aaron was a little skeptical about moonshine but managed to encourage me to have the first drink hoping I'd give him a good review and I am SO glad I did.I tried the Front Porch Peach Tea first, and it was delicious! I'm not a big fan of really sweet drinks, so this was perfect for me. For my second drink, I had the Blueberry Lemonade and, again, it did not disappoint. The great thing about both of them was that you could hardly taste the alcohol, which is crazy because moonshine is about 80 to 100% alcohol (please verify lol) so be careful with 'em 'cause they'll sneak up on you. Our bartender also gave us a "sample" shot of a moonshine concoction they were selling at the moment. If i recall correctly, it was moonshine made with Chile de Arbol and other delicious ingredients; It went down surprisingly smooth with a little kick at the end.To say the least, Pint & Peanut is definitely the new must-go to spot in Downtown El Paso. I guarantee you won't regret it! Two thumps up for ingenuity and hospitality. Cheers!
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,4/8/2014,6,115,2,4,3>My first pair of Shimano bicycle sandals (purchased from Walt's Bike Shop, ColumbiaMO)  have endured enormous amounts of distance for years, with the ultimate abuse coming from TSA-Newark. [They had to ensure that the metal plate in the sole was not a IED or anything and skewered it apart to see for themselves that it truly was as I had said, meant for bicycling not blowing up airplanes. Naturally, after that, I walked around as if I had a serious impediment, which gave my good friend KJ (Physical Therapist/Teacher) the opportunity to analyze my gait when visiting in beautiful BrooklynNY-USA. He accepted the sore condition of my feet & unwillingness to part with MORE $$$ for corrective action.] However, corrective action has happened: I just picked up these rebuilt sandals from owner/operator Javier at Texas Book & Shoe Repair and they are WONDERFUL! The Vibram soles over the metal plates along with added arch multiplier provide tremendous support, both walking and, preferably, bicycling. Of course, the second pair of Shimano bicycle sandals (also purchased from Walt's a few years afterwards), have also been subjected to as much as, if not more than, use/abuse are now in Javier's very capable hands for some serious rebuilding/reconditioning. Of course, the ultimate fix would be for me to part with more $$$$ for another pair, but heck, as long as these can be repaired, why not fix a good thing? What makes it better is that his repair prices are very reasonable indeed.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,4/7/2014,25,11,2,4,3>Been searching out a great breakfast place in northeast El Paso with my father for a while.  We grab the current rugrat in the morning(I have two.) and head out.  We've tried nearly a dozen places, but this is becoming my favorite. Prices are good pico de gallo and chile come to the table immediately with chips, for free.  They are really good!  The food just continues to get better from there.  Fluffy pancakes, juicy sausage patties, and genuinely fine slow-cooked chile Colorado and chile verde con crane.The eggs are cooked well. The hash browns are actually good!  Most ppl mess this up.  I'm falling for this place. Plus!   They turned an old Pizza Hut into something edible!!  Yes!!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,4/6/2014,0,43,2,4,3>After reading previous reviews, I decided to give this place a try. I wasn't disappointed at all. Very professional service. Everything was explained in detail where it could be understood by anyone without automotive experience. Thank you to the staff for their quality service. I will definitely bring my vehicle back to this location.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,4/5/2014,9,10,1,5,2>Never ate a Blake's and today was the day. The burger and fries were delicious! Washed it down with some sweet tea! It was the #1 with cheese! The meal was not much different from Whataburger other than the fries...the fries were already salted, so bare that in mind in case you need to balance your salt intake - BUT were hella good! The restaurant itself seems small, but the employees are friendly and helpful. There is an employee that walks around with napkins, ketchup, etc - very nice and also, much like Whataburger. I was impressed with the price - affordable! Especially for a family out for a burger! I hope it stays that way! I was also impressed that when you order a kid's meal with a chocolate; the chocolate bottle is a tad bigger than that of places like McDs. Also, a good amount of fries! Chicken strips are a good size for the little ones and also taste delicious...had to taste it, you know, to check it out for the children. The only drawback is that you have to be in the same vicinity where people are ordering at the counter when needing more ice for your drink. Yes, the fountain drinks and teas are in the location where patrons can serve themselves, but for the ice: You have to get the attention of the cashiers or employes behind the counter IF the employee going around with condiments is unavailable for you.  I will be returning to try a double with chile along with some chili cheese fries! Maybe the chili dog as well!  So wait for my review until then!
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,4/4/2014,12,36,3,8,3>I just move here from KS and was looking for a cupcake shop since I'm addicted to cupcakes. Oh my!!!! What a great surprise!!! I purchase 2 european cupcakes, 2 vanilla w/ chocolate buttercream and 2 red velvet. We had our little ceremony after school, cutting the cupcakes and examining the flavors. Never-less, me, my husband and my daughters loved them all. Yes... They are gone! Great flavors, excellent combinations, the  cupcake itself had an amazing texture! We are going back!
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,4/3/2014,23,28,2,5,3>If I had a plethora of good friends, which I do, I would have them all meet me at Clasico Kitchen & Bar! The inside has seating for about 50 patrons, and if the weather is nice (which it usually is) the covered patio outside can seat another 40. If sitting down is not your style, you may visit there drive-thru window for sizzling hot tacos to-go. The music played while you dine is brought to your ears by Touch Tunes. I love anyplace that has this "play what you want to hear, when you want to hear it" technology. It's a great way for either staff or guests to control the vibe of the place, and hopefully in a finish your drink and order another kind of way. I ordered the chicken fajita tacos for my first attempt at Clasico's. My tacos where delivered promptly after ordering, and where hot. Accompanying my tasty tacos were their good friends charro beans, pepino y guacamole, cilantro y onions with lime and salsa! Together they danced in my mouth like a night club at capacity with the hottest D.J. on the 1's&2's. The Touch Tunes made sure that my ears where not left out and felt the same way! However, I was not full off of my order of 4 tacos. But if I were here to enjoy an adult beverage or two with a few compadres, they would be a nice addition to the party raging on inside my body! Two thumbs up, I will be back.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,4/2/2014,22,17,2,7,4>Love it! Initially tried this salon with a groupon and I've already been back and plan on returning often. Both times I've seen Estefania and she has done amazing hair styles! The first was a bigger than Texas do followed by silky and luscious curls. They provide you with delicious wine and fabulous customer service, which I have found to be rare in this city. Glad to have found such a great business to take care of my crazy, curly hair.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,4/1/2014,21,15,2,4,3>My new fave place. Non-vegan pal left stuffed after we shared veg chips, and salad trio (for him- curried chicken salad; for us kale/cranberry salad and tabouli). Went overboard with chocolate macadamia tart covered in berries. Couldn't finish it even though it was off the hook dee-lish.  $3 pineapple ginger beverage has endless refills and is not "sweet" just pure, virtuous flavor.  Excellent, knowledgable and adorable wait staff.  Overboard lunch for 2 was $31 before tip but would've been under $20 if we weren't wicked with dessert and beverages.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,3/31/2014,8,7,2,5,3>I don't feel as though this place gets as much traffic as it should. When my husband and myself went we were the only two in the place and remained the only two the whole time. The food itself is really good and comparable to chipotle in the sense that they have burritos, bowls, tacos and you choose how you want to build your meal (burritoWAY). The food wasn't chipotle tasting however I loved the home cooked taste of the food. I got a chicken fajita bowl combo for $6.99 which I think's a good price. I definitely recommend trying it as they have tons of options. The cashier even included a punch card where your 11th meal would be free! I liked coming here and I will continue to come. The location isn't as great as it's sort of hidden which I feel is the reason it doesn't get as noticed. I plan on adding onto this review the more I come.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,3/30/2014,2,9,,5,3>Just started to get back into collecting comic books, since re-locating to the greater El Paso area. This shop is awesome, along with the owner Brad. This guy knows his comics! He's very easy to work with and most importantly, personable!!! He's got a plethora of Silver Age, to include Bronze, Copper, and Modern ages too, plus toys and games. Once again, I highly recommend this shop to the novice collector, as well as the seasoned.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,3/29/2014,5,15,2,6,3>I love this place and I would definitely be come back here. The service was great and the food was fresh and tasted fresh. I ordered the udon soup and a spicy tuna roll while my husband ordered some tuna and tako nigiri and a steak that was cooked to perfection. We were very pleased.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,3/28/2014,1,7,2,7,4>Love this place. Good music, great friendly service, good atmosphere, and a great place to kick back with friends and loved ones. Parking is slim pickings, but summer evenings is a nice time for a stroll through El Paso. They recently opened there back section call Red Room, which is part of The Network. When the Live entertainment gets to be too loud you can just move to the back and enjoy conversations with your friends without having to shout.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,3/27/2014,64,40,5,8,6>First off, let me say, the girls at Savage are wonderful! Always accommodating and very willing to please.  If you find yourself looking  for delightfully delicious baked goods that are gluten free and vegan, this is your one stop shop. Their items are not your typical flavorless, hard as a rock, gluten free items. Instead, you will find an assortment of breads, donut holes, bars and other goodies that make it feel like a party in your mouth. Our family has tried several items now and will continue to place orders as long as they keep making these wonderful treats! Try the apple pie bars! They are my new favorite!
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,3/26/2014,7,25,2,5,3>Great service, great healthy pizza and great prices!  What more can you ask for? I just wish there were more of these around town.  El Paso isn't known for very many healthy food options, but this is a great start. Enjoy the flavorful & healthy sustenance. I did!
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,3/25/2014,2,9,2,4,3>Stopped in yesterday to check it out and I was surprised that this gem was in my neighborhood. I had chicken laab and it was awesome. Came back today with my husband and his friend and I had the Thai Beef salad and that was phenomenal. The meat was cooked perfect and the flavor was great. The Thai iced tea is great and the waiter good care of us. I'm definitely a fan and will be back often. Thanks for opening in the Northeast, we needed your charm and a taste of good food.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,3/24/2014,9,64,2,5,4>Great place to buy gifts or stuff for yourself. Also you can order off their website and they will ship it for you. We have so many blankets we bought from this store eight years ago and they are still bright and in perfect condition after many washes. The blankets are suitable for decoration or regular use. They keep you nice and warm! I love the prices too! Considering the beauty and quality, you'd think it would be expensive but it's not. And on Saturdays they have dog adoptions! They even host a yearly dog fair which is awesome. So definitely go, look at all the cool stuff, they even have furniture! The staff is really friendly and helpful as well.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,3/23/2014,2,3,2,5,3>I read many reviews before going here for dinner. We went early- armed with plenty of cash and were not disappointed. The food was authentic and delicious and the service was great. It's not a fancy place, but it is clean and the food more than makes up for the lack up ambiance. We will definitely be back.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,3/22/2014,1,31,1,4,2>I love this place!  It's right next to my gym so it's very convenient. You also get a discount if you show any gym membership. Must try's are "the green drink" and the "lite latte smoothie".Both are excellent!  Service is very friendly. Nice place to sitand wait for your drink.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,3/21/2014,4,5,1,3,2>The Instructors are great with my kids! Family owned and operated. The patience, kindness, and expertise the instructors show really makes a difference with my kids. I plan on bringing my kids here for as long as I can.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,3/20/2014,4,6,2,5,4>This is the go-to spot for us each time we're in west El Paso. The service has always been fast and professional (FYI- most staff will greet and cater to you in Spanish) and their food/plate presentation is superb. I can't say have had everything on their menu, but everything we've ever ordered has come out piping hot and has been de-lish.The place is tastefully decorated and bears a resemblance to some of the spots I used to frequent in Juarez back in the day. I love it!   I enjoy the laid back atmosphere, which along with the food, keeps me coming back for more. Try the carnitas and a margarita to wash it all down. You will not be disappointed.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,3/19/2014,42,15,2,7,3>The PHO and Sandwiches here are amazing! I love the Steak PHO #11 and the Grilled Chicken Sandwich #65. I'm originally from San Jose, CA. aka Little Saigon so I know what to expect when it comes to authentic Vietnamese food. I love this place. It reminds me of the Vietnamese restaurants back home. It's a little hidden gem in NE El Paso. The prices are cheap, the food is delicious, the service is awesome.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,3/18/2014,18,7,3,8,4>This has become the only place I get my haircut and only by one person no one else the stylists name is Jairo he cuts perfectly and even does my one year olds hair he takes his time and makes sure that your hair looks perfect my mom also goes there and gets her hair done color and cut and always looks stunning I love this place and would give it more than 5 stars
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,3/17/2014,40,15,,4,2>This place is my new favorite for sushi on the west side. We sampled a few rolls on a cent Friday and all were very fresh and very tasty. We also ordered the ribeye...and we're really surprised at the quality of the cut and the preparation. Priced about he same as the other west side steak places, the ribeye here was wonderful.  I usually don't like having a sauce on top of the steak, but the sauce they daintily put on top ( was it a mushroom sauce? ) was excellent and didn't distract from the cut.The service was good, and the boss came by several times, the only negative I had was that my daughter's order came out much later than the rest of the order. I am going back.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,3/16/2014,23,62,,7,2>One of the nicest things you can do in El Paso. Pack your camera and sunglasses and if you like hiking even your boots (because you can hike down, for all hose who are crazy enough to try). The view ja beautiful and it is an 360* platform from which you can see into Mexico and NM. The tramway up and down is fun and always feels very safe!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,3/15/2014,16,3,3,11,4>Wonderful salon, I used to get my bi-weekly cuts on Fort Bliss until I discovered this place. Nice waiting area with a stocked bar and big screen.  I was well taken care of with haircut, shampoo, rinse, towel wrap, and conversation. Highly recommended!
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,3/14/2014,8,57,2,7,5>Great pizza and nice outdoor setting when the weather is nice.  We got the smoked pizza and it was delicious!  It was a "white" pizza which the waitress explained it didn't have any tomato sauce on it.  Since this was the first time I'd had a pizza like that I was hesitant but, from the recommendation from the waitress, we stuck with the order as is and we were not disappointed.  You could have them add the sauce if you wanted but I highly recommend you don't.  We added pepperonis to the pie which complimented the sausage nicely.  The roasted bell peppers were a great touch as well, though I would have liked a little more on the pie (hence the 4 instead of 5 stars).  The bread was a nice combo of crunch and soft and you could really appreciate the stone oven in the flavor of the bread.You can take your own bottle of wine since they don't serve there but as a heads up, there is a $5 bottle charge which we didn't mind.  I'd also highly encourage going when the weather is cooling off.  You got a pretty good view of the mountains from the outdoor dinning area and it makes for a great romantic, sunset dinner!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,3/13/2014,7,17,3,5,5>Was here for dinner on Friday. Upstairs via elevator. Impressive art pieces as part of the tasteful decor. My salmon was delicious, the Brussels Sprouts with pomegranates were very tasty. Had a taste of my husband Ribeye and it was cooked  to perfection buttery tender! Yum. Mojito was exceptionally good with fresh lime and mint. A glass of Justin was the perfect wine pairing for our meal. Our company raved about their Filet Mignon and Sword Fish. I splurged with the avocado cheesecake which was refreshing and light, it was a perfect evening. Delicious food great service, live singing and wonderful company. Beautiful building .
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,3/12/2014,11,4,3,6,4>As authentic as they come! My favorite Mexican food in all of El Paso (and in a town with a burrito joint on every corner, that's saying something). Don't come here expecting fancy accommodations, though. It's divy and comfy. Bring your stretchy jeans and eat up! Flautas here are the best I've ever had and their tres leches cake is delicious! Decent salsa bar. Super fast service.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,3/11/2014,12,8,3,7,4>Yes, the beer selection is top notch. But add delicious food to the mix and you've got yourself a winner. The wings are great! They are not breaded, my fav, and are fried to crispy perfection. The Blue Fox burger is my all time favorite. The poached pear works so well with the blue cheese. And the sweet potato fries are so crispy and tasty, especially with the walnut aioli. My husband had the burger with bacon marmalade and a fried egg and loved it. The food here is consistently great, and our servers are always knowledgable and friendly. Even if you're not a drinker, this place is a must and one of the best restaurants in El Paso.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,3/10/2014,53,50,2,4,3>Seham's is a pretty neat and quaint little place right next to 5 Points Bistro. Their staff is incredible knowledgeable and friendly and didn't mind me asking all of the questions I had about the different types of coffee beans and brews they had. I'm not much of a coffee connoisseur but they have all kinds of coffee from bitter to earthy and even sweet tasting beans. I chose the Nicaraguan coffee beans and with a little sugar and cream, it was the right choice. They have a pretty awesome and fairly large coffee roaster and brewing machine that really adds to the overall atmosphere of the place. They also have a bakery that produces some pretty delicious breads, cookies, cakes and more. Pricing was a bit on the higher side but the taste really made up for it.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,3/9/2014,102,167,2,6,3>This is one of those spots that without Yelp I would have never have found, the same could be said for 3/4 of the great hole in the walls that I have found on Yelp (or Tanya) finding them for me. The people that work here are great, just laid back and there to get you fed, or watered, or just to chat with. The first time my boss and I walked in with our business attire on and he had this look like what are you taking me to...We were greeted by Allie a young musician who has served us everytime we have been there. She's easy to talk to and quick to recommend something.  My favorite sandwich has been the jalapeno cheddar one and I normally drink a coconut Italian soda. My boss and I now swing by here at least twice a month and it's nice to see them working on the kitchen to churn out some good food. Overall great places to come and chat have something to eat and drink and just relax. I will have to come sometime when they have a live band.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,3/8/2014,142,61,3,6,6>This place rocks!! I tried their Home Plate Nachos with fresh made kettle chips and it was delicious. The waiteress service is awesome. Oh and this place has batting cages in the back!! Cool stress reliever. I recommend trying out their fried twinkie, fried snickers or fried ice cream, may sound gross but it's gooood. Definitely a new hang out.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,3/7/2014,15,12,3,6,4>I never order pizza here, always go with the subs (not to say there isn't good pizza, the subs are just too good to pass up).  Best bread on a sub in all of El Paso!!!  Crunchy outside and soft inside!  All their subs are served hot, which I wasn't used to at first, but it is amazing!  I personally go with the Turkey sub, but they all are delicious!  They don't take cards but they take cash or checks, so I have never had a problem!  The staff is always friendly and fast!
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,3/6/2014,11,2,2,5,3>Where to begin? I guess let's start from day 1! Walking into the Joint I was greeted with smiley faces and a warm hello! I placed my order, a simple pepperoni pizza and a coke. They had just opened so they had some wiggle room if there was any delay in getting out the food but there wasn't :). My pizza came out real quick! Once my eyes locked onto that slice of Pizza I was in love! The Pizza was a great temperature and the crust at the end was soft and sweet! The perfect Pizza, to be honest I went there Day after day and the food and service was consistent. You can't go wrong with these guys, their Pizza is number 1, their wings are number 1, their eyes are number 1. In all seriousness though check these guys out you won't be disappointed!!! Tell them Jono sent ya.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,3/5/2014,6,27,3,6,4>Mighty fine burgers and friendly place. Green chiles are mild so add a squirt of the green sauce on the table if you want spicy. Onions and mustard but no ketchup suits me file, I don't like sweet burgers. The lettuce and onions are chopped so they can fit a lot on the burger and you can still pick it up. No avocado or guacamole available, but they said bring your own and they will add it to a burger if you like. Part of the 4 start rating is that we can walk to this place in 10min. Between this place and Kiki's not much need to drive or cook.;)
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,3/4/2014,8,12,3,6,6>Love this little place! Saw good reviews, hubby and I checked it out this week. My expectations were pleasantly exceeded. First off, the atmosphere is great. Chic, cozy and romantic.  I kept noticing more cute little details throughout the meal.The drink menu was expansive. So many foreign beers we have wanted to try, and our waitress was very helpful about recommending good choices. And the food. Oh my goodness. We haven't had good Italian in a good while, and this will now be our official go to when the craving hits. I had the chicken pepperoni pizza; wonderful! You can tell the kitchen puts pride in their ingredients and work. My husband had spaghetti and meatballs, I'm pretty sure I can't cook it anymore because it would be a disgrace in comparison. Great sauce, juicy and flavorful meatballs.We would absolutely recommend this place for date night or a night with the girls.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,3/3/2014,67,52,3,7,5>Loved loved loved this place. The burgers the beer and the music were great. I ordered the Brisket Burger with the sweet potato fries. Everything about the burger was great. The bread, the meat, and it had some coleslaw inside which gave it an acidic flavor. My husband ordered the Guacamole Burger and that too was delicious. The garlic fries are seasoned just right. It might be a bit pricey, but it's definitely worth it.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,3/2/2014,3,23,3,5,5>I love Kiki's, the green chile chicken enchiladas are amazing. The staff has always been friendly, informative and fun. If it is busy you may have to wait a little bit but that doesn't bother me much....I like to take my time and enjoy the whole experience.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,3/1/2014,2,58,3,8,6>Simply put, this place is fantastic.  Easily one of my favorite places in El Paso to get a steak, and the prices can't be beat.  For under $20 you get a quality cut of meat that is lean, and you don't have a plate with a ton of leftover fat gristle.  Plus the taste is just as good as anything you will get for twice the price.It's crucial to make a reservation if going after 5pm, as the name implies, this is a small room.  However, because of this, the quality of service is second to none.  The owner and his family from Buenos Aires, Argentina will attend to your every need.  Each time I'll either start with a bottle of wine for the table, or have a Quilmes, a fantastic Argentine lager.  A small order of empanadas with shortly follow my drink order, I reccomend the chicken empanadas.  The chorizo is also a great starter.  For the main course, I usually get a ribeye, but I have also had strip and sirloin, and they are all great.  I don't usually drift away from the steak, but my wife has had other options and she never has had any complaints.  For dessert, the chocolate cake or tiramisu is enough for two, and a perfect cap to the evening.This place just screams good family times with the intimate environment, great service, and delicious wine selection.  My friends and family always look forward to our trips here.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,2/28/2014,63,174,3,6,4>Updating and upgrading this place based on the tuna tostadas...they were amazing.  Warm, crunchy, with the right amount of avocado, beans and sauce. Tuna was seared to perfection on the outside. Amazing flavor combinations, and now I can't wait to go back for dinner and drinks. The salmon salad continues to be delicious with an unusual combination of dried and fresh fruit, plus a lemon vinaigrette dressing. The bar is nice and swanky looking, and the waiter said they are getting packed in the weekends, so make a reservation!
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,2/27/2014,14,82,2,5,3>A hidden gem with tremendous food and service. When I asked for a recommendation on a beer, they had a beer sommelier complete with fancy moustache explain what he suggested for me. Their entrees are generously portioned and they have a bistro menu with sort of tapas that are much smaller but of equally high quality. I would recommend the Tornadoes as an entree and the Mesa Crab Stack as an appetizer.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,2/26/2014,0,3,2,5,3>We have been to Ripe several times and never been disappointed.  The food is always fresh, prepared to order, and delicious. Love their interesting flavor combinations and excellent prices.  I have never been to their brunch, but that is next on my list!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,2/22/2014,8,8,4,7,5>I'm a vegetarian so always appreciate when restaurants offer a little sumpin' sumpin' for me to try! This place offered more than one!   We got the Lima beam hummus which was scrumptilescent and I got the veg BBQ sammich which was also a mouthful of awesomeness. My husband was emitting several pleasure moans eating his crawfish Mac and cheese and bison burger. This place has an excellent wine and beer selection and the music was groovetastic as well. I'm only giving it 4 stars because it is uber small....probably can't be helped but that was my only beef with the place! Will definitely go back!!
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,2/21/2014,21,58,1,7,5>This was my second visit to Andale and I was quite satisfied with the service, quality of food and pricing. The lunch special included broth, entree and dessert for under 10 bucks. I ordered caldo de res with a flautas suizas plate (flautas covered with chile con queso, rice and beans on the side). The portion was generous and the food tasted great. The waitress was friendly and attentive but she seemed to be rushing us towards the end, even though they were not packed at the time of our visit. The manager stopped by our table and other patrons', which I think is a good sign of a good restaurant. The atmosphere is very authentic, and it's one of the few places that actually serves Mexican food instead of Americanized dishes. Will absolutely return and definitely recommend.(I did not give it five stars because of the waitress rushing us at the end).
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,2/20/2014,25,46,4,8,6>Love their new location! Very simply decorated! Service was a bit slow, but they were extremely busy so it's understandable. I ordered the Chipotle Shrimp Enchiladas and they were delicious! A bit spicy, but nothing I couldn't handle. They offer margaritas here too. I know the one they had on Mesa did not. Chips and salsa were fresh and tasty!
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,2/19/2014,180,631,1,9,3>I hadn't encountered Rosati's before, but it looks like they have quite a few locations throughout the country, and I'm always happy to see new national restaurants open in El Paso, it makes it more of a legitimate city.I was eager to try this place because I love Chicago Deep Dish pizza, and there aren't many places you can get it in El Paso, in fact only place I can think of is BJ's.  And that's exactly the best place to compare Rosati's to, its kind of like a more casual BJ's with a lot more TVs, and perhaps a little cheaper.Much to my dismay, they do not make personal pizzas here, luckily you can order by the slice off menu (if they have any).  The slice will be regular and not deep dish, sadly.  Still, a nice, soft, doughy, crust, with lots of cheese, and very spicy pepperoni.  A nice change of pace from chain pizzas and trendy thin crust gourmet ones.  They do make Chicago Deep Dish Pizza, as well as something they call "Double Dough," but you have to order a full pizza for them, not by the slice.  Their menu goes far beyond pizzas, however, offering plenty of sandwiches, pastas, calzones, wings, and even ribs.  Most of their non-pizza dishes are $10, I had the spaghetti meatballs, which isn't very adventurous, but I like to judge from the basics.  It was good, big portion, tasty meatballs, good sauce.  A very satisfying lunch.I really liked the atmosphere, there are LOTS of TVs, and big ones too, so this is definitely a great place to watch sports.  Staff is friendly and helpful, there's lots of tables and booths, a big bar, and the restrooms are in mint condition.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,2/18/2014,66,85,3,9,5>I'm so happy I found this place! I was getting desperate finding a good mexican restaurant & AT LAST I HAVE FOUND YOU!!!Pros:. AMAZING food . Great salsa. Great customer service. Unbeatable prices (2 full breakfast meals $14.00)Cons: . Super sketchy area.. at first my husband and I thought we were at the wrong place lol. . Tables can be small but not a problem for us since we are only two.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,2/17/2014,13,61,2,7,3>I have never been to the previous Sprouts market on N Mesa, but this location is really nice and clean. I don't know if the produce is always fresh, but I went a few days after the grand opening, and wow.  I recently acquired a juicer and I was always worried about finding fresh produce in El Paso, but this is the place to go. Everything was fairly priced, I'd even say some of the produce was below average costs compared to walmart, albertsons, and other grocery stores. I hope the prices stay that low. A lot of grocery stores don't sell certain produce items, but sprouts does. It was super packed when I went, and I supposed it will stay that way as long as they keep it looking this great.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,2/16/2014,175,175,6,8,7>Everything from food to alcohol to coffee, this place rocks. Seriously. I'll make this simple--- Food: brunch and dinner. The menu is pretty simple- 1 page of choices. I got the Tofu Poblano, which came with a side salad, and it was super delicious. The salad was fresh and the poblano pepper was perfectly spicy and went great with all the topped veggies. We also ordered the cheese plate which I definitely recommend. They also have a veggie panini and a turkey sandwich, and other egg scrambles. Drinks: You have GOT to try the green chili infused tequila Bloody Mary. OH MY. Party in my mouth (get your head out of the gutter, you nasty). They also have tomato and basil infused tequila Bloody Mary, which was also nomz. Coffee: I got the Cappuccino. They also have Latte, Americano, Macchiato, and Mocha. It's not like Starbucks, so don't expect a cup of sugar milk with whip cream. It's espresso, hot milk, and foam (cappuccino). Mmm, perfect cup of coffee, if you ask me. The place is super chill, the price is very reasonable, food/drinks are innovative and unique. I highly recommend this place!
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,2/15/2014,86,46,2,12,8>Everything about the Mustard Seed Cafe makes me so happy!  This cafe - open for lunch on Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays (12/11/2013) - is an pay as you can afford establishment.  IT'S SO COOL THAT WE HAVE OUR VERY OWN COMMUNITY CAFE HERE IN ELP!  The current location is in a church gymnasium which has been impressively furnished and decorated to feel homey, bright, and welcoming.  You can read more about their mission, etc. when you visit or on their website.  How this pay as you can afford thing works:There's a suggested donation for each menu item and you're welcome to pay as much as you can afford or leave extra as a donation. You can also volunteer to earn a meal token.I was lucky to attend their soft opening and sample almost everything from their first menu (there will be a creative new meal each week). The ingredients were fresh and  the chef explained that all ingredients are local if possible,  There were also vegan-friendly options.  Some dishes I sampled were a homemade mac 'n cheese, apricot and ricotta pizza (not my taste, but my friend liked this sweet twist on pizza), a fresh salad loaded with veggies (I had figs for the first time, yum!), pumpkin soup, and a spinach dish with bacon (my favorite).  I'm sad to say that I missed trying the vegan chili that the "meat-loving" waitor raved about.  Apologizes for not having the artistic ability to beautifully describe these dishes like the chef would be able to do!  You'll have to check this place out for yourself. The chef goes by Chef Roman and he was very welcoming when he stopped by our table.I highly suggest stopping by for lunch.  The Mustard Seed Cafe is a beautiful gift for El Paso, and a wonderful (& healthy) treat to your taste buds!!BITTERSWEET:The menu changes every week so if you love what you ordered.. you have three days (W-F) to enjoy.
