<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,11/25/2014,24,107,1,5,3>Stopped here last week when they opened in the afternoon. I am not a fan if donuts, or doughnuts if you don't like my nomenclature, but I love beer. So it's a small shop, with a quirky feel, but the service was friendly and fast. The Brewnuts were very good, I had the Boss Hog(Topped w bacon and made with a bourbon barrel beer), a glazed made with Dortmunder, one made with Hoppin Frog Boris Stout and it was topped with caramel and sea salt and another made with Rising Star Coffee. I think the Rising Star was my favorite but they were all good. Price is an issue, at least for me. But you can get a half dozen for 16 so it helps a bit. Marc Bona was there from the paper writing a story. In the story, he mentioned the shop eventually turning into a beer and bakery thing. That would be a winner. Will probably return.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2014,11/24/2014,15,41,4,5,6>The Rustic was a standby for my grandparents. "Was" because my grandparents passed away, but that doesn't mean I can't keep the tradition going in the family. The interior is just perfect to me. After seeing so many 50s theme diners, it's nice to see a diner that encaptures kitsch interior with cabin exterior. If anything, I wish Rocky River had more Rustics and the Woods than being saturated with chain restaurants. Aside from that, you enter the Rustic as though you are entering a roadhouse. There are doors everywhere and you have to figure out which door to choose that leads you to the dining area. Waitresses welcome you, sporting shorts, which were probably risque back in when the diner first opened, but now I'd think of it as sophisticated sex appeal. Dare not equate this with a Tilted Kilt, that would be sacrilege. There is wood everywhere, not only wood panels but logs as well from the cabin design. Tableside lamps make your dining experience a bit more serene. Menu consists of classic standbys such as burgers, meat sandwiches, melts, as well as sides done right such as onion rings, "sweet" fries (sweet potato fries), and fried zucchini. The specials always have standouts. My friend ordered the chicken pot pie, while I ordered fried mushrooms, onion rings - beer battered!!, and a slice of home baked peach pie. Prices are a bit more expensive than other diners for dinner, but the atmosphere pays you back. Onion rings are superior to any other in the area. Super crisp and the batter isn't all crumbly. The chicken pot pie is in a pie tin, unlike other restaurants which serve it in a skillet. He finished his pot pie within minutes and wanted to order another even though he was stuffed. Peach pie had fresh peaches, not canned. $2.99 for a slice, which is cheaper than usual.I hope the Rustic stays around for decades more, so I too can follow my grandparents' footsteps and become a regular here when I am 73.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,11/23/2014,68,481,1,4,3>I am a little obsessed with ice cream as of late and this is truly a treat. Upon walking in this place, you're immediately met with a clean space, somewhat industrial/bare, and decorated in local art. The employees are all friendly and excited about their jobs, which is refreshing--they even give good recommendations and are wonderful at just the right amount of chit chat. During my first visit, I got the suggested combo, "Kristina" and while the Nutella was a great addition to the balsamic strawberry, it was completely unnecessary. I'll be getting that strawberry ice cream alone next time. The second time, I got caramelized banana, which was also light, fruity, and delicious. My husband got the mint, which tasted like eating a refreshing mint leaf with cool cream. The flavors in these ice creams aren't really weighed down by excessive sugar or artificial ingredients. Everything tastes fresh and truly refreshing, rather than feeling heavy and regretful. Bonus: it's probably THE CREAMIEST ice cream I've ever had. And, let's not forget the show of it all! Seeing your ice cream start off as a liquid and "magically" come back to you as a creamy dessert is fun and I can imagine taking kids here is super exciting for them. Only complaints: I can't fit visits in my budget very often--this is, like I said, a treat in all ways. Also, the signage inside is a little hard to read. I like the idea--it seems like they're using dry erase so they can include the rotation of flavors, but the patterns behind the writing just make me dizzy.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2014,11/22/2014,9,47,1,5,4>Finally! A casual laid back bar in the Ohio City area that isn't on W 25th. I am so happy that they are building up Hingetown. I wish this area existed when I lived in Ohio City a few years ago. I loved the vibe of this bar. The decor fits perfectly with the music theme. The draft list is awesome and what they don't have on draft will mostly be made up by their bottle selection. I ordered the 5Rabbit Agave beer- I can't find this beer anywhere else in Cleveland. With each draft I ordered I also received a token to pick a song from the Jukebox. This bar isn't a place to come if you want a sit down meal. They only offer pierogies and popcorn. I ordered the Spicy Chicken- Black Bean- Cheddar and Onion pierogies with the siracha sour cream and regular sour cream and found them to be delicious! The spice level was perfect.Our waitress was great too! She was attentive to our table as well as being very prompt. I recommend this place to anyone who wants a fun bar but doesn't want to deal with the craziness of W 25th.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,11/21/2014,22,18,6,8,6>I love this store. It's very Mexico. Hot bar prepared food section is a must!! Real tacos. One of the only places you can pay a telephone bill ,get a taco,do some grocery shopping and go to buy a statue of the Virgin Mary or buy/pawn gold. Fun staff. Clean.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,11/20/2014,70,153,3,5,3>Finally got to try this place and was satisfied overall.  We ordered two items from both the sweet and savory menus. They brought everything out at once, so we ended up having to eat the sweet stuff first or else the waffles would get soggy. Probably not a good decision for our appetite, but we still smashed. In retrospect, maybe we should've requested the sweet to be brought out later...RED VELVET WAFFLE with Mason's Creamery's ice cream: The ice cream was the highlight. The waffle? Eh. I'm REALLY big on waffle texture. It's gotta be crisp on the outside and light and moist on the inside. This was more of a cake texture. Soft and thick. It was ok I guess, but would not get again.GRAHAM CRACKER WAFFLE: basically a s'mores waffle. Texture was the same for this one, and the waffle didn't have any flavor. The toppings were good, but the waffle disappointed and I don't know if I would get it again.DEVILED BENEDICT - Deviled eggs on smoked salmon on mixed greens on a toasted baguette: AMAZING. Probably one of the best breakfast dishes Cleveland has to offer. The salmon (aka gravlax) was amazeballs. I would come back every time for this, although it is the most expensive thing on the menu ($14).SHRIMP AND GRITS - Very good. There was a garlicky-buttery flavor that was a little overpowering in the sauce, but I thoroughly enjoyed this dish.So despite the less-than-stellar experience with the waffles, I really, really liked the rest of our food, and I'll definitely be back. I think they could do really well if they highlighted and expanded their savory menu and put the sweet stuff in the backseat.Oh, and I read that their "banh mi" made top breakfast sandwich in America or something, which is impressive, but the Asian in me couldn't bring myself to order it when it has very little in common with the traditional banh mi. I feel like they just called it banh mi because banh mi is popular these days, but anyway...
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,11/19/2014,48,84,2,4,3>Ambiance: 4. Lucky's is nestled in a quaint, quiet part of Cleveland's Tremont neighborhood.  Inside is small and intimate with approximately a dozen table's total, but not very memorable.  However, their outside patio hosts several picnic tables, adjacent to their in-season garden. Win.Cost: 2. Having most ingredients from scratch or local apparently equates to being able to charge more than most other Cleveland breakfast places. Hard to come here and NOT get at least a breakfast beverage or two, pastries, plus an entrée. So you're looking at ~$20 a head for breakfast/brunch.Food Quality: 5. I've tried two-thirds+ of their standard brunch menu and some specials, can honestly say everything is great. For sweet, the waffles, oatmeal, and pecan bacon top the list without question. Oatmeal- incredible upgrade from the standard, essentially feels like crème brulee plus a side of baked eggs. Savory, the biscuits as others mention are indeed incredible, but not for everyone. Breakfast Burritos and Shipwreck for those preferring more "standard" breakfast affair while remaining awesome choices. Mac N' Cheese and Reuben are good but both very heavy options, so consider yourself warned of a likely food coma. Drinks also top notch with attention to detail across smoothies, coffees/teas, and sodas.Service: 5. Service is always prompt and courteous. Long wait times tend to go fast.  No waiting for your check either- each table can pay at counter when ready, saving table turnover time.When to return: Showing off the best of Cleveland's brunch choices. Summertime to sit on the patio. Winter for a warm coffee beverage and pastry's. Small-to-medium-sized groups (large parties may struggle here aside from outside picnic benches).
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2014,11/18/2014,442,1404,3,5,5>Gotta give it 5 stars...well deserved... Nice to see brunch given proper respect in terms of decor and service and not some slapdash treatment. First off they open at 10:30am on Sunday but they don't start serving alcohol until 11am... Zoinks.  The food... Incredible. My crab cake Benedict was delicious with a capital D.  Side of maple glazed bacon...yum.  The carbonara frittata is same pasta as next door at Dante which is amazing.  Roti potatoes are fab. Tiger Shrimp and polenta was rich and tasty.  Cocktails hit the spot.  Service was every bit as good as Dante.  Fantastic Brunch experience.  My eat and drink before tax and tip?  $34.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2014,11/16/2014,146,412,1,5,6>Great variation of a local coffee and tea bar that roasts their own beans. This review is mostly about the tea + pastries -- I'm growing more sensitive to coffee as I get older. Sigh. I've been coming here for a few weeks and forming my opinion. Phoenix is located on floor 1.5/2 of the old West Side Community House, which has since moved further west. It's three blocks from W 25th, 2 from the library/Momocho/Le Petit. The building itself is great stock but has been fallow for several years. A developer recently invested in it and the WSCH is currently being transformed into rental units! So great to see these great buildings be rehabbed.About the space... they have two patios - one out front that is on a raised platform via stair (must be from the 70s, ha) and another in the back. Great for summer and fall days. The inside is pretty clean/trendy/modern. They have a few outlets if you want to stay and bring your portable electronics. About the tea... This is definitely different than the Phoenix I'm used to, which is the location on Coventry. That location has your $1.75-2 teas and coffees and mixed drinks. This definitely has more tailored and refined preparation techniques ("third wave coffee") with single cup pour over and brewed tea (Cleveland Tea Revival leaves.) Expect to pay $3.50-4 per cup. I went when it first opened and I got a green tea in a single small cup, but it wasn't quite brewed strongly enough (gotta have my Asian teas strong! that almost bitter taste. No sugar/honey/cream either), so the next time I went I asked for a stronger brew. The barista offered to save my leaves for a 2nd cup brew, which is definitely much better value. Unique finds... They also have some unique teas like the hops infused iced tea. Got it once to treat myself. As for the pastries... pretty good, all local bakeries. They also carry the local hemp coconut bars that are ubiquitous to all Phoenix locations. After many years of wondering, I finally tried it and it was pretty good.As for the overall atmosphere, the baristas are friendly, and it's a place you can go to stay for a while. There's something about it that makes me feel uncomfortable. Ohio City has been on the gentrification train for many decades now, and that train is not stopping. I have a few more thoughts on this but I will spare the social commentary. I have to say that as a consumer, I'm happy that Phoenix is here - totally walkable for Ohio City residents and a great option, and they do a great job at coffee/tea.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2014,11/15/2014,107,77,2,5,4>I'm not very familiar with Columbian & Salvadorian cuisine but after seeing all the wonderful reviews on yelp about this place, I knew I had to check this place out.I'm so happy that I did, the food was great! My boyfriend got the arepas filled with steak & it was so tasty. The arepas was STUFFED with steak, cheese, peppers, & onions. It also came with fries & those fries were some of the best fries I've ever had.I ordered all 3 of the different empanadas (cheese, pork, & beef). All 3 were stuffed with feeling. My favorite was the cheese. I also got the pupusas filled with pork & that was pretty good as well. The meal was so affordable, we couldn't believe how inexpensive everything was. The customer service was great too, the waiter was very attentive!This place is definitely a hidden gem in Fairview Park. This place should be packed! There is no doubt that I'll be back again...and again.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2014,11/14/2014,128,99,4,5,4>I started going to TJ's after a few recommendations from Lakewood neighbors and friends who grew up around the neighborhood. TJ's comes through every single time whenever I need a certain cut of meat. Pork shoulder for tacos, short ribs for Korean BBQ, steaks for grilling, and really really good bacon. The polish sausages is amazing and their meatloaf is fantastic. They're always willing to help you and answer any question about anything. If you have a general idea for a dish, they'll have good recommendations as well. Helped me out a bunch. My favorite thing about TJ's is the sandwiches. I tried them all. It's tough ordering a sandwich at TJ's since it's all really f-ing good. Try them all. Corn Beef, Pastrami, The Italian, Butchers Blend, Philadelphia, Meatloaf, Chicago, and the Rueben. TJ's is a Lakewood hit!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,11/13/2014,263,228,6,11,9>vegans everywherehard pressed juice and cashew milki kinda like itWestside Market aside, Ohio City is becoming quite the hotbed of edible and drinkable goodies.  Here's another new kid in the hood, and what a cute and sparkly shop it is.  Pricey some people say, but you get what you pay for, and they do have rent to pay. And utilities. And insurance. And packaging. And equipment. And organic product... So, get over it. Great juice flavor combos, salads, and some crazy vegan sandwiches with stuff like smoked coconut as opposed to tempeh (blerg) and tasteless tofu.  Carry on..
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,11/12/2014,353,269,2,7,6>I grew up in Warren, Oh with the best places, IMO, for pizza. I have found some pizza here and there that are ok, but probably my favorite is the taco pizza from East of Chicago. I love their crust so any pizza would be great. Here's where it gets even better- their service. I called to order the specialty taco and a pepperoni for my sons bday party. The guy gave me crazy coupons to apply to my order. When I got there, he have me cups, plates & napkins so we can eat at the park. The finale is that this location offers Velvet ice cream. We did in impulse buy and bought Buckeye- 56 oz for $4.99. Here's where they get carried away- they deliver ice cream! Who doesn't like that? All around easy, pleasant & delicious!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2014,11/11/2014,34,40,,4,4>This review is for their Malt Shake and friendly service.  The girl at the counter was very patient with my questions (What is an Egg Crème? What is the difference between a Malt and a shake? What is your specialty? What would you suggest?) At that point, she suggested the Malt Shake which was absolutely delicious!  I have never been to an old fashioned-style soda fountain and her patience and kindness made me feel less awkward.  If you have never had a malt shake and you are curious, please take a chance and travel to Vermilion for an awesome and delicious experience.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2014,11/10/2014,110,405,8,4,4>Terrific food and service. Waited like no minutes during a Browns game to get a boatload of food. Love the location in Kamm's. That Cheapotle across the street is an abomination. Should war ever break out between the two, I would strap on my coon skin cap and defend Si Senor like Davy Crockett at the Alamo. Chips were particularly crisp and light. Beef in chimichanga was tender and melted in my mouth. A can't miss.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,11/9/2014,1472,160,4,7,6>Awesome beers and I love the outdoor patio space here. Every time I've been here it's always super crowded and you can barely get a table. If you go in the basement it is first come first serve but that's usually all filled up. The food here is really good and they have a great menu to choose from. Everything I've tried here is so yummy. You can't go wrong with trying any of their beers on draft. Another great thing about Great Lakes is taking the fatty wagon to the Indian's games. It drops you off right in front of Progressive Field, aka the Jake. Last time I was on it it was only $1 to get a ride, and it's a lot of fun!!It's also in a great location with so many other places in walking distance. I'm so happy Cleveland has a place like this. :)
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2014,11/8/2014,79,298,1,5,5>I've been meaning to check this place out for a while. We stopped in the other night for some guacamole. The atmosphere was awesome, fun music and enthusiastic staff!! Instead of chips the guac comes with fried plantains. I loved the plantains and would rather eat them plain! After leaving we knew we had to come back to try actual meals. Fast forward to the next day (seriously, we were that excited to go back). The same awesome employees greeted us. We tried the split chicken meal with rice and beans ( it reminded me of the Latin food I used to live off of in NYC) and the grilled chicken salad wrap. The wrap envied the size of a chipotle burrito! We also tried a beef empanada and it was a standout. All that for under $20 with servings that are guaranteed to turn into leftovers. Eat in their bright dining area or take your food to the nearby park. This is the kind of local joint I have no problem giving my $$ to!
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,11/7/2014,129,81,1,6,5>What a pleasant surprise. After a day full of bike riding and a Sunday, boyfriend wants/needs ice cream. Our beloved local stop is closed on Sundays so on to Yelp to find a back-up. Sweet Moses is that place I kept telling myself I would try soon... Here was my chance.Everyone was super helpful in explaining the menu. We get the Turtle Sundae and the Shoreway Sundae. Oh my. HUGE!!! It took my better half no time to polish off his masterpiece while I got a to-go for my extra. We also found cashew brittle to take home which barely lasted 24 hours.A beautiful, nostalgic, blast from the past soda fountain shop is the perfect stop on a summer night. Milk Shakes, malts, ice cream, vegan, whip cream, build your own, gummies, caramel apples, brownies, etc. etc. etc., you could go on and on, all with a cherry on top. Can't wait to try more of the menu soon!
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,11/6/2014,82,418,2,3,4>Longtime fan of Ms Julie's amazing waffles... they are a Howe Meadow Farmer's Market institution.  Getting to the store is tough for us... but I braved the highway trek and was rewarded with some awesome food.Salad Bar - great selection, super fresh, homemade Black Raspberry dressing!Potato Salad - super creamy and lots of pickle with potatoes cooked just right for both a creamy exterior and a firm interior. Rhubarb Salsa - just the right bit of everything... heat... sour... sweet... textureBrownie - the only low light... not my style... plenty chocolaty but did not like the texture.Strawberry ~Rhubarb ~ Apple Crisp - sooo much fruity goodness.... nice crisp toppingParking is rough... the interior makes up for the exterior... either at the market or at the store a great source of great food!
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,11/5/2014,144,144,4,6,6>This is a new restaurant, just opened. My coworker told me about this place as she frequents their other location on the east side somewhere. This is a soul food, seafood restaurant. They use fresh fish here, which is proudly on display in a glass cooler. I loved this, no mystery as to what you're about to eat. Now this is a tiny location, couple of little bistro tables to sit at. I would definitely say this is a take out destination though. So I tried a bunch of menu items because I opted to share with people. Almost everything on the menu is $6 at lunch. It includes fries, cole slaw and two slices of bread. I tried the 4 piece chicken wings, the ocean perch (2pc at lunch), the catfish and the breaded shrimp. I even went back for the mahi mahi taco's. Two flour tortilla taco's with pico, slaw, some fries and taco sauce. This was great, probably my favorite menu item thus far. Everything was good though, some things better than others. My favorites were probably the shrimp, the taco's and the catfish. They use this great seasoning on everything (I beleive), the fries and meat included. It really added a lot to the fries and made them super yummy. The cole slaw was declicious. I like how they include a side of hot sauce in every order. Just make sure to ask for ketchup and tartar sauce packets because those don't come in the box. The cocktail sauce was doctored up and it was really special. All in all, great location, great staff and food. A+
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2014,11/4/2014,10,190,3,4,4>All I can say is it's about damn time Stow finally has a REALLY good Asian themed restaurant in the area!!! For just $2.00 I got a giant bowl of won ton soup (enough to share, easily) which trumps everyone else. The broth was delicious on it's own but the meat inside tasted fresh & had a slight hint of soy sauce that was lick your bowl clean awesomeness! I also tried the clear soup broth, it offered a surprisingly good smokiness that I have yet to taste elsewhere. This was followed by the coconut chicken- although it was not exactly what I had expected it was NOT a disappointment. Each bite was tender & juicy, the sauce was prepared just right (not too thick or overpowering nor bland like other places). It too was another large portion, for just $10.00 it could easily feed two people. It also came with steamed rice and veggies. My husband ordered three different types of sushi and was smiling ear to ear. Our server, who was attentive, polite and adorable- even offered Chris a new sushi roll (for free) that might be on the menu in the near future. He is not a fan of cooked sushi but said the combination of spicy tuna, salmon & cucumber with two different types of sauces was better than any other restaurants cooked sushi! I can't wait to go back & try the sweet & sour chicken!
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2014,11/3/2014,152,102,4,6,5>Fresh, local produce for the win! There's a large variety of produce. Tomatoes, peppers, garlic, melons and so on. The honey rock melon is A MUST. It is so sweet and juicy...YUM! The prices are reasonable. $11 for a huge basket full of tomatoes? UH DUH! In the summer, they have peaches, nectarines, watermelon, etc. Unfortunately, I haven't made a trip down here in the fall so I am not sure of the type of produce that they sell. The sweet corn is a must buy! Trust me on this, you will not be disappointed! It also doesn't hurt that the ladies that work here are extremely nice as well! I really enjoy coming to Red Wagon and supporting the local produce places!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,11/2/2014,28,58,3,4,3>How awesome is this place?!?! I lived just down the street for four years and just so happened to stumble in around valentine's day to see what it was about. Of course, considering the upcoming holiday, it was pretty busy, but not bad. All the girls working there were so nice. When I told one of them that was behind the counter that it was my first time stopping in, she got super excited and asked me what I would like to sample. They have SO MANY different things that it was a little overwhelming to choose, so she gave me what was her favorite--some kind of chocolate covered peanut butter thing. So of course it was fabulous. You can get different sized boxes and mix and match different chocolate covered wonderfulness, and they also have boxes already made up that give you a little bit of everything. They make up so many different kinds of..I don't even know what to call them. They have high heel shoes made out of chocolate. Chocolate that looks like lipstick. Stuff with Cleveland on it. If you're looking for something sweet to give someone, this is definitely the place to go to wow them. Unbelievable.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2014,11/1/2014,134,169,3,4,3>I love thin crust pizza- NY style pizza- and honestly the closest I've seen here is probably Vincenzas. PW suggested if I truly loved NY style to give Marotta's a shot. sooooo about a year later, i finally did!! I ordered carryout so I can't comment on the service, but as far as the pizza goes, it was damn good pizza.Was it thin enough for me to be satisfied that it was that "crispy, crunches when you take a bite out of it" crust? No, absolutely not. Pretty chewy and thicker than I would like. But, was the sauce delicious and did the pizza overall do it for me? Yes and Yes. I agree with PW in that I will likely ask for it well done the next time I go to see if it helps make it a bit crispier, but more than being a NY style pizza fan, I am a PIZZA fan and this was good pizza. And for $10 for a "small" pie of 6 generous slices of cheese pizza, I'd say it's worth it.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,10/31/2014,36,140,1,6,4>This place is doggie heaven.  I bring my dogs hare for daycare and extended stays.  Daycare usually happens when they got way too much energy and a trip to the dog park or a long walk just wont do.  After a trip to the Hutt, they sleep for a couple days.  I'm positive they always have fun.  The dogs get excited when I ask them if they want to go to the Mutt Hutt and they get super wound up the minute we pull in.  They can't get in the door fast enough.  I'm also 100% confident that my dogs get the best care possible.  One of my dogs was abused by her previous owners.  When she falls back on her old coping techniques from the past, we know something's wrong and I've had problems with other places handling her bad times in the past.  After one of our cats passed and I also started working from home, the change in environment put some stress on her and she struggled in day care--she fell back on her old coping techniques.  The "pack leaders" saw this right away, called me, and we worked out a plan to rehab my dog's social skills.  A couple weeks later, and thanks to the Hutt's awesome staff, she was back to her happy self.  Overnight stays also seem to be stress free for my dogs.  It's a cage-free environment, which is very important as my previously abused dog cannot do cages (she was kept in a cage for the bulk of the time, daily).  It's a great experience that my dogs seem to love.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,10/30/2014,98,48,1,4,3>They have great selections of craft beers here, and I love their table fries! It comes with three different dipping sauces and cooked with whole cloves of garlic and fresh rosemary. I love the garlic, but prepare to be a human repellent for a couple days because it will be seeping out of your pores!There is a pool table on the first floor that is coin-operated and a large basement, where events and bands play at. They used to offer a DJ with great music in the basement, but they ended that a couple years ago. I heard that it was due to the crowd rowdiness. Sad... Because it was the only "dance" type venue in Ohio City aside from the Touch Supper Club last Saturday of the month hip hop night.I had my graduation party here a few years back, and they are very accommodating! They gave us the entire back room area, and everyone had a good time with great service and delicious bites! I have attended several events in the basement, and they typically serve a variety of pizzas, table fries and the antipasto meat and cheese platter. Everything has always been delicious from here!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2014,10/29/2014,2,19,1,6,4>Wow. My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place on Yelp while searching for some decent barbeque. The place itself is small, but you are immediately hit with wonderful smells of something amazing happening in the kitchen. We were super hungry, so we ordered wings to start- carolina mustard vinegar sauce- DELICIOUS. The sauce was soooo flavorful with just the right amount of kick.For dinner, I got the "Philly not-so-cheese steak", made with beef brisket and it was incredible. Covered in melted cheese sauce and peppers. I also opted to try the greens rather than the fries it came with and I'm really glad I did. They were amazing as well. A little spicy but super flavorful. My boyfriend got the brisket with spicy barbeque sauce (which he said was also very good), and I tried his mac&cheese and it was delicious as well. Definitive gouda flavor....yummmm. We both ate so much we were uncomfortably full and still wanted to keep eating. Will definitely be back!!
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2014,10/28/2014,167,334,4,6,4>Yeager Jewelers is in a nice little plaza in Westlake.  If you're stopping at the newly-opened Fleet Feet in the same plaza, pop over to Yeager and take a gander.This is not a pretentious jewelry store, but feels fancy as soon as your walk in.  There is a wide-variety of higher-end jewelry purchases to more moderate items.  If you're like me, and you appreciate nice things, I think you'll be sure to find something worth looking at in Yeager.  I'm not one who would even think twice about setting foot into a Kay, Rogers, or Jared's jewelry store.  I cannot stand the items these "big-box" stores or the people who work there.  I don't want to wear something that every yahoo on the street does; I prefer items that are more unique and unusual.Yeager offers a variety of unique items with more classic styles as well as new trends in jewelry.  I've made several purchases in the past few months, some for gifts and some for myself.  The employees are always kind and helpful, not pushy.  They don't try to "up-sell" you either.  I appreciate that I can come in, look around, and not feel pressured to buy something, and quite honestly, that makes me want to return again.I'll continue to return to Yeager to peruse and purchase.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,10/27/2014,89,182,6,2,2>This place was fun. A place to dance with a very low DB factor.  Stiff drinks no pun intended. Restroom conversations were very different.Good music, a little on the euro side. Did not have to worry much about the girl or her mom. I kind of thought this may be a gay bar ,just saying.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,10/26/2014,17,58,3,5,3>Finding good pizza in Cleveland has proven to be something of a challenge. I moved here from NYC, my boyfriend moved from Chicago, so we have a pretty high standard of what pizza should taste like.Disclaimer: We only tried the traditional pizza with traditional sauce; we have yet to try to deep dish.We started with side salads, me grilled chicken pecan with balsamic vinaigrette and he with ceasar salad. His was okay, traditional caesar sald and dressing. My salad was incredible! It is made with: Spinach-Romaine Mix, Grilled Chicken, Sweet Glazed Pecans, Red Onion, Roma Tomato. Let me first start by saying they did not skimp out on any of the toppings. It almost felt like a full salad rather than a side dish. The candied pecans were amazing and so many of them too.After the salads we shared a large pepperoni pizza. The crust was a perfect thinness with a enough crunch on the outside but still had a soft chewy center. The only issue I had with the crust was that I think when you hold up a slice of pizza and eat it with one hand (especially one as small as these pieces were) it should be able to stay up. However, with this pizza crust, as it went toward the center of the pie it got very greasy and droopy.  I can only guess they must cook it on the pan that it's served in rather than placing directly on the oven surface.When you are choosing your pizza you have the option to select between several types of sauce and toppings. We chose a simple traditional sauce and pepperoni. The sauce was very good and there was an ample amount of pepperoni, enough for every slice.My biggest issues with the pizza was the droop factor and the size of the pizza. We ordered a large since it has 8 slices thinking there would be plenty to eat later that night after going out. But the pie was more like a small than a large. The 8 slices were still there, just very small slices.Overall, this is definitely one of the better pizza places I have experienced in Cleveland and will definitely be back here again.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,10/25/2014,71,29,2,6,5>I lived in Miami before coming to Cleveland and thank god for this place. Cuban sandwich and sweet plantains and I'm in heaven. The prices are criminally cheap and a small sandwich was enough for lunch and dinner for me. The staff is super friendly too. I can't wait to come back and try everything!
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,10/24/2014,99,92,2,6,3>as with most reviews, i start out with the caveat of, i'm vegetarian. however, this time i really don't have to. which is kinda even more amazing since this is a french restaurant. french food is not known to be vegetarian friendly. in fact, quite the opposite.i asked the waiter like a million questions about the menu. he was helpful and patient, as i changed my mind three times.i wanted to try everything on the menu that was vegetarian but given that i had to stay within some sort of reasonable budget, i went for an appetizer and a side, the "french toast" and the crispy breaded cauliflower. wow they were both super tasty. the french toast, i can't even describe the flavors in my mouth. it was light and fluffy, with balsamic drizzle, mushroom ragout and buttery sauce. it just melts in your mouth. the cauliflower, cripsy and breaded is pretty self descriptive.my friend had the mussels. she said they were good.i really never go to these fancy places. the most i can stomach to pay for a meal is 30/person. if i were to dine as usual without regard for the prices, this would have been easily a 50/person sort of place for me. or more. i have a feeling i'll be back though, but probably on a special occasion.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,10/23/2014,68,50,2,5,3>Fantastic, smooth mint Oreo frozen custard, with the friendliest of service. Check out the ancient cash register and the charming old signs. They do take credit!I'm used to frozen custard offering maybe six flavors, not twenty. I wanted to taste them all!The salted caramel was verrry salty, though.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,10/22/2014,35,55,4,4,3>Great Happy Hour spot! All their drafts are $2 until 9pm on weekdays with terrific offerings that include Blue Moon, Stella Artois, New Belgium Fat Tire, Great Lakes, etc. They also have $1 Coors Light bottles during all Tribe games.Come in on Wednesdays for $1 beef tacos and you have yourself a nice little evening. My only complaint is the low amount of seating so it can be difficult at times to get a booth or table.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,10/21/2014,7,37,4,8,7>This place is awesome!  If your familiar w/Melts in Lakewood, well, I'm not a fan of that place, but this place, helz yeah!   They have at least 20 different sandwiches to choose from (give yourself time to read through them! So hard to choose!!)Each is given a celebrity name.  They really pay attention to the taste of the sandwich and don't just throw a bunch of crap together.   Each sandwich had the perfect balance of taste!  Not to cheesy even when there is a couple different cheeses on a sandwich.  We had the Josh Cribs, Thurman Munson & Arsenio Hall.  ALL awesome! The tomato basil soup is good too.  It has a peppery kick.  Looking forward to coming back to try other sandwiches!!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2014,10/20/2014,49,73,2,8,6>I went to The Cleveland Museum of Art most recently for the Mix Yelp event and it made me love the CMA even more. The atrium was filled with people of all ages (it was great to see so many young people there, which makes me feel old). Folks were dressed up and looking well. It was a perfectly warm evening, so there were plenty of people walking around the grounds and enjoying the night. There was dancing and activities. Provenance was debuting some menu items and we were able to sample some of their delicious offerings. The Friday MIX event was really nice and I plan to go to future MIX events (first Friday of the month, I believe).The CMA is really fantastic. There's no admission fee, which is amazing considering the wealth and variety of art they have for you to see. They have a coat check which is SO nice so you don't have to lug your jacket or umbrella around with you. The atrium is really spectacular.  The museum itself, decor, etc. and grounds are all rather impressive. Every time I visit the CMA I ask myself why I don't come more often (see: general laziness). It's such an enjoyable way to spend an afternoon, particularly a rainy or cold one. CMA offers a variety of art classes for children and adults. I REALLY want to take a class there. They have tours (including stroller tours for those with little ones) as well.  You can get a bite to eat or some coffee at the Provenance Cafe and eat at one of the tables in the atrium, or opt for a sit down meal at Provenance. No gum chewing in the museum. Unless you can find a metered parking spot on the street, you might have to pay to park in the adjacent parking garage. The Cleveland Art Museum is really a gem.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,10/19/2014,49,27,3,7,7>Yesterday afternoon was one of the first beautiful afternoons of this summer and I took full advantage coming here. It was a breezy 70 out, and Rocky River Reservation was the perfect place to be.The hiking trails were extremely well marked. I hiked here with a couple of friends and we had an absolute blast exploring the woods and wading in the river. Everyone and their families coming here seemed to be enjoying themselves, and rightfully so. There were beautiful green grassy fields, geese splashing about in the river, a steep hill that lead to a beautiful view, and families enjoying picnics on the benches. Everything was clean and appeared taken care of. If you have a free afternoon, I 100% recommend this quaint little area!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2014,10/18/2014,46,454,11,10,10>Killer beer selection.  Unlike what elietist dicks from more affluent cities think, Parma has much culture and this further deepens my point.  This place stocks everything from the overnight beer enthusiast Ballast Point Triple to the wife beater beers such as Bud Lt and even boxed wine for the suburban mom.  Guys running the place are SUPER knowledgeable and are eager to show you something new based on your likes.  All this place needs is some Buttermilk Bottom bootleg DVDs and it would be a one stop oasis!
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,10/17/2014,82,84,1,6,5>I want to start off by saying that I usually don't care for falafels; they tend to be dry and lacking of any bold flavors. This was not the case for the falafels here. I had the falafel & hummus wrap and it was absolutely delicious. The giveaway would be the line of people waiting for their orders. The lady cashier was not very warm, which is not unusual when the place is this popular. I got the regular while my friend got the jumbo. It didn't look to me like there was a very big difference in the sizes. But that aside, I was super excited to have found a falafel place this delicious! Will definitely return
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,10/16/2014,14,54,7,10,8>My husband and I were greeted warmly by two women as we walked in yesterday afternoon. We saw a handwritten sign that that it was cash only (maybe their machine was down?) so we went across the street to the liquor store to withdrawal some cash.Came back, sat down and we ordered quite a bit of food. Fusion Rolls, cornbread, mac n cheese, polish boy, and a BBQ chicken wrap.They didn't have soda or any other drink except water. The nice lady offered to go across the street to get me some soda but I declined and drank iced water.The Fusion Rolls came out first AND LET ME TELL YOU... why am I yelling? Oh yeah, because they were DELICIOUS!!! I mean, out of this world good. Never had anything like it and would recommend them to any and everybody. They look like big fried egg rolls with chicken, collard greens, black beans, corn, bell peppers, and Asiago cheese in them. My husband doesn't even like beans or greens and he LOVED these. And the sauce. THE sauce. THE SAUCE THOUGH!? As Uncle Jessie would say, "Have Mercy!" To me, the Fusion Rolls were the highlight. Everything else was pretty good. The polish boy was more of a bit of coleslaw with fries and A LOT of BBQ dumped on top. Wasn't a total fan of the ensemble but it was still good. The mac n cheese... WHY LORD MUST I STILL BE ON MY SEARCH!? I've been searching for the A+ bomb diggity (ew, why did I just write that? the 90's are calling) mac n cheese and I have YET to find it. The mac n cheese, once again, needed some stank on it. Season it up, use more cheese, use different cheeses, something! Come on Cleveland! Someone has to make really good mac n cheese and I WILL find them.Anyway, the cornbread looked really cool (looked like pancakes) and they had green peppers and corn in it. It was pretty good even though I was expecting it to be a bit sweet, which it wasn't. At all. No biggie but I prefer my cornbread slightly sweet. My husband's wrap was pretty good as well with A LOT of sauce. So much, he had to use his fries to sop up the excess BBQ sauce. He didn't complain though.I'd give Southern Fusion Restaurant a solid B! Great service, super delicious rolls and pretty good food. I'll be back, if only for those to die for Fusion Rolls!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,10/15/2014,95,107,1,4,5>I just moved to the area and spotted this place on my way to work. I am a farm market fiend so I had to check it out! Cute little garden center/fruit and veggie stand that has been in the area for 50 years! The plants looked beautiful and well cared for. Nice selection of fruits and veggies with some local produce thrown in the mix. Plus, I got a dozen of local, free range eggs for 2.70, what a deal! The guys were super nice and helpful too. If you're in the area, check it out!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,10/14/2014,53,86,4,10,4>I hate doing laundry. ABSOLUTELY HATE it and I hate the fact that my apartment complex only has 1 over priced small washing machine and 1 dryer. I wait until I have a huge laundry pile and then lug all of it to the laundromat. Katie's is super clean and in a nice neighborhood. The customer service is great with a nice and super friendly staff that are always willing to help with anything you need and there is free wi fi. I can leave my stuff for a short time and go to a nearby store and I feel absolutely ok doing that here.  I've  been here a couple times during busy times and even then I could still get my laundry done without fighting to get a washer. Really great laundromat!
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2014,10/13/2014,86,287,6,6,5>Sometimes ambiance really adds to one's enjoyment of a place. Sure, you can get the BEST TACOS EVER at some dive that smells like wet socks, but isn't the point of going out for drinks/dinner to get a little somethin' that you can't get at home? I mean, I can get that wet sock smell at home while eating cold canned ravioli.Aaaaanyway, the ambiance of Town Hall is fantastic. A few family members from out of town suggested this place (mainly due to their large vegan selection), and I ended up being crazy happy about the choice. Sure, the beautiful Friday afternoon in bustling Ohio City added a ton to my positive feelings about this place. Would I have still loved my burger and beer if I had been here during a Polar Vortex? Sure, but a lovely summer day on the patio added so much to the experience. But everybody in our (somewhat picky) group, from grandma to grandchild, loved their meals. And the service was great. I will definitely be back, probably so I can drink good beer at the long-ass bar without my family thinking I'm an alcoholic.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,10/12/2014,12,37,4,3,4>Mitch watches out for the neighborhood. Whether it's the tire pressure in kids' bike tires or finding work for neighborhood yard workers or chatting with passers by - all while ostensibly working on your bike.His prices are reasonable. Bring cash.My old bike was recently stolen and I went to several bike shops that sell used and new bikes to look for a new one. Mitch understood how I like to ride and my lowish price preference for what I wanted. I ended up buying a bike he recommended from an online retailers and then paid to have him put it together while I watched and assisted a bit.The bike is in great shape and I learned plenty about nuances of bike construction. As well as all about corrupt Cleveland politicians.Mitch has a wacky sense of humor and wackier hair. A+
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,10/11/2014,23,256,3,6,6>My sister has been raving about Kafaya's Kitchen for weeks.  It's a tiny restaurant run by Somali refugees (you can read about the family here:  cleveland.com/business/i…)  I finally got to sample some takeout last night for dinner.  I haven't personally been to the restaurant yet, but plan to go soon.  I'm told it's very small inside, so not a place to go with a large group.  There are no menus, just chicken, goat, and vegetarian meals.  We got vegetarian and chicken meals.  The portions were huge (3 adults and 1 child shared 2 meals), cost only $8 each, and come with a can of pop.  My sister said the dine-in experience was much better, with breads and sides.  On her previous visit the vegetarian meal had several vegetable accompaniments, while our takeout dinner had rice, pea soup, and salad.  The chicken dinner had rice, chicken with onions and peppers, and salad.  If you go, ask for some of the white hot sauce!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,10/10/2014,120,68,1,5,6>I LOVE THIS PLACE,  This is amazing gem found in Cleveland that you just wouldn't expect.  Yes it is a bit harder to get here but once you know that you get off Edgewater/Whiskey Island exit and go down a long and winding road, around water treatment plants and buildings, you can visit a little piece of heaven.  As a huge volleyball fanatic, whiskey island supports a beautiful community full of food, music, fun and most importantly VOLLEYBALL! No matter the skill, there is a league/division that even the most enthusiastic picnic volleyballer can play in.  The nets are in good shape and the area is beautiful with a dock and boats surrounding you.  I was so surprised that this was one of my first visit until just recently, but this is definitely something I will be visiting more often.  Just coming here and relaxing with friends is something I would definitely recommend on a sunny and beautiful day in Cleveland!  People need to preserve these beautiful spots, because it is one of Cleveland's hidden gem!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2014,10/9/2014,18,64,4,5,6>Since my first visit I've returned at least 5 times and every single time Lolita fails to disappoint me. Consistency at its finest. My new loves: crispy chicken livers and the pork chop milanese. Oh man, that pork chop. Go ahead and try the bone marrow - I brought my meat-lovin' dad here and when he took his first bite of the fatty melt-in-your-mouth goodness I swear he looked like the happiest man alive. I did good.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,10/8/2014,100,260,10,9,6>I finally got to go to Seoul Restaurant with some friends last week, and absolutely loved it. The grilled mackerel (my favorite dish to order at any Korean restaurant) is superb, as was all the banchan. The cucumber kimchi was especially delicious.All the delicious food reminded me of a typical Korean meal at my mom's, only without all the judgment, criticism, and tears!
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,10/7/2014,150,32,12,6,4>Bob's Hamburg is a cozy little gritty spot on East Ave that serves up some awesome food. Most people shy away from this place because it looks like a dump, or because it's on East Ave. Not I! I'm a dirty motherfucker who isn't afraid of anything: food poisoning, dirty hookers, gangbangers, fuck em! Bob's is like a diamond on top of a turd.....the food is amazing and cheap as hell. I fed three fat ass people for $15, and nobody died afterwards. That's an achievement for akron. Good thing about the location though is if you like drugs, you've got plenty available to you on good ol East Ave! Go to Bob's, have a nice meal, and then buy heroin right down the street. A true Akron morning. I love this little spot though, stepping through the door almost takes you through a portal to the 1930's. Not that that was such a hot time for black people but, it's still awesome. Go there.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,10/6/2014,18,46,3,5,4>This place really has it all! I came here with a few friends on Friday night and we all had a blast at this super cool restaurant! The ambiance and decor are fantastic. I don't know what this building was before but the architecture is just fantastic. As for food...DELICIOUS! I tried the calamari, deviled eggs and the scallops as an entree. Everything was carefully prepared and beautifully presented. The wine list is very extensive and has something to fit every budget. I was surprised to see a $30 bottle in such a nice place! All in all, great place for a date or a special night...a little pricier than the surrounding bar/restaurants in Ohio City. Definitely worth a visit!
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,10/5/2014,89,81,1,7,6>I enjoyed my dining experience at Lago! Being brand new, it has a modern feel but without feeling too cold and offering a somewhat cozy environment, as well. The bar area is fabulous with an open flame fire pit and nice patio for the Summer time.The dining area is also very nice and comfortable. It gives off a classy vibe without feeling too uptight. Love the menu-- so many options and prices vary for any range. I had the stuffed tortellini and didn't leave anything on my plate it was that good! I will for sure be going back to Lago :)
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,10/4/2014,88,296,1,6,6>Holey Moley - these bagels are delicious!I'm a bit of a bagel connoisseur.  (note: the bagels at Dave's grocery in Ohio City are currently my favs).  These bagels had me floored.  Thankfully, Cleveland Bagel pops up at festivals and flea markets so there are plenty of opportunities to put them in your mouth (though Rising Star Coffee is a regular option).  Their schmears are also amazing!  Though they aren't the cheapest bagels in the world, you can taste the love that goes into them.  They're perfectly crisp, yet doughy in the middle.  The schmeres add an added flavor - honestly, it's a bagel experience.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,10/3/2014,178,357,2,5,4>WoW! Kafta and fast! This is one of my new favorite Mediterranean spots to grab a bite. No, it is not the most inviting place to sit and eat seeing as its in the Marcs plaza, but if you decide to it will be amazing people watching. I did not know this spot existed until I walked into it the other day, pleasant surprise. I ordered the Kafta and it ended up tasting just like the Kafta back in the day that my brother from another mother mother's made..? yeah, thats right. Anyways, they have all of your basic foods to go and quick. It was under 6$, so was the Hummus and Tabbouleh. San Pellegreno's for 1.50$ also, ill be back.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,10/2/2014,7,97,1,3,3>I've been following Mason's Creamery for a while now. And by following, I do mean following -- finding out what farmer's market, festival, or other event they'll be at, and then doing whatever it takes to get myself there. I've had Mason's Creamery at Lakewood farmer's market, Tremont farmer's market, Walnut Wednesdays, Cleveland Flea, Hingetown.... and I love it every time. I actually think that Mason's Creamery may be my all-time favorite icecream -- yes, I think I now love it even more than Jeni's! The flavors are just so innovative, and the icecream is somehow very light and refreshing, never overly creamy and rich. Their hot chocolate and strawberry balsamic icecreams are some of my favorites, and the vegan flavors are always amazing too. Plus, service with a smile every time. I can't wait til Mason's Creamery opens shop in Ohio City so I can save myself from running around town!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,10/1/2014,215,581,2,4,3>Krissie W. hit the nail on the head. This place is amazing. Totally affordable and cute stuff. I seriously never want to get anything at Target again when I can buy stuff here. Plus, it's fun to scout out the place like a total creeper until they have something you really want.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,9/29/2014,342,426,9,23,10>After hearing about the new Jonathan Sawyer restaurant, my girlfriends and I decided to treat ourselves to a nice dinner tonight. And wow, all I can say- it was by far the best dinner I have ever experienced in Cleveland.See, the best part about Cleveland, is that you don't have to be waitlisted for 3 months to try to get into a restaurant of this caliber- nor do you need to shell out 200-300 dollars on one meal. You don't have to wait in some ridiculous line for 2+ hours to get a seat (just make a reservation though). You don't have to push your way through crowds to get to Trentina. There is a dress attire, so you have to dress up- but hey, why not, it makes for an enjoyable experience.  Trentina was incredible- and we made reservations only a couple of days prior to our dinner, parked in the complimentary valet, and walked peacefully into the restaurant.It's a great looking restaurant- clean, white walls, large windows, mirrored tables- I love the design of it.Currently, they have two tasting menus- the bianco and the pasta. The bianco is the bigger menu, and it's cheaper to buy online rather in the dining room. However, we chose a smaller tasting menu (5 pasta dishes + other tastings) - and it was amazing. All the pasta is made in house and they were by far, the best pasta I think I have ever had. Ever. I wish I could rattle off the names of the pasta, but not being Italian, I kind of am unsure of what I'm talking about when I say the names. All I can say though, was that the pasta- was utterly amazing- filled with varying dishes including abalone (abalone! Chef Sawyer gets his abalone from his a friend who owns an abalone business. When I saw the abalone, I was like, "WHAT? Abalone?!), caviar, roe, scallops, special fungi, amazing cheese, and so on. My favorites of the night were the ouvo all trentina (the egg comes out in this wooden branch of some sort, cooked over embers....straight onto your plate of amazing pasta), and pline + zuppa di vino vianco- which was this amazing cheese in a bread ball of some sort, with pureed cabbage, etcera... amazing. Utterly amazing. And all the pasta is made in house. OMG, SOOOOOOOOOO amazing. I was in food heaven.And what was great about this restaurant, was that the service was great. They replaced every fork and knife we used with each course, and were attentive to our needs, explaining each dish. Chef Sawyer himself even came out, explaining multiple dishes for us, and telling us where the ingredients came from.I was even surprised with the candles they had used on the table..was really beef fat! But it made for great dipping for our bread (between our courses). "Everything is usable" they said.Overall, I was stuffed after our pasta tasting (which, is not listed on their website- you have to call in and ask), which completed with a trio of desserts, including olive ice cream on amaretto, homemade yogurt + red currants + gianduja + danish, and apricots+ other fruits. We were STUFFED. But, seriously, Trentina is the best restaurant I have ever been to CLE.. I dare say this may indeed challenge the high caliber places in NYC and LA..... wow, it was so amazing. Even the bathroom was nice- they had a bidet (which was even heated), along with a sink faucet with built in dyson fans INTO the faucet. Dude, I could have lived in that bathroom. I've never even seen a bidet in CLE before! Nice, very nice.Overall, I was extremely impressed and highly recommend going to Trentina when you want to experience a world of amazing flavors. You don't see this type of restaurant in CLE, and I applaud Chef Sawyer for Trentina. It definitely sets a new stage of foodieness in CLE...and I like it a lot. Amazing. Five stars to the max.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,9/28/2014,89,75,4,7,8>The West Side Market is a staple of Cleveland, Ohio. Whether you've lived in northeast Ohio your entire life or are just in for a weekend visit, the WSM should be on your list of 'Things to do in Cleveland'.I used to live in the suburbs of Cleveland, so coming to the WSM was a novelty. Some of my fondest memories are the little morning trips we would take out here as kids. We'd go to the candy shop for the candy cigarettes (which is no longer there, sad), get some smokies, and pick up a dessert or two. Now that I live in downtown Cleveland, I have become more dependent on the WSM to deliver me all of my meat and produce needs. It's now to the point where I cannot buy bacon at a grocery store, because it does not live up to the thick, juicy slices of The Pork Chop Shop. Same goes for jerky - the processed, vacuum-sealed bags just don't cut it when you compare it to J&J Meats or Sebastian's Meats. I also prefer to buy most of my raw meat from Pinzone's. I will never forget the day I went in there, mid-snow storm, to get my grocery shopping done. They thanked me for braving the storm and shopping local that day. No sir, thank you for deciding to be open on that day!I do have a few qualms about WSM. While I love that it is such a landmark for Cleveland that brings in people from all over the area, it really sucks for the non-tourists to get stuck behind the foot traffic of those that are just window watching. I have a mission when I get to the market and it is to get in, get my groceries, get out. I can't say the same for all.Not only is the foot traffic bad, but the vehicle traffic is insane, especially on Saturdays. If you don't get there before 8:30/9 on Saturday, good luck finding parking. You may end up spending more time looking for a parking spot than the time you spend shopping at the market. They really need to look into building a garage of some sort where the current lot is.But in the end, my message is this: Support the local economy and shop the West Side Market!
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,9/27/2014,336,288,9,17,8>Our first experience at Sterle's was a bit of an odd one. We stopped in around 6pm on a Thursday. We entered through the main entrance walked down the long hallway and arrived at the hostess station. Nobody. We looked around. Not a soul. We could hear the sounds of conversation and sports on TV but still saw no one. Apparently, we were the only ones here outside of the staff that was engrossed in the World Cup action on the bar televisions. My wife actually had to walk inside the main dining area and flag someone down.First of all, this place is huge. Imagine a massive open dining area with seating for something like 150 people and a stage/dancefloor area. Now imagine it completely empty. We were the only people there. Don't get me wrong, I loved having the place all to ourselves, it was just strange. No music, just the sounds of soccer in the background. The bar, seating for about 10, is off the the side. Lest I forget, there's also a huge biergarten out back with lots of canopied picnic tables and its own bar. Turns out, that's where a party of about 10 that we didn't see when we arrived had taken up residence. Wasn't so vacant after all. Moving on.The atmosphere is something out of the old Bavarian restaurant playbook - murals depicting tree-lined landscape scenes with quaint castles and mountain scenes, backlit stained glass windows depicting flowers and dancing girls. It was both creepy and kitschy. The razor's edge between nightmare and dreamscape. I kinda liked it.The beer list is skewed toward the traditional German-styles with a selection of five house beers all brewed off-premise by Sprecher Brewery in Wisconsin. There's a beer for just about every taste but I'd recommend the Black Lager and the Munken Weizen wheat beer to truly take your Slovenian dining experience to the next level. After all, what's a meal at Sterle's without the beer?Our server was very friendly and accommodating, doting on us throughout our time there. I guess getting attentive service when you're the only diners in a restaurant shouldn't be all that impressive, but it was still nice. Waters were always full, she checked in often, and the kitchen paced our meal nicely.Speaking of the meal, don't come here expecting to eat low-carb. Holy shit, the carbs. I probably had enough in me to run the Cleveland marathon twice after leaving. It's all old-world comfort foods here. Sausage, pierogi, chicken paprikash, spaetzel, wienerschnitzel, roasted pork and sauerkraut. I make it no secret that my German heritage makes me a sucker for this kind of grub. I was definitely ready to loosen the belt a few notches on this night.Sticking with my goal of trying every soft pretzel in NE Ohio, we started with the Bavarian pretzels with beer cheese sauce. While the pretzels were your traditional stick variety they were soft, warm and well-salted. The real star was the beer cheese sauce that came with them. I could have eaten a bowl of the stuff all by itself. Delicious.Our dinner was monstrous, easily enough to feed a family of four. We each got a side salad, small bowl of chicken paprikash, a plate with roasted pork, green beans, two pierogi and scalloped potatoes. We also got a bowl of sour cream and a bowl of apple sauce on the side for the pierogi. Overall, the food was delicious, filling and definitely a taste of a generation gone by. The side salad was your typical out-of-a-bag lettuce mix with some sliced cukes and tomatoes on top. The Green beans were cooked a perfect al dente. The pierogi were a bit on the gummy side but the slight sweetness from the caramelized onions were a nice counter. The potatoes, called home fries, were reminiscent of something you'd get next to your eggs in the morning but very tasty and the pork, covered in brown gravy, was good just a bit dry.The biggest let down for me was the paprikash. The sauce was quite thin and a tad bland and the chicken, bits of white meat, was tough and stringy. Mostly spaetzel and chunks of tomato, it just didn't hold a candle to some of the other renditions I've had in the city.Dessert was another miss. Expecting the ethnic journey to continue with perhaps apple strudel or kuchen, we were instead served up a nearly frozen frosted brownie. Such a bummer. Just a plain, old brownie.There's no doubting the character and charm of a place like Sterle's. It's dripping with a sense of self that Cleveland has all but nearly lost over the past 20 years or so. As the older generation dies off and the gentrification of the inner-ring suburbs continues, places like Sterle's risk being lost forever. Sure, Sterle's is a bit rough around the edges, stale perhaps. They could use a bit of an update. Sterle's is also a piece of my city that I don't want to lose and a piece of our heritage that deserves to be preserved.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,9/26/2014,27,88,1,3,5>I came here on a Monday night for a small group work-related dinner. I'll preface this review with the fact that the dinner was free for me, so, I'll just talk about the food. I had been here before when it was 3 birds, but not since it changed. I'm not sure what the real menu looks like as we ordered off of a small menu just for this event. Started with a cheese board with some fancy crackers. Nice cheese choices. They also provided some flat-bread pizzas for an appetizer which were delightful. For the salad course, I had a pear/Gorgonzola salad. Again, the cheese was delicious. the salad dressed well. For the main course - salmon served on a bed of rice and bok choy with other vegetables with a wasabi sauce. Salmon was cooked perfectly. Bok choy and rice were also cooked well and seasoned well. The wasabi sauce was a nice compliment to the meal. Dessert was the creme brulee - lovely sugar crust with a very vanilla custard. Very tasty. Since I went for a private party, we didn't have any issues with service and the food was very good. However, I can't comment on value or price since I did not pay for this meal.  Overall this was a nice meal, and I think I would go back and try it again in a "regular" dinnertime setting.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,9/25/2014,59,68,2,5,5>This place is spicy! And this is coming from someone who thinks Sriracha tastes sweet, and Tabasco as just sour. I came with some friends for a dinner to check out this place, since one said it looked "legit" when he passed by this place last week and I trust his word since he's more Asian than I am.We ordered:1. Szechuan cold noodles (4/5) - for lack of a better description, it's "spaghetti" noodles with spicy sauce and julienned cucumbers. We were confused what this dish was compared to the "spicy cold noodles" was; apparently spicy cold noodles refers to the sauce being sesame sauce.2. Lamb kabobs (5/5) - WOW these were cooked well. It's marinated and garnished with tons of cumin and spice. They were tender, juicy and delicious. I could have definitely polished off the entire entree myself with some rice, but sharing is caring, so I had to split with my friends. Sadness.3. Boiled beef in hot & spicy sauce (aka Water boiled beef, shui zhu niu) (4.5/5) - For those who haven't had Szechuan food before, this is anything but water boiled. It comes in a giant bowl and looks like a giant soup of pure spicy oil and chili peppers. You fish out the pieces of beef and napa cabbage out and eat it with rice. Yum yum. I liked this, but this one was much spicier than ones at other restaurants, and one of my friends said it was a little salty.4. Beef noodle soup (5/5) - The dish tasted a lot better than it looked. We weren't too sure what the difference was between this and the "Szechuan beef noodle soup" that was listed right below; the waitress just said it was spicy. I'm sure it's also prepared slightly differently too. Sometimes, poorly braised and cut beef is hard to eat and meat gets stuck in your teeth (eww!), but this is not the case here! But the beef was amazingly tender and juicy. The soup was pretty sweet and oily and I actually found myself drinking the soup.Service was a little slow, but it isn't enough to deter me from coming back. We had finished our food and sat around for 10 minutes before we were able to flag the waitress down to ask for a menu since we wanted to order more food. It was only at that time she cleared our dishes out. It wasn't very busy either, maybe 4 other tables. The restaurant did let us split checks, which was much appreciated.As a random side note, one of my friends recognized the waitress as possibly having worked at Siam Cafe in the past since he used to eat there 1-2x a week, which was pretty hilarious and ridiculous at the same time.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,9/24/2014,75,131,5,10,8>Okay, so my Wife and I wanted to get something affordable but different. After looking at a hardy cache of reviews, we settled on someplace we'd never been before...The Lion on Lorain. The Lion used to be, from what I'd known, just a standard biker bar and grill with a friendly rep. We went there expecting something simple...basic...AND WERE BLOWN AWAY. Firstly, the young lady at the (whose name escapes me, so I'll apologize to her now cause it was a little loud and I couldn't hear well when she told me,) was gracious and thoughtful. We ate at the bar, so firstly we got water and a libation and everything seemed nice... then...WE LOOKED AT THE MENU...I was astounded; they serve Mexican/Indian Fusion. The food is a hardy mix of locally grown stuff combined with spices and zest that blends into food that is...well...amazing. I got an Indian chicken taco combination with, with home made chutney and a winning sauce, that had such taste that I was just astounded at every bite. Add to that corn chips with a MOLE' SALSA that was the perfect compliment. I could have eaten myself silly. This stuff is just amazing, and it only made me want to come back for more! Tino, the chef extraordinaire, is a culinary school grad and a wizard with sauces; I swear I saw him with a wand back in kitchen:)  We also got to try a virgin drink (no alcohol,) with a simple syrup he made that tasted like a summer breeze on a sun kissed island. (Yeah, it was that good:) I give him and his kitchen staff a quadruple "thumbs up", let me tell ya. On top of that, the menu includes a fair number of vegetarian/vegan options for those who want their stuff raw or cooked. The diversity was very refreshing and unexpected for what, obstensibly, we thought was biker bar!  Now,  one of the only drawbacks here is the fact that it's only street parking,but I say if the food's this good, I'LL WALK! We came on Sunday afternoon (with I suggest cause it's not as busy,) and got a good spot. The place is clean and well kept, there's a pool table and music and more tables in the back to fill up with hungry patrons. The bar top is spacious and the atmosphere friendly. The place is also motorcycle friendly, and the folks there are great. I have to say, besides the great service, I gave the place 5 stars for the FOOD. I have never had such a winning combo. So, believe me cause I ain't lyin when I say The Lion On Lorain is going to be on my "stop off and chow down" list for many seasons to come!(BTW, as an additional note; Tino told me that he had only been there a short while [under two months] thus the newer, more radical menu. The stuff we got was original and amazing.)
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,9/23/2014,105,123,1,6,5>Truly one of my favorite places in all of Cleveland.  I know -- it can be a bit of a drive for most folks. I promise it is worth it.  The wine list is always so much better than other area restaurants.  Great French and cool Washington state reds. The food always blows me away, as well. Happy hour can't be beat, but really anything on the dinner menu is delicious.  I especially love that they've started doing brunch -- the South by Southwest (cheddar biscuits with chorizo gravy) are  SO GOOD. OMG.One of my favorite things that they do are the monthly wine dinners.  If you ever get a chance to go to one, do not pass on it.  So worth every penny.  Absolutely perfect pairings -- you leave stuffed, happy and mayyyybe a little buzzed...
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,9/22/2014,141,122,6,10,6>Just needed a place to hang out in the morning while downtown. That it was open for breakfast was awesome. They are open for breakfast everyday. This is a breakfast review.I ordered the eggs benedict. Eggs were perfectly poached with the whites cooked through and the yolk cooked but a bit runny. The delicious yolk paired well with the hollandaise sauce that poured over the warm ham, making one delicious combination. The ham itself was sliced so thin and piled high, that it tasted like a ham version of sliced corned beef. The cappuccino was made with rich espresso, yet not too bitter, and had perfectly foamed milk.I think dinner reservations are in order.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2014,9/21/2014,36,181,2,8,2>This was actually 4.5 stars.  I am always skeptical of trying Pho at restaurants other than Superior Pho, but this place comes pretty darn close.  This place is a short walk from my job and I see the sign each morning as I enter the parking garage.   It is a little hard to find with entrances off of Superior and one off of Rockwell.  The Yelp reviews are spot on, this was pretty good stuff!  I ordered the #3 Pho which included Flank and Round Steak.  The soup arrived in a huge bowl, the ratio of noodles to broth was slightly different than Superior Pho.  Pho Thang included more broth and fewer noodles, but the broth was nicely flavored.  Also included the usual accompaniments, sprouts, peppers, basil and lime.  I also ordered 2 spring rolls, which were more like egg rolls but still very tasty.  My friend ordered the shrimp vermicelli noodles and she loved it.  The staff was super nice and eager to please.  Will DEFINITELY return......soon!!
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,9/20/2014,41,21,2,9,5>polish-comfort-food-for-polesseven-roses-is-polish-food-as-it-is-in-poland-that-is-to-say-made-from-scratch-well-composed-and-flavorful-the-setup-is-a-bit-confusing-to-the-unitiated-but-then-again-everything-in-poland-is-confusing-as-hell-too-there-is-a-small-grocery-stocked-with-polish-imports-up-front-a-deli-counter-next-to-the-register-and-small-cafe-in-the-back-if-you-want-to-eat-in-the-cafe-you-just-have-a-seat-white-lace-curtains-don-the-walls-which-are-otherwise-painted-a-rose-pink-color-there-is-a-pressed-tin-ceiling-its-very-homey-and-felt-a-lot-like-grandmas-house-the-cafe-would-not-be-out-of-place-in-krakow-i-was-greeted-promptly-by-a-young-woman-who-took-my-beverage-order-and-asked-if-i-would-like-soup-she-brought-me-my-beverage-a-potato-pancake-and-a-cup-of-barzszcz-czerwony-beetroot-soup-the-potato-pancake-was-firm-crispy-and-fresh-and-had-been-fried-in-butter-the-soup-which-is-one-of-my-yardsticks-for-polish-restaurants-was-out-of-this-world-a-bit-of-cream-had-been-added-to-give-it-a-nice-pink-color-and-plenty-of-fresh-dill-had-been-added-as-a-flavorful-garnish-there-were-chunks-of-shredded-beets-in-the-bottom-of-the-cup-smacznethere-is-no-menu-here-so-you-choose-from-the-small-buffet-selection-which-had-eight-items-during-the-time-of-my-visit-there-were-cabbage-and-noodles-kluski-i-kapusta-roasted-pork-tenderloin-a-chicken-dish-pierogi-ruskie-sauerkraut-stuffed-cabbage-goabki-mashed-potatoes-and-mysteriously-chili-that-i-wish-had-been-gulasz-instead-the-goabki-were-covered-in-tomato-sauce-with-fresh-dill-sprinkled-on-top-they-were-not-the-most-delicious-i-had-ever-had-radio-cafe-in-warszawa-holds-that-honor-but-were-respectable-the-pierogi-were-made-with-serem-farmers-cheese-and-served-boiled-very-tasty-and-traditional-i-enjoyed-the-roast-pork-and-the-sauerkraut-was-amazing-during-a-second-trip-to-the-buffet-there-were-no-pierogi-but-one-of-the-servers-told-me-she-was-about-to-bring-out-more-and-she-did-if-your-exposure-to-polish-food-has-been-limited-to-prepackaged-smoked-kielbasa-and-frozen-pierogi-the-food-at-seven-roses-may-not-be-quite-what-you-expected-this-is-the-real-deal-folksall-in-all-i-was-very-happy-with-the-experience-my-meal-including-beverage-and-tax-ran-1050-bring-cash-no-credit-cards-accepted-you-can-also-order-a-sandwich-from-the-deli-and-both-the-buffet-and-deli-have-to-go-options-it-is-important-to-note-however-that-polish-is-the-primary-language-of-this-establishment-it-helps-if-you-speak-at-least-a-little-non-polish-speakers-may-feel-a-little-lost-although-at-least-one-member-of-the-staff-i-believe-the-owners-daughter-speaks-good-english-one-should-also-know-that-if-arriving-around-11-or-1130-am-on-a-sunday-this-place-will-be-flooded-by-poles-who-just-left-mass-at-st-stanislaus-so-large-parties-of-polish-speaking-folks-can-be-expected-there-is-a-very-popular-polish-american-restaurant-in-town-that-i-find-quite-tasty-but-when-i-want-polish-food-that-reminds-me-of-the-motherland-ill-be-coming-to-seven-roses-smacznego
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,9/19/2014,7,72,2,5,4>I can say this is my favorite place in Cleveland now. My husband and I went here twice actually in one night because we liked it so much. The first time it was mid afternoon and we stopped for a couple drinks and an appetizer. We sat at the bar and had the lamb meatballs. Those changed my life and my whole idea of meatballs. People don't give meatballs enough credit and I think that's because they have never tried the lamb meatballs at Bar Cento. They were the juiciest, most flavorful meatball I have ever had. I would drive to Cleveland just to have that meatball. We had a side house salad which was fresh and tasty and the dressing was light and very good as well. And there was an entree with them an pappardelle that I have been dreaming about getting. We went back late that night and got the pizza Bianco (which was rated as the #1 pizza in ohio by food network) and it lived up to what our expectations were. It was super thin and crispy and garlicky and I have never had a pizza like that. It was unique and absolutely the best white pizza I have ever had. This is exact place everyone looks for but never really finds. It's the perfect place to hang out, drink and eat delicious food. I wish this was in my backyard...well if it was I would drink and eat a lot more that's for sure. The bar tenders were very nice and knew what that were doing no question. I can't wait to come back!
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,9/18/2014,45,266,1,6,3>This is the best place to unwind in the evenings or weekends! And it's right next to the theatre to catch a movie. There is very rarely a wait because it's such a big place with seating upstairs, main dining room, bar area, and the patio. They have a quickly rotating draft selection to keep things interesting with options to get a smaller pour to test any of the beers before fully committing. I had my friend with celiac disease visiting and she went here the first night she was in town. After that she didn't want to try anywhere else. Their gluten free menu is huge and it's so nice they have it on their website including precise directions for substitutions for many items. Then another time a while back I brought a coworker of my husband's who is a meat grilling and smoking connoisseur (has one of those green eggs and even smokes brisket all winter in Minnesota). He got the baby back ribs and gave them his full approval. I found out now he brings his clients here every time he's in town.This is one of those places where I take forever to figure out what to order. I'm torn between sticking to a tried and true and venturing out. But everything is really good. I  had the grilled shrimp cobb salad last time and have been thinking about how soon I can go back and get it again. Shrimp can be tricky, but these were perfectly poppy and warm. Great service, atmosphere, food, drink! If you check-in on Yelp, you get a free duck fat popcorn too!
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,9/17/2014,76,89,8,4,7>I get why this place has an insane number of 5 star reviews. Salted caramel donutGlazed Cherry Cake DonutMaple Bacon donut with maple whipped creamSweet insantiy. All for less than 10 bucks a dozen. EAT THAT DUNKIN DONUTS!!!!I will admit though, I considered giving this place a 4 - 4.5 star review because no matter what you do, no matter your self control, no matter what insane diet you're on, you're going to stuff your self silly with sweet deliciousness (to the point where you lie groaning on a couch, holding your belly, in pain, but still super happy, as you write a yelp review - not that I'd know from experience).Sigh. I wonder if I should have bought the dozen instead of the half....
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2014,9/16/2014,134,35,4,7,9>I'm glad to see one of my friends open up his own brewery. Shaun is a great brewer who pays very close attention to detail, knows what good beer is and knows how to execute it. With that said I came here the 2nd day they were open. All 3 of his house beers were great! The guest list was surprising also. You'd have a hard time not finding a beer you like here. The way they set up the bar and brewery was well thought out. I like the self serve water tap at the end of the bar, now patron's sitting at bar stools don't have to be reached over for water and the bartenders need not worry about pouring water for people. Get those delicious suds out there as fast as possible right? The soon to open growler station and quick beer pick up(not self serve) is a great idea as well. The food is always something new and different as they invite outside catered food from local restaurants. This is also a great idea as the menu will never get stale here. You can bring your dog/dogs here and chill out on one of the many picnic tables on the patio. Recycling of the old lanes from the first 10 pin alley in Ohio is great. I love how the lane wood looks on the bar top and the table tops. In the back room you can still see numbers 1- however many lanes there were, painted high up on the wall.I have been here a handful of times since they opened and I have to say I really like the feel of this place. Great crowd and the employees are all very attentive and knowledgeable. Keep up the good work guy's. We have a winner here!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2014,9/15/2014,100,67,3,7,5>Tucked inside the lobby of the Holiday Inn Express next to the PNC Building, Sammy's is a little diner that serves up breakfast and lunch staples for prices that don't break the bank. One of the few downtown breakfast places open on Saturday, I was glad Sammy's was as good as it is convenient. Bacon here is crisp, potatoes are better than Huran St diner and my heart is still true to the people at PJs but this is definitely where you'll find me the next Saturday morning I get a taste for eating breakfast out in the East 4th neighborhood.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,9/14/2014,35,41,3,6,7>This place doesn't seem quite sure whether it wants to be a coffee shop or a bakery--but I'll forgive Blackbird its identity crisis since it's so good at handling both of its personalities.The best authentic, European-style baguettes (perfectly crusty) and croissants (perfectly light and flaky) in town, bar none. Their big multi-grain loaves make for some of the best grilled cheese I've made. And while I'm not usually a huge fan of cookies, I've made an exception for Blackbird's chocolate chip cookies, which come with big chunks of chocolate and a dusting of sea salt on top.On the coffee side, Blackbird serves fresh, locally-roasted, direct trade beans from Cleveland's own undisputed coffee champion, Rising Star Coffee of Hingetown. The Starbucks and Erie Island down the street just can't measure up.All that mad bakery and coffee prowess is rounded out with a good amount of seating, friendly staff, free Wi-Fi, and even the occasional live oboe player in the corner.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,9/13/2014,442,1404,8,9,7>"You down with OPP?"  Yep, a little Naughty by Nature was playing overhead when I stepped through the sliding door of Pour.  So far we are off to a great start.  I write this review as a die-hard fan of Rising Star so here goes...First off, they serve Counter Culture coffee.  Good stuff and I definitely have consumed my fair share of those beans over the years.  Rising Star uses way more obscure beans.  Pour's almond milk is a blend of almond, macadamia and hazelnut.  It's definitely more tangy than regular almond milk.  Nonetheless, delicious.  3 espresso options stare you in the face.  Cool, spacious interior with long wooden tables and stools.  Much better place to hang out vs Rising Star.  Now here is the main difference ... Price.  My 12 oz. almond milk latte at RS costs $4.25.   An 8 oz. almond milk latte at Pour costs $4.65.  Alas, good coffee should not be nickel-and-dimed but it is noticed.  It is GREAT to see an independent coffeehouse like Pour downtown.  Go.  And bust out your fave old school rap moves while waiting for your java.  I did.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,9/12/2014,48,114,2,5,5>Love this place. Tons of cute knick knacks! I love all the Cleveland art, clothes and decorations. The jewelry and leather brackets always catch my eye. For Christmas I spent a fortune here on gifts for family and friends. Everyone loved their gifts. The staff here has always been super friendly and helpful. I wish I could buy almost everything in the store, but unfortunately most of the items are on the pricey side so be ready to spend that money . They have lots of recycled items for sale that are pretty awesome. Definitely worth a gander if you are in the area, be ready to spend some time and money though!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2014,9/11/2014,97,56,4,6,5>I've been going to this particular Mitchell's for a few years now. The staff is really friendly and the ice cream is always on point. The only real issue is the lack of variety when it come to the vegan flavors. Realistically though, I don't really blame them for focusing their efforts on their main product, dairy ice cream. For anyone who might be wondering though, the vegan flavors they do have are delicious.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2014,9/10/2014,9,256,2,4,3>A crust that is delicately crisp and slightly burnt on the outside yet still soft on the inside sealed the deal for me putting Vero on top of my other Cleveland pizza destinations (Pepper's, Sweet Basil, Marrotta's, Crust, Angelo's, Dewey's, and Mama Santa's).  Fresh toppings on the Pancetta and Farm Egg Pizza further highlighted by the cracked pepper and occasional saltiness of the pancetta rounded out this fantastic pizza.  Do heed the menu's warning that this is a pizza to be enjoyed fresh out of the oven in the restaurant instead of at home as take-out.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2014,9/9/2014,104,314,3,4,4>The wife and I had some time to kill and empty stomachs, so we chose to visit a local restaurant that's right around the corner from our house.  When we were seated, the restaurant was empty, so we could choose our seat.  That was cool.  We both ordered a Yuengling Light because they had it on draft.  Score!  Then we ordered the Famous Little Devils as our appetizer.  A few minutes later, the Little Devils arrived and were nice and hot.  Upon tasting them, they were delicious!  There was smoky bacon, jalapeno, sausage and a yummy sauce.  There may have been other stuff, but they were really delicious.For dinner, I ordered the stuffed portobello sandwich with a salad per my wife's recommendation.  She ordered wings.While we were waiting, a few people came to talk to us, including the chef and a few different waitresses.  They were all really friendly and made us feel right at home.  I've been in this building many times before and it has never looked nicer than it does now.  Especially notable is the improved lighting.When our food arrived, I snapped a couple pictures and admired the pleasing appearance of our food.  It looked totally yummy!I tasted my salad and it was excellent with fresh arugula and grated cheese.  Loved it.  Then I bit into my portobello sandwich.  "What's that odd flavor?", I thought.  So I took another bite.  Still an odd flavor and texture.  Finally, I bit into the portobello itself and I could not get my teeth through it.  I cut the sandwich in half, but still could not bite through the portobello without using my hands and teeth as if I was eating a piece of beef jerky.  It appears that my portobello was very over cooked :-(  The flavor of the sandwich was bad and the texture was worse.  It fell apart in my hands.  I don't think hot spinach belonged on this sandwich either.  Oh well, I bet the burgers are tasty!My wife's wings were excellent.  These wings were bigger than most.  They were breaded and deef fried and had a unique texture that I haven't seen before.  Awesome wings!  Sauces were served on the side in large plastic containers.I'll be back to try a burger.  In the mean time, be sure to try this place and keep coming back.  We need to rally around local businesses that serve good food.  Happy hour ends at 6:00 PM on weekdays.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2014,9/8/2014,59,20,4,4,6>This place is Chris Hardwick's wet dream - a bowling alley that also has a performance space where comedy shows and small concerts put on by indie bands you've never heard of are held at least once a month. I write this as I wait for the $5 monthly SUPER SHOW to begin (second Wednesday of every month,  show begins at 8 : 00 and you should get there early because it fills up fast). The bar has a small menu with THE most amazing fried chicken you'll have on Cleveland.EDIT: The Super Show is no more, I'm afraid. Other events still being held here!
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,9/7/2014,110,90,3,5,5>My gf and I came here for a Sunday brunch. The restaurant was packed with people around noon. Luckily we were able to sit at the bar without wait.The restaurant has an Italian/Spanish vibe. Has some nice Italian finishes, but the colors on the walls remind of a Spanish restaurant. There's a few original artworks of some vegetables and fruits. And of course lets not forget those "unique" looking chandeliers (aka condomliers). There are two bar areas in the restaurant. One of which faces the brick pizza ovens. The restaurant ambiance is quite different to Dante. Next Door feels more casual due to its open layout. Anyhow, we ordered the crab cake eggs benedict, smoked salmon pizza, and duck fat potatoes. We also had a mango iced tea.The bartender/server Victoria was very cheerful and attentive. The iced tea was light and refreshing. It was nice to see that it wasn't overly sweetened. The food arrived rather quickly and the portions were very generous. There were two eggs benedict in the order. The crab cake was nicely done; flavorful and moist. The soft english muffin was lightly toasted. There was also ham. All of this was topped with lemon hollandaise sauce and a poached egg. The runny egg and hollandise sauce combined beautifully. The hollandaise sauce had a bit of tarty lemon flavor which the egg yolk balanced out nicely. The smoked salmon pizza was also very good. The pizza was topped with smoked salmon, hard boiled eggs, and onions. The salmon had a nice smokey flavor and the crust of the pizza was very good. The pizza here are all made in the brick oven. The potatoes were also very good. These little potatoes absorbed all the goodness from the duck fat. The potato add on was definitely a good choice.We left the restaurant with one whole eggs benedict and about half the pizza. The leftovers were still very good the next day! Although prices are a bit high for brunch, it makes up for quality (an even quantity). I'll definitely return another time!
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2014,9/6/2014,46,52,3,5,5>Things I love about Dolce Wraps: -the falafel!!! So much better than Aladdin's and one of the things I just crave sometimes. And love the pickled veg in the wraps.-the hilarious characters who work there. They've been known to hassle my husband for not getting hot sauce on our wraps AKA they know us better than we know ourselves. Not everyone is super-friendly, I will admit that, but at the same time I've never walked out with a negative vibe. One time I got a wrap for free because whoever was working the register was in the back smoking and I had to wait for like five minutes to pay. The other person behind the counter (I'm assuming the manager) was PISSED and started throwing pans around and cursing right in front of me. The more I write this, the more it doesn't seem like a positive but honestly it was just kind of endearing to me. Plus, free food.-the value! Helloooo who doesn't love getting some extra pita and hummus?One thing I just can't get over is that sometimes there are flies having a field day in that place. Usually we do carry-out anyway but still - ugh. Whateves, I'm too enamored with their falafel to stop going there.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,9/5/2014,34,24,4,6,6>Often when I read not-so-great reviews of a place I've loved, I wonder if I actually went to the same place the other reviews are about. On a Monday at 5:45, there was no one else at Lotus Thai House - so the service was quite superb. I guess when you're the only people in a restaurant, it's hard to get that part wrong. And the food... so it's been about 10 years since I've had actual Thai food (Because Pad Thai from Rocky River Brewing Co. can hardly be called real Thai. Umami Moto and Phnom Penh are probably closer, but I've always been seduced by their other dishes.)  -- so maybe my authenticity meter is lower, or maybe some of the other reviewers went on a bad night? Maybe we just got lucky -- because my boyfriend and I had a very tasty Thai dinner this early Monday evening. We started with the Lotus Curry Puffs -- two large and flaky, flaky, flaky deliciously fried pastries with ground chicken, sweet potato, cilantro, onions, and curry powder, with a sweet sauce - and a small bowl of Kuai Tiao (Don't let "small" fool you - it was easily enough for one meal really - even split between two of us there should have been some left over. [But there wasn't, because we were pigging out a little. Ok, a lot.].) Their Kuai Tiao is a lot like pho, and just as yummy. The boyfriend got the Pumpkin Curry - a little strange presentation I think, as it's served in a fried tortilla bowl (think taco salads) - but the contents (chicken, shrimp, and veggies with yellow curry) were delicious and prepared with care (yay for shrimp that isn't tough and rubbery!), and almost hot enough for him at the extra spicy level. (I sometimes think there's no such thing as too hot for him.) My Masaman Curry, medium spicy (I could have gone a little hotter) was even better - though I think it would have been better with beef. My own poor decision to go with chicken, as far as taste. The chicken was good chicken though - not the gristle laden chunks you end up with in so many Americanized Thai places. The only complaint I had at all was that the main dishes came out a little too fast on the heels of the soup and appetizer... we weren't even close to being done. I'll chalk that up to us being the sole patrons the entire time we were there though - I suppose the guys in the kitchen didn't have much else to do.We stuffed ourselves thoroughly, and enjoyed every second of it. And though I have to admit there is a selfish part of me that enjoyed having the whole place to ourselves, I really hope that isn't the norm - this place should be packed for dinner. I know we'll be back for more! (Though maybe we'll stick to the early dinner to have it to ourselves...)
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,9/4/2014,70,153,4,11,6>I can't believe I haven't tried this place sooner. I've been searching for authentic tacos, chasing food trucks around the city that inevitably disappoint, when I should've relied on yelp to steer me in the right direction. Damn good tacos. LEGIT, AUTHENTIC tacos. A good price at $2 a piece as well. You prepay for your tacos at the front registers and take your ticket to the back and make your order. Carne asada, chorizo, and al pastor, OH MY. Cravings satisfied. Carne asada was my favorite, but I can't wait to try more. I used to have to wait till my next trip out of town to find some good tacos, but no more. La Plaza is the real deal.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,9/3/2014,119,88,4,12,6>You have got to try the bubble tea! This place is literally the only place I've been to where the bubble tea is not just a concoction of sugar and milk. I've never realized that bubble tea would taste like tea! Another great thing is that they don't load up the drinks with ice! I hate that because it makes me disappointed in the quality of the restaurant.The owners are also super nice and I'll be definitely back for more!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,9/2/2014,37,38,2,9,3>I love Fahrenheit, I love Lolita, but when someone asks, "Hey, Chris, what's your favorite Tremont restaurant? " it's Dante.  Perhaps comparing Dante, Lolita and Fahrenheit are like comparing Rolls Royce, Bentley and Maybach.  At some point it's all about personal preference, because let's face it, they're all freakin' perfect.Oh, the horrors of living in Tremont, where I have the terrible problem of where to dine.  The Linguine alla Carbonara is by far the best thing I have ever put in my mouth.  I suddenly realized that if I had to choose a last meal, I'd choose it, and not something my mom had made.  Friends, that is saying something . Dante just gets it all right.  Atmosphere?  Perfect.  Service?  Perfect.  Menu?  You need to ask?  Perfect.  The whole place is just so damned comfortable.  All your senses are wrapped in the warmest, cuddliest, softest blanket and coo'd into blissful contentedness.  When I leave Dante after a meal, I'm always smiling, relaxed, well-fed...  I love it so. I read the one-star reviews Dante has gotten and I shake my head. Angry self-loathing people trying to discredit a genuine gift to Cleveland.  Folks, Dante is in Cleveland's top three restaurants, maybe top 3 in all of Ohio.  Make a reservation, arrive early enough to get some happy hour treats before your table is ready and get ready for a perfect night.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,9/1/2014,65,71,1,5,5>I passed Stem when heading to Coffee Pot one morning. After breakfast I decided to stop in. Inside was/is wonderful smelling bar soaps, liquid soaps lotions, body butter, candles and lip glosses. Everything is 100% natural and made in the store. All the employees are very friendly and helpful. I've been in Stem three times since my first visit.I have not tried their soaps or lotions, but I do have three of their candles: Orange Clove, Holiday (my absolute and utter favorite), and Lavender.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,8/31/2014,36,123,1,4,5>Did you know that every month the Cuyahoga Valley Scenic Railroad has beer tasting events and wine tasting events?! Well they do and they are a great time so you should grab some friends or your lover and get tickets to the next event! Three friends and I got tickets for the Cinco De Mayo themed beer event and all of us want to come back to try the wine event. It was about $50 for a two hour train ride where you get to sample 5 different beers that are accompanied with appetizers. The appetizers were nothing special, but you get to keep the tasting glass and the staff is super friendly and fun so all around it was a good time and worth the price.Menu:Carib Lager with Chips and Salsa.Estrella Damm with Taco Salad.Estrella Damm Daura with Spanish Rice Salad.Rogue Farms Chipotle Ale with Chicken Quesadilla. Jose Curevo Lime Margarita with Cinnamon Churro. As this is May in Ohio, the scenery was still a little lacking, but I bet the views of the Valley are great during the summer and early fall weather. I would definitely recommend this event to everyone! They even have kid events like the Polar Express in the winter.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,8/30/2014,51,109,4,5,6>Another 5 star review for Cleveland Tea Revival! I discovered its existence on yelp last week (thanks, Cara!) and couldn't wait to get back to the west side to try it. On today's rainy day, my fiancé and I stopped in after lunch at Bon Bon. I fell in love with as soon as I saw the colorful sitting area outside, the yellow (my favorite color) telephone inside, the quirky tiled ceiling, and all the canisters of tea. I told the employee that I have been waiting and waiting for a great tea place ever since I moved to Cleveland three years ago! As I searched the menu, I smelled a few of their excellent teas. As a tea lover, I can tell you that this menu is exceptional and very unique!My fiancé chose Church Ave, which includes mint and fennel. He deemed it one of his favorite herbal teas he's ever had! I got the Lapsang Souchong, a black tea with an extreme smoky flavor. In fact, one of the ingredients listed is "campfire." Well, it SMELLS like a campfire, in the most appealing way!The employee was helpful in telling us that we could combine certain teas, etc. There are so many I want to try. But she was even more helpful in allowing me to hang out with the resident pooch, Louie! I crouched on the floor in the back corner and pet the sweetest black lab mix for a handful of minutes. I think my fiancé thought I might try to steal the dog. ;) (Don't worry, I'll just visit...)Cleveland Tea Revival, I have been waiting for you for years! I'll be back many times, for your quaint atmosphere, super tea selection, and the dog. I do love that dog.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,8/29/2014,15,41,5,10,4>My friends and I were lured in on the basis of having a scandalous affair.....at a diner! Exterior used to be for an ol' barbecue restaurant. Interior, it's a basic, no frills atmosphere, but nice wooden counters and wooden cabinets/shelves. If you look around, you realize A Tasty Affair takes pride in their homemade items. The shelves are stocked with their housemade granola, peanut butter, almond butter, cookies, and dog biscuits. In addition to that, they also make their own muffins (changes by the day!!), french waffles, sausage, cream cheese frosting, gravy, salad dressings etc. I give them so much credit for dedicating all that time!!Coffee was Red Cedar Coffee. This coffee is better than average diner coffee. You can actually purchase this coffee in stores - it's a local company based in Berea. It was smooth enough to drink black, but it tasted better when cream/sugar. My friends ordered a roast beef/cheddar sandwich and 2 eggs/toast/homefries/sausage. I ordered 2 overeasy eggs, homefries, and a peanut butter butterscotch muffin! Lemme tell you, get the daily muffin. Such unique flavors. A Tasty Affair is TOTALLY over the cupcake craze. They are post-modern in the sense that they spend time perfecting a timeless standby such as muffins. Super moist, but the perfect blend of sweet and salty. Overeasy eggs were done better than most diners. I usually order overeasy eggs whereever I go, but a lot of places get them confused with sunny side up eggs. This diner knows the difference. Homefies are red skinned potatoes and they cook em just right -  you don't need to apply too much pressure to let your teeth puncture the red skin into the tender potato pocket. Sausage is the size of a hamburger patty, I'm not kidding you. You can possibly serve this sausage to a kid as a steak. It's over three quarters of an inch thick. If you don't believe me, see image attached.I looked around and saw that other customers ordered the county boy skillet, which  is served in a cast iron skillet. This is serious quality! You would expect this quality to be $10 or so, but overall, prices are $5-$7. This diner also seemed to attract a clientele from the neighborhood, which is nice, since I saw strangers chatting with others. A Tasty Affair doesn't need to rely on an "artisian" marketing with some clever recent college grad graphic designer logo to attract people to come in. They have enough confidence, but modesty to be able to survive!!
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,8/28/2014,68,481,4,5,5>The Loop is great, but you have to come here in the right mindset. It's a coffee shop and record store, so you can bet your britches that there will be some weird hipster music playing at all times. Sometimes said music is pretty loud, so if you can't work in high volume, don't come here expecting to get much done. On the other hand, it can be really relaxing to have some music drown out the clamor of a public place/other people. I've had a lot of luck doing things that don't require intense reading here (note: rereading the same sentence over and over again) , like crocheting and browsing magazines or reading short articles. I also dropped a crochet hook from the second floor once...that was not fun, but I don't think anyone was too mad--the staff is probably used to that all of the time and the fellow customers were pretty cool and didn't give me dirty looks. I would note that the louder, more relaxed atmosphere does lend itself to some rudeness/obliviousness. I once sat near a girl trying to trace her credit card from the night before by calling bars on speakerphone. Yikes. The coffee is delicious and I had one of the best lattes of my life here. I tried a soy latte on my second visit and it was tasty, but not as good as the first whole milk latte I had. I think my visits here are more for adventure, relaxation, and a truly delicious latte rather than getting work done. As far as the staff goes, no one has ever been overly chatty or excited when I come here. I don't know if I just came in on bad days, but a smile would have been nice, though they weren't rude at all either. Toeing a weird neutral mood line.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,8/27/2014,97,533,2,9,5>Melinda and her cleaning partner just left, and I could just weep for joy. I don't think the house has been this clean since it was built, and maybe not even then. Their attention to detail is amazing, and every surface is gleaming. We called them because we had a layer of construction dust on everything from a recent renovation, but they did so much more. They got into every nook and cranny. Highly recommended.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,8/26/2014,45,149,4,7,5>Ya'll just don't understand. I'm bamboozled by the reviewers who didn't rant and rave about Jack Flaps like I'm about to. Holy moly, Jack Flaps is everything I've been looking for in a breakfast/brunch spot and more. EXCEPT that it's so dang tiny. When I find myself agonizing over choosing between delicious-sounding (sweet vs. savory) menu options, I know I've stumbled upon a gem. I got something sticky-sweet and delicious from the "Sweet" side of the menu, complemented by a friggin Yoo-Hoo iced mocha. Yes, it was as good as it sounds. I ate here over a month ago and I'm still not over it. My one life's ambition is to eat here again. ...And again, and again.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,8/25/2014,196,218,9,9,10>Bust out them dusty flip flops and get ready for some fun under the sun in Edgewater Park! I love coming here on a warm spring/summer day to enjoy the rare Cleveland sun :) There is a ton of grass area for BBQs, picnics, outdoor sports, etc! There is also a little beach area with sand for your tanning pleasures and with volleyball nets! Parking is accessible and free. There are two food huts that sell nachos, hotdogs, sundaes, etc. Make sure you get yourself some Honey Hut ice cream! I lived close to the ocean almost my whole life, but I still have a lot of fun whenever I visit Edgewater Park!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,8/24/2014,76,155,1,7,6>First off, I would like to say how awesome the entryway is. Glass blocks with koi fish floating around underneath your feet? Yes please! I could stand there and look at them all day! I think it's very smart for a restaurant to have something interesting for people to look at while they wait, especially kids. Am I saying I'm a big kid fascinated by fancy fish? Perhaps.The décor was much nicer inside than most sushi/hibachi places I have been. I really enjoyed the ambiance lighting and the sounds of running water from the fountains. Kind of made me have to use the restroom, but it was soothing non the less.  We started with some Edamame. I had never tried it before but it was quite good. There was excellent flavor and a few of them wouldn't stuff you before dinner. Unfortunately, I wasn't very hungry so I only ordered a small plate of the spicy crab roll. Still delicious, but I would have loved to try something extravagant. My friends plate was so fancy! I don't even remember what he ordered but the presentation was eye catching. I wanted my food to be brought to me in a fancy format! Next time I come here I'm ordering for an army and photographing it all!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,8/23/2014,30,393,3,6,3>Maybe I've watched too many cooking shows but I didn't expect to get a decent vegan meal in a Cajun inspired restaurant. But I was totally wrong. My fiance and I stopped in on a whim after going to happy hour elsewhere. I looked up Jezebel's Bayou's menu online and when I saw there was a vegetarian section, I figured we might as well give it a try.We were seated immediately. The restaurant was about half full on a Friday night. It looked like there were a lot of large, loud parties everywhere. Not saying that's a bad thing. I suppose the spirit of New Orleans calls for a spirited vibe.To start, I ordered a hurricane. I should know better than to order a drink with 151, but whatevs. It was very alcohol-y. They had a very large menu with a ton of specialty drinks. I probably should have ordered something more my speed.For dinner, I ordered vegan jambalaya. Yes, there was a vegan item on the menu and I didn't even have to ask for anything special. Score! And it was some damn good jambalaya. I've attempted to make jambalaya myself but I can't seem to get the flavors right. But this dish? SO good. Lots of rice dishes in restaurants are merely ok, but this one was packed with Cajun flavors. I also have to note that our server Camille was attentive without being overbearing, friendly, and funny! She really made our meal seem special. If I had a restaurant, I'd want a staff of servers like her - people who know their stuff and have a really friendly attitude. This place is definitely worth checking out if you like Cajun food or just want to try something new. Especially if you're a vegan or a vegetarian!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2014,8/22/2014,168,231,1,5,4>This was our stop after we went to the Great Lakes Science museum Yelp event.  Parking cost $5 and we had to walk a bit. I have heard great things about the Nauti Mermaid, but it was mostly about their brunch.  So I suggested to the husband that we try this place out instead of just going home.Good things: really nice bar.  The bartender knows what s/he's doing.  The Rumrunners I had were top notch and were neither too strong nor too weak.  There isn't a kids menu here, so we ordered the child some popcorn shrimp, which was well received, although unremarkable.  My spouse had a Trœgs beer.  The server was super!  She even brought my daughter a sliced orange, even though it wasn't on the menu.  Five stars for service!Mike opted for pasta with sausage and shrimp in a cream sauce with garlic toast slices.  This came with a small side salad.  It was great.  I chose the surf and turf burger; a burger with a crab cake on top, lime aioli, lettuce, onion and a pickle on the side.  I chose onion rings as my side.Upon first impression, I was concerned that the burger would be dry, as cheese and tomatoes were absent.  However; I figured they knew their stuff, and I was correct; the aioli had an extremely subtle hint of lime and really lubed it up.  The meat nor the crab cake themselves were greasy, nor did it taste "fishy" as seafood imported into Ohio sometimes tends to be.  The onion rings!  Oh. My.  Seriously the best I've ever had.  I don't know what they do to them but the texture and seasoning and crunch are heavenly.  Trust me.  There were only four, but wow!  Do yourself a favor and try these gems.  The atmosphere was really nice; during the day, family friendly pub.  Televisions, not too much junk on the walls, yet interesting.  While we dined, a bride and groom stopped in with their wedding party; I took the opportunity to snap a few candid photos.  It really says A LOT when a bride and groom go out of their way to go to a bar/restaurant  of all places...this means it's special.  And I agree.  I suggest skipping salads and digging into the seafood here.  Don't be afraid of the burger and pasta, either.  The atmosphere is very friendly.   I'm really glad I pushed for this place...and I'll be back for brunch and bloody Marys some morning in the near future!!!
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2014,8/21/2014,146,412,5,6,5>Had a chance to stop by Farkas with some friends from out of town. Perfect reason! This store has been in my neighborhood forever and I've been so excited to try them out. We found out about Farkas when my hubs was searching for a dessert to bring to a potluck celebration. He wandered inside this small bakery and got a whole sheet for our gathering. They were super good. The first thing he said about the Farkas guys is that they were really friendly and helpful. I had the same experience when we stopped by yesterday-they are really laid back and down to earth. We got a few napoleons ($3) to share. They are huge! Do not be fooled by the pictures. Napoleons are basically layered desserts with a light crispy dough covered in powdered sugar. Custard and cream are layered in. So refreshing with the right amount of sweetness. Their other desserts look pretty good too.The store itself is pretty homely-just a few small tables. It's mostly a bakery, old school Ohio City style without all the hip typography and fancy glass cases. Keep staying the same, Farkas.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,8/20/2014,16,41,1,5,5>Came here again with my BF for takeout on a weekday. I got the chicken wrap and my BF got the beef wrap (a special on Wednesday). I really liked the wraps, they were better than the rice bowls in my opinion. There was a lot of meat in them too. I loved the flavor of the chicken, and the veggies were really fresh-tasting. The portions were big enough for me, but if you have a big appetite I would recommend getting the maharaji (king) size. We also got a bunch of the mini samosas. We tried each flavor, and I liked them all, but the chicken was probably the best one. I will probably come back again, just because the food is interesting and different and the price is reasonable.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,8/19/2014,15,50,4,6,3>you MUST try this this place out.My new FAV spot in cle- HANDS DOWN!!Amazing patio, great for ppl watching on East 4th and they have a kickass ROOF TOP BAR! SOOOOOOO cool and SOOOOOO not cle lolNow for the food- The wings are a MUST! the meat seriously falls off the bone and they have this awesome spiciness to them.The lamb burger was cooked to perfection, the clams were great (half doz) and the gnocchi was perfect! Every dish they brought out i wanted to try so i will be back for sure!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,8/18/2014,263,228,3,13,5>east ninth and saint clairhideaway of vegan foodIMG buildingSo this little breakfast and lunch spot really rocks some good food.  Aside from the ubiquitous turkey, bacon, and veggie sandwiches and chips, the focus of the offerings are a lot of vegan, raw, and gluten free items. The juice blends are cold pressed fresh and extremely delicious. The soups are outstanding. And the killer is the vegan truffles. Raw cocoa powder, coconut, and other stuff just melt in your mouth. They are as good as can be. And not in the sense of "they are sorta like real truffles", they actually taste better than most "real" ones. The entrance is tricky. You enter the IMG building from E.9th through the revolving doors and then walk straight down the hall past the elevators. Give this place a shot.  Carry on...
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2014,8/17/2014,34,40,4,4,6>Whenever there is a special occasion/birthday me and my boyfriend's family go to Wild Mango.  What I love most about Wild Mango is the presentation in it's décor, ambience, bathroom, and food! It is absolutely beautiful.  The presentation of the food makes you feel like you are eating something special.   There is a variety of dishes that any type of diner will find pleasing. I was dining with a couple of extremely picky eaters (people who only eat hamburgers and pizza...Shameful..I know) and they were  able to find something they enjoyed.  Even though it was extremely hot outside and the air conditioning wasn't working in the private booth we were sitting in, I ordered the Shrimp Curry Noodle Soup. PHENOMENAL!  Everyone at the table was saying "oooh!" and "aaah!" because of the massive size. I especially loved that it was only $14!  Also,  I am the queen of ordering something big enough so that I can have leftovers the next day.....Let's just say I had enough leftovers for two servings...one to eat later on when I got home and one for my lunch the next day =) If you enjoy getting complimentary food, Wild Mango will not disappoint, they offer you bread (brioche or baguette) and a tiny dish of shrimp with mandarin and pesto.  Both were delicious. If you ever have something to celebrate and you don't want to go to some chain restaurant check out Wild Mango
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,8/16/2014,36,140,1,8,5>This place is great.  I had some suits that needed work.  Margaret explained what was possible, and what wasn't.  Essentially, one of my suits could be re-sized, but the other would just look like junk.  I'm glad she was honest rather than taking my money and giving me something sub-par.  The end result of my adjusted suit looked amazing.  She was quick, professional, and even worked a pickup time that could fit into my constantly changing schedule.  The wife and I have a new seamstress!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,8/15/2014,92,94,4,5,6>How do you not love GLBC? I would say it's the cream of the crop when it comes to Cleveland beer. It's a fun place that generally (at least at the bar) has a fun atmosphere and a knowledgeable staff. My boyfriend and I love to come here on days we know we're in for the long haul day drinking. Starting off with a sampler from GLBC will surely set you on the right track. We enjoy tasting all the options and making the other drink the ones we don't really like. It's become a nice seasonal game and fun thing for us to do. We also have lunch. Food has been on par. Nothing great, nothing terrible. It is, in my opinion, a step up from normal bar eats (think Paninis). I've had the pulled pork sandwich which I was not a fan of and more recently tried the pretzel and beer cheese soup. Really liked the pretzel with the mustard varieties and while I wanted to love the soup - I just didn't. It didn't do it for me. Overall very fun places with good memories and fun crowd. I actually want to go as I'm writing this. Would highly recommend this place especially to people from out of town.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,8/14/2014,130,58,3,6,3>Finally got to try Slyman's! It definitely lived up to expectations, the corned beef was sooo good.  I split a Reuben sandwich and fries with a friend and left satisfied and happy.  They PILE on the meat. At $14 the sandwiches are a little steep but I guess they do give you a ton of meat. The service was friendly and super quick. It's been hard for me to make it out there because it was only open M-F during lunch times, but when I went I noticed they have Saturday hours too now. Yay!!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,8/13/2014,44,43,3,9,7>ERRMAGERDDD you guys. Fresh juice in Cleveland. I used to have to pay ridiculous amounts of money of express shipping to get my juices delivered from NYC or LA. Then I bought a juicer and had no idea how to make good juice. Now I'm SOOO SOOO happy that Cleveland is picking up on the juice/raw food trend! I've been here a bunch of times and everything has always been spectacular! Not one thing I didn't like!! Definitely a huge fan of the cashew mylks. The lavender and cocoa ones are the best. I also had some kind of pineapple/mint juice that was really good! If you're going to go for the raw food, I'd suggest the raw cheesecake! So yummy, filling, and HEALTHY!!I know people are saying how expensive it is--but the prices are pretty standard for a juice place like this. If you go to any of the juice places in NYC or LA, you'll find the same prices...so I don't think I'm getting ripped off here. I would be surprised if it was cheap--the high price is just a sign of the high quality juices/food. You have to pay premium for a premium product! If you bought a juicer and fruits/veggies each week to make your own juice, it would also probably come out to the same price per bottle!This place is pretty far from me and kind of out of the way--but guess what, I'm going to be a regular!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,8/12/2014,79,298,3,3,4>As a Clevelander, it's awesome to be able to score some super cheap seats and head to the Jake on a whim, like any day of the week. Small beers are only $4 and some of the cheapest at any professional ball park.  There's no bad seats and the vendors selling beer and hotdogs are more entertaining than the games, each singing their own songs and rhymes to get your $$$. I have been twice already this season and will probably hold off going back until it's warmer, that wind can be nasty! Always a good time here!
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,8/11/2014,353,269,2,6,4>I have enjoyed watching this place flourish. I remember when it was a taco truck a few hundred feet away from their current location. Now, they are in a small retail strip and still seem to be growing! They just swapped out some smaller booths for larger tables for growth! Every time I have been there I have enjoyed the diverse crowd coming and going. The service is amazing-especially if you get the wife. She remembers us and knows what we like. She is very friendly and hospitable. After you order, you seat yourself and the food is delivered. That's it- if you need something else, go order it! No frills but serious eats! The food is a slam dunk! Between me and my kids, we have had almost everything on the menu, which is pretty limited. Limited menu means consistent greatness! We always go for barbacoa quesadillas and maybe a taco, but that is a lot of food. The El Pastor is great, too. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu! They used to serve chips and salsa but they didn't yesterday so that may be a thing of the past, but that's ok! Good Mexican, to me, is adding lime to enhance the flavors, nothing else. Wait time seemed to increase but it's worth it- trust me. They have cans of Coke products, but they don't have ice, which is the only downside because I am an ice chewer, but hey- you can't have everything. They even have coconut drinks. The cake is crazy delicious! We split a piece fours ways just to try it & we have concluded that this place is the real deal.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,8/10/2014,28,58,2,4,3>I would never do my every day shopping here, but I loved going here for lunch when I worked downtown---mostly for the salad bar. They made sure to have all the toppings you want on your salad available, plus I really do think the price is reasonable, especially considering you are downtown. Not in the mood for a salad? The have sushi, you can have them make you a pizza, they have sandwiches and wraps, hot food....it's extremely hard to not be able to find something to eat here.If you live downtown, you should be used to these kinds of prices if you were going to do every day shopping. Not that you could really use this place solely for everything. If I needed just a couple things or wanted to make a really quick trip, I'd go here.I've never had any desserts from here, but every time I go in they look FABULOUS. The staff seems willing to make sure you get what you want as well.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,8/9/2014,144,144,3,7,4>What makes this place so great? It's the only affordable Asian restaurant I'm aware of that doesn't use 'mystery meat.' They actually use fresh chicken, steak and shrimp and cook it up right in front of you. I haven't tried their sushi yet, because I'm so stuck on the hibachi lunch special. You get a protein or two (if you do a combo) and then you can get fried or white rice and veggies (tons of onions, some mushrooms and some other things). I always get the chicken terriaki with fried rice and veggies and it's $6, for a huge portion. They give you a ton of food, definitely enough to share in my opinion. The steak, shrimp and combo's are more, but they are also good and worth the price. Do yourself a favor and try this place if you are a hibachi fan.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,8/8/2014,162,287,7,8,6>Hot dayum this joint is my new jam!As I type up this review, I'm shoveling in last nights leftovers. So BK is pretty much a hole in the wall. But to me that usually translates to AWESOME. I can't say much more than the previous good reviews have thrown down. I'll say this: the oxtail, curry chicken and jerk chicken were all delicious. My favorite was the rice and beans.I'm sad that I only just found Bratenahl Kitchen last night. I'll be a regular now. The owner was seriously nice, too. Also, don't plan to dine in. Take that shizz out!
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,8/7/2014,129,81,2,5,3>I love trying out the new kids in town. RSVP's were up online for Harness Cycle's grand opening. So naturally I decide to grab a friend and check out the hype. Awesome location and staff who were all inviting and informative. The studio space is beautiful. I kinda agree with Kathy, could have been a bigger studio and smaller front area but hey, it is what it is and you just have to play the game of "how bad do you want it". I've already taken 7 classes I think and today signed up for my Birthday Ride (yea!!!) today. (Free ride for your B-day...I love studios who personalize.) Tiffany has stolen my heart. She has gotten me out of bed and to 6am class and also helped me recover from a rough Friday night with a Saturday morning spin. Love her...she will kick your butt but also remember your name after your first hello and motivate you to kill it in class.Now for my bullet points:Street parking * If you get the 20 class pass you can sign up for classes Sunday at noon or otherwise Monday at noon - set your alarm * Running the Bridges - this I do normally but in a group it gives extra motivation and is a great way to meet new peeps on Wednesdays at 6:30pm * Saturday morning yoga the the Transformer Station a block south which I'll be testing out this Saturday with a Tiffany Birthday spin after (Running and yoga both free events!)Long bullets but hey, it needs to be said. This place is a great addition to the thriving area. Best of luck!!!
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,8/6/2014,82,418,3,4,3>Wine Dinner ReviewYes... we still are monthly regular customers... but now they have started to offer wine dinners... once a month... they are closed on Monday but the last Monday of the month is Wine Dinner Night!5 course... 5 wines... lemon infused water (more than a wedge, less than lemonade) was delightful between courses... one long table of wonderful foodies with a different theme each month.Skipping lunch is recommended... we started with Gorgonzola bechemele and ended with berries and cream and cake and nuts and wine.Short Rib tacos and goulash were in the middle.. not combined... and a delightful pork cutlet with a perfectly poached egg.Such a great trip through a wide variety of cuisine... and wine... oh... the wine!Can not wait for next month's... hopefully the weather will warm and it can be held outside!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,8/5/2014,81,226,2,13,5>this is probably the most legit Chinese restaurant in Cleveland. why? because they have freaking real seafood like lobsters and steamed flounders!my friends and I went there right after Chinese new year and this place was packed. we waited for 45 minutes even with a reservation. the service was pretty good, albeit their busy schedule. they may not be as busy during other times tho. food recommended: lobster with ginger and scallions - pretty good, no other comment. one small lobster is prob 24 bucks and one large one is prob 50+. hot basil chicken - this is not really a Chinese dish but it was really really good!! steamed flounder - you have to order a steamed fish dish there because there is no where else in Cleveland as far as I know that has this kind of dish, very authentic. pork shank- this baby is huge! I thought the flavor was pretty close to the ones I had in China but I think the skin could be a littleee more fried and the color could be darker. the sauteed squid or spare ribs were both pretty meh - not recommended. the sour and spicy potato slices is a pretty Chinese dish that I didn't see anywhere else in Cleveland, highly recommended! walnut shrimp - this is not a mainland dish I suppose, maybe a Taiwanese thing? but it was ok its kinda cold. beef noodle chao niu he - this is a really Chinese dish as well, pretty well done!as you can tell, this restaurant is pretty much like a real restaurant that can survive in China. It is also not very MSG charged, unlike Szechuan and wonton, which showed their confidence in their dishes. thumbs up!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,8/4/2014,40,84,1,6,4>After an afternoon of shopping, a friend and I decided we were craving tacos, so we made the drive to Barrio! If you walk away from this review remembering only one thing, it should be this: get the Stoner shell. When we walked in, Barrio was super crowded (happy hour will do that), but we were able to be squeezed into a table for two immediately. Not much seating room, so I was constantly getting bumped by the table behind me and we were trying to make ourselves as small as possible! Since it was so crowded, our waiter took a while to arrive, by which point we had already filled out our order forms. Protip: bring a pen or pencil into Barrio. It'll make your life easier. To start the meal, we each ordered a margarita to go with our chips and salsa. The margarita was pretty good, but the flavors didn't really stand out. It tasted more like a regular margarita than blood orange (hers) and pomegranate (mine). The same for the Marygold's, which sounded tasty, but didn't have much flavor. I adore chorizo, so I immediately gravitated towards that when building my tacos. All the options can make it a bit overwhelming, so I appreciated the suggested tacos, but those didn't have the ingredients that called to me, so I tried my hand at making my own. Definitely fun! I loved being able to pile up a couple of the salsas and toppings :) The tacos appear small when they come out, but they are filling. I ended up eating four (I caved and got a special after I had already made my orders and then I'm pretty sure they messed up one of my tacos, so I remade it), and I almost regret that decision. Almost. But seriously, two is enough. Favorite components: the stoner shell, the chipotle crema, and the chorizo. Quick summary: loud, potentially overwhelming, and the margaritas are underwhelming, but building your own taco is super fun and they present an opportunity for some very creative combinations! GET THE STONER SHELL. Barrio is a place I have to visit again just to try all the possible taco combinations!
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,8/3/2014,10,190,1,6,5>Being the ridiculous insomniac that I am, the only way I can get to sleep is usually by drinking a strong glass of wine. In doing so, there's very few wineries I've not visited & even fewer I would return to. However, unWined is a place I can see myself frequenting :) It is truly unique & I mean that in the best way possible! Our waitress, Amanda, was so adorable & perfectly attentive.  I did not catch the other womans name ( I think she might be the owner..she's Irish/Italian) but she was equally as pleasant and interesting to speak with. The atmosphere is bright, vibrant, & colorful- they have handmade games at some of the tables for anyone to enjoy, this really neat wall art piece made out of wine corks, and the food & wine selection was like nothing I've ever tried/seen before. The wine list offered a delicious 'G-Forestglen Moscato' that I have never seen on any other wine list. You'll enjoy this greatly if you prefer sweet/white wines. My husband & I started off our adventure with the grape pizza & lemon ricotta; both starters were absolutely amazing! The lemon ricotta is light & refreshing while the pizza was sweet and tangy; delicious!!!! Yet these two plates made us even hungry for more & we ended up ordering the milk stout & 'small f/c & meat plate'; again, delicious! I can't wait to go back & try their pulled pork pizza & grandma cake :)
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,8/2/2014,99,118,2,7,5>Great hidden mom and pop shop in Old Brioklyn. Authentic Salvadoran food. I got the Papusas to go. Pork, chicken, and loroco. I was stuffed. Could have just eaten two. The cole slaw was medium heat and home made salsa. If you are looking for authentic Central American this is your spot. Small dining area if you want to eat in or get it to go.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,8/1/2014,110,405,6,6,5>The other reviews pretty much nailed it, for a gas station- killer beer selection. It's almost unfathomable. I stop here on party nights coming home from Lake County at midnight or as today, in the middle of the day. That's the thing. For 24 hour service you can go to BP( Coors or Miller anyone?) or 117th Giant Eagle(hi, can someone ring out my stupid alcohol order?). Honestly, they can't make a thing that scans your drivers license for beer purchases without involving some minimum wage creature feature? The word convenient fails this establishment. It is BEYOND convenient. As someone who works third shift, I give super mega props to these employees. They are ten times the worker you get at a shithole like Marc's. I love this place, I love the workers, I love being awake when all you 9-5 lame sucks are asleep. We rule the night and we're drunk as shit.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,7/31/2014,128,99,9,14,8>I first met pastry chef Britt-Marie Culey at the Sunday Market in Hingetown and again at one of the summer Cleveland Flea. The pistachio eclair is probably one of my favorites, it's your normal eclair pastry with a double dose of pistachio flavor. One of my favorite things are these confections called macarons. It's pretty much a meringue-based sweet cookie. Fancy, huh ? I been to a lot of places trying macarons from all over. She makes the best macarons in this city. Hands down.I'm happy the small café is now finally open. They have a bar, open seating, beers on tap, bubbly, coffee, and amazing charcuterie on fancy silver platters. And not all the flavors mentioned on the website is going to be in the store, so I highly recommend special ordering some of them. Also, if you're in the store, please check out the amazing pieces of artwork by NYC transplant, Cleveland local, Jessica Coven [jessicacoven.com] She works there on some nights and all of the artwork you see inside is done by her. And she's pretty awesome.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,7/30/2014,9,39,1,6,3>The observation deck of the Terminal Tower is amazing.  It's very hard to find out about, as there is no advertising, but the views from up there are second to none.  We need to advertise this so the tourists can enjoy this and get a great view of our city and realize how big Lake Erie really is.  Plus it's cheap to go up there.  The sky deck at Willis Tower in Chicago is about $20, and this is only $5.  It's really hard to complain about that in my opinion.  So....... just go up there and enjoy the view of our wonderful city.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,7/29/2014,55,71,3,3,2>This hotel is fabulous! So much nicer, cleaner, and more stylish than any other chain hotel in Cleveland! I got married at the Natural History Museum, so I had my wedding guests stay here. I also stayed here the night before my wedding. The hotel rooms are small, but comfortable. The decor is warm and welcoming. Everything is VERY clean! The lobby and common areas are beautiful and the little bar next to the lobby is great. The bartender was so much fun! I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,7/28/2014,63,65,2,9,5>Fills my stomach with food I long for.One thing I miss about Southern California is the abundance of Mexican food. Let me clarify, when I say "Mexican food" I mean cuisine cooked in the styles of northern and southern Mexico and Baja California, not Tex Mex or southwestern-whatever. I haven't found a place that primarily serves authentic Mexican, but El Carnicero comes pretty darn close. This place has excellent food, and the flavors of some dishes bring back flavors of nostalgia with a twist. I definitely recommend El Carnicero if your looking for some excellent Mexican-ish food.  They have a GREAT tequila selection, and the margaritas are some of the best I've ever had. If your new to the area (like me) here's a tip: taquitos are not those deep fried, rolled up, pathetic taco fingers you find in the frozen food section. Here, taquitos are soft tacos with plenty of tortilla refills and a generous portion of your desired protein. PS-Go to happy hour and get TWO orders of the wild boar nachos...oh my lord.PPS-They do sell the the lucha libre masks. So pick one up.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,7/27/2014,23,256,,6,1>Not entirely sure what's going on with this place.  When I drive by, I see a lit "open" sign in the window, but the website hasn't been working, there haven't been any recent updates on their Facebook page, and when I called last week to order a cake, no one returned my call.  It's disappointing to me because I was pretty excited to have a reason to buy from this great little neighborhood bakery.  I hope this bout of bad customer service was a fluke, because I'd really like them to stick around!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,7/26/2014,13,36,1,4,2>The best tasting cupcakes in the city of Cleveland.  I've  given other shops the opportunity to impress me but no one has come close to this place.  I hate cupcakes that are over powered by their butter cream frosting but you're not going to find that here.  Their cupcakes are well balanced and don't leave you feeling like you're eating a large glob of sugar (even though you are).  Their frosting is light, airy, and flavorful and not grainy, buttery, and sugary (yuk!). Give then a try and see for yourself.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,7/25/2014,11,64,2,4,1>Been coming here since it opened. Strong micro beer lineup. Took a few moths off and came back in recently. Lots of great burger options. Menu hasn't changed much, but that's ok. You will find a burger you like for sure. I like the Hippy, it has home made blue cheese coleslaw and Tangy BBQ sauce on their pretzel bun.  I had to try it, but now I'm in love. Try the Beer Engine Marzian ale if they have it. Been my favorite from this brewer since his last place. Lots of other pub favorites too. Meatloaf. Fish and chips and a Cleveland sausage platter. Kind of "kichy" decor. The tap handles under all the beer bottles round the room are very cool. Wish I had that collection in my man cave. A twenty something crowd with two big tv's always tuned to sports. I don't feel weird as an older businessman in here having a burger and a beer.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,7/24/2014,72,123,2,4,2>MMMMMMMM! Finally got to go back to Maxi's at a time that wasn't during The Feast! Calamari Pasta and Funghi Pizza were just as I remembered... So delicious! My sister and I were able to sit outside in the front, which is great for people watching if you don't mind the traffic.Service was okay, and the outdoor seating is a little squished. But all that was forgotten considering the heavenly food we were eating.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,7/23/2014,152,102,,6,2>Love this place! It's been awhile since I've gotten a tattoo here, but I will be back for my next one! Adam did a phenomenal job! The shop is very clean and there's a lot of custom art from the artists on the wall, which is a relief from the places that only have books. If you're looking for a high quality, clean place that has amazing artists, go here!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,7/22/2014,86,287,3,3,2>Lakewood is getting pretty ridiculous, you guys. I can barely walk down a half-block without being visually assaulted by some new restaurant. Then I'm forced to cross the street to get a smell of what's cookin', and then I'm pressured by my stomach to actually go inside and buy some food. DAMN MY INTERNAL DESIRES. Anyway, I hadn't been here before under this name (it was 54 West or something a couple years ago?) and hit this joint with a few pals before a show one night. They suggested it, and I'm reeeeeally glad they did. The burgers here were top-notch and among the best I've had in all of the Cleveland diaspora. And the fries, my god, the fries. They were like McDonald's fries on steroids, that's how good they were. Their beer selection was pretty good too, for such a small place. I will definitely be back.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,7/21/2014,13,160,,4,2>I am very excited to find a place that sells falafel in Lakewood - besides Aladdins. I've felt recently that Aladdins just wasn't that great and was definitely over-priced.. Enter Falafel Xpress! This place doesn't necessarily serve the best falafel I've ever eaten but it is tasty and fresh! The menu is huge, with a good variety of Middle Eastern and American foods so that everyone can find something. They also offer lots of sides like hummus, tabbouleh, fries, etc. I'd advise that you stick to the Mid East food becasue that's what they specialize in! We got some mozzarella sticks as a side and they were pretty disappointing but honestly, I'm not sure why we thought they'd be great. They're definitely not there to cook those - they're there to make falafel! Food prices are reasonable and things are made pretty quickly. It's not as fast as the Chiptole next door, of course, but it's quick. Very nice staff, very helpful! Overall, I liked it and will be going back. I wasn't blown away but I was satisfied. I realy liked the tabbouleh - very lemony! The hummus was decent but, like the falafel, it's not my favorite. Still, it's a good addition to Lakewood and I'm happy that it's so close to me!
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,7/20/2014,7,97,1,4,2>Americano really is a hidden gem, which I only discovered recently. I've been there twice now and the food was outstanding each time. The menu is mouthwatering and innovative --  the clay pot baked shrimp and crispy calamari are fantastic appetizers, and the fancy chicken mac n cheese and duck breast are great mains. Americano has an ambiance you don't come across often these days -- situated on the ground floor of a luxury apartment complex, the dining room has an old-fashioned feel to it, no music playing, just the sound of diners chatting quietly. This isn't a good place to bring kids; many of the diners seem to be older couples who live in these complexes. Americano is the perfect place for a classy, leisurely meal and dinner conversation, followed by a stroll down to the lake. 4 stars instead of 5 because the service varied -- we had a fantastic waiter the first time, but the second time we had a gum-chewing waiter who neglected to tell us the evening's specials and looked like he didn't want to be there.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,7/19/2014,82,187,,6,3>We trekked through one of the many 2014 snow storms to be greeting by a calming environment and a warm fireplace.  It was a Tuesday, so the place was filled just enough.  We started with Balsamic and Rosemary chips which had great flavor and snackability, and the boys chose some cured meat plate (KOBE CARPACCIO) which wasn't appealing to me that night, however that went down before I could even decide if I wanted to venture out.  For my meal, I got the plain jane of the menu, fresh pasta and meatballs (PAPAREDELLE E POLPETTE).  It was actually just one meatball, so I had to be wise with how I rationed it.  Everything was delicious, the portion was perfect, as it left me full without having to roll out of the car in my driveway.  I should mention the warm bread dipped in their olive oil was also fanatic.  Smooth, soft, and light.  As they place one slice on each person's plate, that eliminates my need for eating the whole basket of whatever is in front and saving my stomach for the good stuff.Great service, atmosphere and food.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,7/18/2014,71,29,2,7,2>The owner greeted us as soon as we walked in and was checking up on us the whole time. Plus we got to try a complimentary piece of cake to start off with! The cake was moist, fluffy, and not too sweet.  The food was perfect comfort breakfast food. You can't beat the American breakfast for $2.50! I would recommend they have more signature dishes because overall the choices are standard breakfast choices. It tastes great but the decor is really what stands out. You feel like you're eating in your wacky grandma's living room but it's neat. The only downside was, although they were nice, the waiters seemed to be learning and thus we had to keep asking for lots of things. Definitely a gem in old Brooklyn!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,7/17/2014,100,260,2,6,4>This is my all-time favorite stand to shop at in any farmers market. I've seen the SpiceHound guy at both the Coit Road market and the Downtown Arcade market. I always find something new to try (black lava salt, lavender, Caribbean Curry) as well as stock up on all my cooking staples (curry, paprika, etc.). Almost all of the spices are $1 and come in small labeled baggies, which makes it easy to try lots of new things. My favorite item is "A Salt With A Deadly Pepper", because I love both all things spicy and puns. It's a seasoning salt with ghost chili and habanero, and it's pretty fantastic sprinkled over fish tacos.I think it would be cool if I could ever stump the SpiceHound guy with an ingredient he didn't have, but I don't think that's even possible.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,7/16/2014,88,296,,5,3>I admit, it had been a while since I'd been to Le Petit Triangle.  It's sometimes a hard sell, especially from me because the only descriptive words I could remember were "French, Small and Crepes".  Honestly, it was so much more than that though!  We had to scour through the French dotted menu to identify what we wanted to order.  The hardest part was in the decision.First our Bloody Mary's came, and they were honestly delicious.  They tasted like a special recipe, with just a little bit of bite and a more hearty taste than is typical.  For our Sunday brunch entree, we got a "make your own" omelette and one of the croque/sandwiches.  All the ingredients were fresh and the bechemel was amazing.  It made the entire meal feel rich and decedent.  The portions were also "just right".  They weren't huge Applebees plate fulls, but considering the quality and the richness, we walked away perfectly happy and full.  Our service was prompt (even with us being outside) and helpful.  I also loved seating on their tiny little patio.  It felt like a mini vacation.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,7/15/2014,53,86,2,8,6>Went here after a yelp event and as soon I looked at the menu I thought whew just a little on the higher side of what I wanted to pay, because all I wanted was a good happy hour. Let me start again.....When I walked in I was greeted by this rustic interior with very high ceilings and super comfortable chairs that were just amazing. We were seated at the tables and the server was very attentive, but upon glancing at the menu my spirit dampered, because I just wanted a good happy hour spot, so we decided to leave and search the downtown area for our next restaurant victim. After exiting out the door the Manager came out and asked us how our experience was and presented us with cute little coupon cards for our next visit. We asked about happy hour and he explained that have late happy hour hours from 7:30-9:30 at the bar only and invited us to come back in and take a look at the menu.We obliged and it was the best decision we could have made. We ended up with a bar full of meatballs, arancini, mussels, calamari fritte, and I had a nice birra! The arancini and mussels blew me away and the vingeratte sauce they served with calamari was soooo good. Everything was aromatic and foodgasmic!!! The service was excellent as well. Our bartender chatted with us and answered any questions we had and made us feel really comfortable. I couldn't have been happier or any fuller. The swirling activities around us, the light music, the laughter and lights: There was just something comfortable about this place. They succeeded in making me feel completely satisfied. I will definitely be back in the next few weeks to use my surprise coupon and enjoy a wonderful meal.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,7/14/2014,42,64,,9,5>Wow. After reading all of the stellar reviews, we had to try this place out last night. Our favorite spot in Cleveland is by far the Velvet Tango Room, and anyone who has gone there, knows their drinks are as good as it gets. Porco came in a close second. The mixology here is amazing. They do not serve super sweet, beachy drinks. Don't be fooled by the amazing flavors though, these drinks will kick your butt so pace yourself. We really did not even look at the menu, we just asked our server (who was awesome) what her faves were and we tried those. Everything was great. The painkiller was definitely just that!! The Lugh was probably my favorite. I could drink that all. day. long.  It is super dark and hazy in here, which is perfect for the amount of liquor in each drink. The mugs on the wall are super fun and the boob mugs were def our table favorite. They play very turn of the century music, which completely does not match the decor, which only makes the place even more awesome. Seriously, just go to this place. Order the servers favorite drink and you will not be disappointed.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,7/13/2014,215,581,3,6,4>Love, love, LOVE. I'm afraid the owners may think I'm an obsessed stalker by how many times I've posted to their Facebook page and visited the store in the last month (although, to be fair, I'm not alone in this). I got a wicker porch chair for $49 (with brand-new paint job and a nice cushion) a couple Saturdays ago, and then went back for a French provincial dresser the next damn day. The shop is clean and smells nice (important) and they do a lot of refinishing/spruce-up jobs themselves. A lot of the pieces have been painted cool colors. They have everything from knick-knacks to mirrors to table and chair sets to couches...and pretty much everything in between. I might have to start paying them rent if I continue going there as much as I have been!
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,7/12/2014,47,56,4,9,4>"Red, The Steakhouse," is in fact, the steakhouse and not just a steakhouse.  Diners are greeted immediately by smiling, courteous maitre d's and escorted to a modern and mildly luxurious dining room.  The walls are decorated in red, mahogany, and  mirrors, with one side offering a look into their room filled with a wide selection of wines through glass windows.  As I sat down, I wondered if the waitress would take my napkin and place it on my lap for me and then hand me an opened menu.  That did not happen and was in a way comforting, because I knew I might have a chance of enjoying excellent food without any pretentious overtones.  I would not have to worry that my laughter would be too loud for the potentially snobby diner seated next to me.  I would be free to enjoy my food for the food.  Don't misunderstand, as the the service was indeed superb.Having just visited Ken Stewart's East Bank, I ordered very similar dishes including oysters, USDA prime aged filet mignon, lobster tail, and a brussel sprout side.  Everything about Red was better, from service, presentation, and taste to the price and overall ambiance.  You are offered sauce with your steak, but I preferred my steak just as it was.  The sear on the outside was just right with a crunchy, herb crust.  The inside was true to the restaurant's name, red (I order my steaks med. rare).  And although the restaurant is not known for seafood, the lobster was impeccably tender and flavorful.    Oysters had a substantial bite and were served topped with some pickled onions (cocktail sauces was, of course, available upon request).  While I would normally order a chocolate dessert, I decided to try the fried doughnuts after reading some reviews.  They are absolutely to die for if enjoyed immediately while they are still fresh and hot.  And just like an unadulterated steak, try the doughnuts as they are without the provided accompaniments of sauces.  The combination of the powdered sugar, warm fried goodness, and slightly chewy interior is just the delightful way end to a perfect meal.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,7/11/2014,120,68,3,5,4>I'm not going to lie, I love colorful fishies, stinky turtles, slippery sting rays and glow in the dark jellyfish.  All of which, I got to see at my visit to the Cleveland aquarium.  The shark tank/tunnel is an experience you don't want to miss.  Looking up into the water and seeing a shark gliding right past you, can give you the chills. You might even see another fish attached to the larger sharks, nature at its best. It is always an interesting walk through at the aquarium, where I get to pretend I'm not in Cleveland anymore.  I definitely recommend visiting the Aquarium once or twice, parking is 6 bucks so it's not too steep.  You can always find parking on the street though!!!  I would also look for coupons though or specials through schools, work or websites.  I'm not sure if its worth 20 bucks to see an entire section about Ohio fish, ENJOY!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,7/10/2014,95,107,4,9,5>Let me preface this by saying I'm not a hot dog kind of gal. These are the real deal though. The kind with the casing that snaps when you bite into em. Might I even say that they're better than that other hot dog place?Anyways, went here last night after trying to get into fatheads. They had an hour wait, forget that. Walked right in to whiskey dogg and got served right away. They have a smaller, but decent beer selection and everything is decently priced. I ordered the Seoul dog and it was delicious! So were the fries and beer cheese dip. And all together, it cost my friend and I $30 with tip. You can't find a better deal on a Saturday night! Oh, and the artwork on the walls is fantastic! Plus I liked that they played decent music in the background-without it being overstated. I heard some old Rancid and was brought back to high school in an instant.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,7/9/2014,24,107,1,8,3>Stopped in for a quick breakfast and it was good; not sure how much I have to say. I will do my best...Small-ish  interior, but comfortable. place wasn't super crowded, so we were seated and served promptly. I ordered the breakfast special - two eggs, bacon and focaccia bread. Everything was good, if not spectacular. I did like the glazed bacon. My wife had the vanilla French toast and even though sweet breakfast us not my bag, it was good. Coffee was good, too. A tad expensive, but not bad.So all in all, another good place to have morning grub.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,7/8/2014,178,357,5,9,6>Have not been here since I was 18, super pumped when I realized it was still open and under the same great ownership! THis was my go-to a decade ago and just may re-acquire the throne for places to eat breakfast.Coffees not the best, not the worst and the food is pretty much what you ask for and expect. There is no mind blowing menu that you will catch yourself staring blindly at for 20 minutes trying to decide what to order. It is a self- sustaining business that survives on a good customer base and supreme clientele, just like GFK. It is family owned and operated and that has a presence throughout the place. It is one of those places you almost have the feel you can talk to anyone in the place comfortably. Like I said, it has a lot of sentimental value behind it for me and great memories "of the highest grade!" :)
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,7/7/2014,14,54,7,10,2>I was originally going to go to another soul food place until I found out they do not have po' boys. Um, ex-squeeze me???So by chance, we saw Mama Joyce's and stopped in.Ordered the pork po' boy and mac n cheese.The po' boy was slammin. Very sloppy and messy but indeed delish. The sauce is tangy, sweet with a hint of kick (heat) to it. The slaw was yummy as well.*Sigh* I think I will forever be on a quest to find the perfect mac n cheese (aside from my own, of course). They gave me a nice amount and it wasn't terrible, it just wasn't "omg yassss" and I've been searching for that for years. Ho Hum.Still, at $6, I'm pleased. It hit the spot, it was good and they were quick with my order.Like Arnold Schwarzenegger. - "I'll be bock".
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,7/6/2014,8,79,,8,1>This place has excellent Indian food that is very fresh with large portions too. More importantly, the prices are very fair compared to other Indian places in the area. For example, Chicken Tikka Masala, garlic naan, and rice will run you about $10-11 here. If you were at Cafe Tandoor the same meal would easily be over $20. I've been here around 4 times now and will continue to come back! Definitely worth a try if you are craving some Indian Food!
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,7/5/2014,46,454,7,9,7>Updating my 5 star review for the Beachland Brunch and as a club itself.  They just had the Sonics play an aniversary show here and that alone was worth 5 stars.  And as far a brunch goes I know it no easy feat to give up half of every Sunday to wait on people who dress like they were on the show Blossom and whine about the dietary restrictions they put ON THEMSELVES.  If you look at the low-star reviews its from vegans and Morrisey fans..I would be miserable too.  Dont take it out on the employees that you suck.  These people work hard and people who have never worked in the industry should realize you cant have your ass kissed all the time, sweetheart.  In this day and age when every little mousy, college kid had some crazy dietary limit its hard and daunting to be a server.  But the food and drinks here are solid and I always have a great time and leave buzzed and full.  Try the scrapple..
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,7/4/2014,336,288,6,10,7>Round the world and home againThat's the sailor's wayFaster faster, faster fasterThere's no earthly way of knowingWhich direction we are goingThere's no knowing where we're rowingOr which way the river's flowingMitchell's Homemade Ice Cream has arrived in Ohio City. Queue the trumpets. Part those clouds and kick those angels in the ass to get them singing. When it comes to Northeast Ohio ice cream there are really two contenders in my book, The Honey Hut and Mitchell's. It simply doesn't get any better.While I don't always eat ice cream, when I do I like to make it local and fresh. Mitchell's is both. They use local cream from local dairies. They source free-trade when they are able and everything's made right there in the kitchen that's on full view for everyone to see. Gleaming stainless steel. Huge mixers. Shiny sinks. White tiles. This place is a mecca to ice cream and cleanliness. I love not having to wonder where in the hell my ice cream was made or under what questionable circumstances it was packaged. Now let's get to the ice cream. As others have said, it's the real deal. No artificial anything in this stuff and you can taste the difference. Smooth, creamy, sweet but not over-the-top high fructose syrupy sweetness. We split the buckeye sundae. Peanut butter ice cream, chocolate fudge, chocolate shavings and fresh whipped cream. Cherry on top. Dee-lish-uss. We wandered over to the freezers where they keep the ice cream cakes and other goodies and what to my wondering eyes should appear but a pint of Porter Chocolate Chunk. That's right, ice cream made with Great Lakes Brewing Company Edmund Fitzgerald Porter and chunks of chocolate. Does it get any better? I submit that it cannot.I can't think of a single bad thing to nitpick about Mitchell's. You want cheap? There are plenty of chain options. You want fast? Find a drive through. You want some of the best ice cream you'll ever shove in your feed hole? Get your ass to Mitchell's. Hell, it doesn't have to be *this* Mitchell's, there are others. Just get to one now before you come to your senses and realize that you'll have to spend two more hours on the elliptical trainer after you have some. Don't worry, your soul will thank you for it.P.S.Don't be shy about asking for samples of the goods. They actually encourage sampling. And if you've got an idea for a new flavor they've even got a suggestion box for just such moments of inspiration.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,7/3/2014,22,59,1,7,5>Went to the Cork and Cleaver last night with my wife.  I had been reading about it and anticipating it for a while now but couldn't quite bring myself to go to a pricier restaurant when I'm usually perfectly happy with hole-in-the-wall ethnic restaurants.  It was my birthday so we decided to splurge a little.  The reviews on this place have been helpful in anticipating what to expect from this restaurant and do a better job explaining about things than I will do.  Some other observations:- I am amazed that a restaurant of this caliber is in the Broadview Heights, as opposed to Tremont.  The indoor setting really gives off the hip urban vibe that Broadview Heights completely lacks.  Outside, you totally would miss it amidst an old fashioned strip mall.  This place deserves its own building and a higher trafficked location, but I'm grateful for the close proximity and ease of parking compared to places in Tremont.- lights are a little dim for my tastes.  It was hard to shoot pictures of the beautiful plating there and the pictures below make it seem brightly lit.  It isn't.  Nice to have candles on the table though.- Wait staff was polite, but I would have expected them to ham it up a little bit more, seeing as the restaurant is a new place.  The owner did not stop by, which I was pretty disappointed by, but I guess one of them was in the kitchen preparing food.  Reading the other reviews, it seems like this was a common experience.  There was one fellow who stopped by to ask how our food was but our mouths were full and we were only able to nod "yes" it was good.  - fantastic music selection.  This is unusual for me, because I like a certain segment of popular songs.  I was really surprised by this because I usually don't pay attention to this in restaurants.- loved loved loved the chicken wings.  These were prepared in a completely unique way and I loved them.  I was a little bit less enthused when we realized that the fried chicken we ordered was prepared the same way as the wings.  It was still good, but I probably would have ordered something else was different if I knew it was going to be the same style.- The server thought I said "Caesar salad" and brought it to me instead of the "C&C salad" that I ordered.  He corrected it after we brought it to his attention but there were some awkward moments when we told him.  It seemed that he relaxed more as the meal went on.  I personally think it'd be wise for them to change the name of the C&C salad to something more distinctive from Caesar so these mix ups don't happen as often.- Loved the spaetzal in the Paprikash- wished there was more of it.  The Mac and Cheese was ok, but Lolitas was significantly better.  The cheese was slightly grainy and I was expecting it to be in a casserole format.  Enjoyed the playful "brick" of braised pork shoulder.- I had a gin citrus type drink w/ some egg white in it.  It was pretty good.  They didn't cheap out on the gin.  Wasn't sure if the egg white was necessary.  For $8 it was ok- I might be fine w/ water in the future.- my favorite part of the evening was the incredible pear pot pie.  Wow.  What a way to end the dinner.  Delicious flaky crust w/ a well seasoned pear/raisin filling and a scoop of delicious vanilla ice cream.  Tasted fantastic w/ some caramel popcorn on the side.  I'd order this again definitely.So, overall, I would say this was a 4.5 star visit.  Some issues that came up but there's a .5 star bonus because this amazing restaurant is in my own city.  I hope it thrives.  I plan to be back and make my way through the menu.  We are considering just ordering appetizers and desserts next time.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,7/2/2014,34,59,1,4,4>Met some friends here for dinner yesterday.  The restaurant had a surprisingly upscale feeling to it despite it's location (movie theater parking lot next to a Quaker Steak and Lube).  They even had a patio and a fire pit going... which would have been sweet if it was just a little warmer outside.After checking in on Yelp I realized that I was entitled to a free "Duck Fat Popcorn" appetizer... so we ordered that along with our drinks.  They had a GREAT beer menu.  I'm more of a stout beer drinker and they had several good stout's on the menu.Food was very good and surprisingly cheap.  All of our bills were under $25 for two beers each plus a dinner.  I had the "Yucatan BBQ Pork Tacos" and they were very tasty :-PThinking about it more, this would be a perfect place for a date.  More character and upscale atmosphere than chain restaurants... not too expensive... and it's right next to one of the best movie theaters in Cleveland!Overall impression: nice atmosphere, good beer menu, moderate prices, great place for a date.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,7/1/2014,76,89,2,3,2>OMFG! This is it! This is what I have been searching for, for the past 3.5 years in Cleveland! I have found it. I have found the Gold Star Diner of Cleveland!! (those of you from Massachusetts, and specifically Worcester, MA know what I am talking about)Let's get one thing straight - there is a BIG difference between a breakfast place and a good down to earth diner. Just because a place calls itself a diner doesn't mean it is one - there are a few key characteristics it has to meet to really fit the bill.1) Solidly good food - They make eggs. They make bacon. They make Hash Browns. They make Corned Beef Hash. They make Pancakes. And they do it all without F*****g it all up. Check.2) Price - They make these said eggs and toast and serve them to you without leaving a hole in your wallet. CHECK. (2.65 breaka speacial if you show up before 9....)3) Unpretentiousness - You order, and you get your food. You want a substitution? You got it. You want to be an ass? You get shown the door. Meals are not qualified by lengthy stories of the heritage of chicken wherin your eggs came from. Good service, good food, without the slightest bit of pretense. CheckNow if I could only figure out to way to convince them to move closer to W9th.....
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,6/30/2014,99,92,2,6,3>this is the place to be. i don't understand why classes here aren't packed, because they should be, because the teachers are great. i'll just count my blessings though and continue to enjoy the cozy light filled studio with the other students who do make it here.i've been to a few different classes now, and i've been pretty satisfied with most of them. the classes are as advertised, ie slow, power, open level, etc. as with any studio, there are different teachers, with different styles. so just because you like or don't like one of the teachers/classes, doesn't mean you should be hating on the whole thing. i really like becca's classes, and i've sort of developed a little girl crush on her (!).. :Dmy only complaint is that, even though i know power classes are supposed to be up beat, i wish they would use music other than pop or top 40s. ehhh.. it's just that everyone's tastes are different, and then sometimes the teacher changes the song that you really like right in the middle of it, or you hate a song and it's played twice during the class on the teacher's playlist. everyone can pretty much get down with new age-y flowy stuff but the pop music can be distracting :/also, i'm going to be making an appointment for a massage soon. i here theresa is wonderful and i can't wait!lastly, practicing here is easy on the budget. sure, they don't have classes all hours of the day, but for what they have, the monthly unlimited fee is way generous.i hope to coming here for a long time :)
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,6/29/2014,48,114,,4,3>I look forward to coming back here. The relaxing, cozy vibe and the extremely friendly staff gave me a warm and fuzzy feel. I can see my boyfriend, some friends and I spending a Friday night getting toasty with their awesome selection of wine and spirits. The prices here are pretty reasonable and comparable to other bars similar. Definitely worth a stop if your in the area. I hear the food is pretty good too!
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,6/28/2014,64,38,2,4,2>I can't say enough about Big Fun. The nostalgia is overwhelming at times. Every nook, cranny, crevice, and corner is packed with amazingness that sends me right back to my childhood. Ninja Turtle figurines, 1st gen Nintendo, Atari, Power Rangers, comic books, pop rocks & other candies, and the list goes on. I have spent more time than I should probably admit perusing the immense selection that they have collected over the years. The prices range from decent to very high, just depending on what you're looking for. But, they all seem justified & based somewhat on a supply & demand function. For those that aren't as interested in returning to the 80s & 90s, there is a more "adult" section in the back left corner, with cards, funny gifts, and more, most of which are overtly sexual. All in all, this place is great. Check it out. You will not be disappointed.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,6/27/2014,36,20,4,9,4>ABSOLUTELY adore! And whenever I am looking for something specific, I seem to magically find it at Deering! (and it also helps that the owner is wonderfully talented at finding just that special something!)The latest was during my search for a "Rita Hayworth" style Navy dress for a ship christening. After a fun search through the collection, I came upon the PERFECT find: a navy blue with white trim 40's number which was the perfect match for a navy trench, ribbed tights, red shoes and a red bucket hat :)Always a pleasure shopping at Deering :)
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,6/26/2014,7,72,2,5,4>I have been here numerous times, my husband and I went on a spree where we were going here almost every weekend a while ago because it is so good for the price. The sushi is fresh and you can see them make it in front of you, unlike a lot of buffets. They don't keep a large amount out at one time and they fill it quickly. The lunch special is unreal, it's like $11 for the whole buffet. My husband loves the seaweed salad too and they have a whole section with Asian style cooked food, and a hibachi. The cooked food is fantastic as well, you really can't go wrong. They even have a whole deserts section that are pretty good. The bar section is a really cool place to hang out, they have a large fish tank and some tv's. We like to go and hang out for a while and eat, drink, relax, and eat some more. Service has never been bad, but it's a buffet so nothing spectacular there. The one and only reason this didn't get 5 starts from me is because I have are at some terrific sushi restaurants and let me say, the sushi is really great here, but when you go to a really nice restaurant and have theirs, you can tell a difference. I will absolutely be back here, great food, great price and great atmosphere.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,6/25/2014,30,99,,7,3>Went here with a buddy of mine after hearing rave reviews from co-workers. I must say that any place where you can get a meal for two at $12 that isn't from an assembly line at a fast food joint merits a great review for that alone. The papusas were freshly made, warm, and delicious. Clearly this place is a great find...I would say that the only thing missing from the food would be an equally delicious sauce on the side.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,6/24/2014,342,426,2,7,5>The new addition to the Piccadilly business is quite astounding.I've always been a fan of Piccadilly and have always loved how they used fresh and local ingredients to their frozen yogurt. When I heard that they were opening up an ice cream shop in university circle, I just HAD to go.This location is much different than their previous frozen yogurt locations. In fact, they mostly serve all ice cream. They still have the freshest ingredients, down to the eggs coming from a local Amish farm nearby, but the concept is different- they use liquid nitrogen.WHAT?! said the chemistry geek in me. Liquid nitrogen? Oh man, I have got to see this! It's quite interesting- you choose the flavor and toppings that you want, they grab a mixing bowl, and add the ingredients in front of you. They then start their kitchenaid mixer as well as the liquid nitrogen...the liquid nitrogen causes a cloud to appear above the mixer- and then bam- out comes an amazing cup of ice cream.We took one bite of our ice cream choice and was floored- wow, it was SOOOOOO creamy! Really good and creamy. We chose the creme fraiche with macaroon bits- the lemon flavor was light and refreshing, and the macaroons were crushed up and embedded in the ice cream- an all around amazing cup of ice cream.I was incredibly impressed with this new addition to the Piccadilly business and after tasting just that flavor, I want to go back for more! I highly recommend this Piccadilly- stop by for one of the creamiest ice creams to enter your mouth in the area!
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,6/23/2014,167,334,,6,6>Yay!  The Cleveland Flea!I went for the first time ever last month.  I found it hilarious that in the middle of the hood is this fabulous Flea!If I hadn't given up sweets for lent, I would have walked / ate my way through the flea.  There was a great mix of new and old at the Flea.  I loved that there was live music and Sterle's had a bier garten open in the back lot.  I arrived right as they were opening and while I wasn't alone, not all of the venders were up and running.  I made a great find on this trip and I couldn't believe it!  A $300 jewelry item for $25!!  Stop at the flea, you never know what you'll find or who you'll run into!
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,6/22/2014,68,50,,4,3>Let's be honest, you do not come to a Chinese buffet for the finest in cuisine. If you are comparing one to a Michelin star restaurant, you might need to check your expectations.However, this place is better than any Chinese buffet I've tried. The food was hot and fresh, they had my usual favorites, and the staff was very friendly.The sushi was tasty according to my companion, and they had a decent variety.But the best part was the hibachi style stir fry.  Choose your meat, noodles and veggies, enjoy some conversation with the chef (the other guy didn't want garlic so the chef tossed it into mine with a smirk - thank you!), and before you know it you have a hot garlicky plate that I couldn't stop eating. I'm smacking my lips thinking about it, now.I finished it off with one of the classic sugar doughnuts and some hard ice cream - not soft serve, like most buffets.Ten dollars. Ten. Dollars.  Cheapest, best Chinese buffet, bottom line.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2013,6/21/2014,35,41,2,5,2>Pour, a new coffee place on the Euclid side of the 5th Street Arcades, is a big step up from the other coffee options downtown. All their coffee is done as pour overs, and the small extra wait for your fix that entails is more than worth it. Charlie, the owner, was friendly and knowledgable, as was the rest of the staff.Their beans are from Counter Culture Coffee, a roaster out of Durham, NC. It's pretty good stuff--I particularly loved the Aida's Grand Reserve, a limited edition roast that goes for $6 a cup. Pour also sells delicious, locally-made bagels from the Cleveland Bagel Co. and some pastries from the Luna Bakery if you're looking for a little food to go with your coffee.Pour is a great space, with nice large communal tables and counter seating, all with abundant outlets and free Wi-Fi. My only complaint is that the whole place was freezing--my toes were numb after working at one of the tables for a couple hours! Turn up the heat and I'll add a star.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,6/20/2014,100,67,2,5,2>Delicious burger and waffle fries for $6.50, a great price for the perfect portion. A hungry guy might want a double patty but for a late lunch to break through a  hangover this worked perfectly for me! Service to get our food and drinks was a little slow but cashing out was a breeze. About $5 per draft - house saison was my fav.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,6/19/2014,49,27,4,7,4>So my favorite thing to do these days after a belligerent night of drinks to is rally my buddies and convince them to get hungover dim sum in the morning with me. I'd literally drag their butts out of bed at 11 AM, personally drive them over to this side of town, pretty much take initiative to seat everyone at a table, and flag down a waiter to get hot tea and water. I've been to my share of American Chinese restaurants growing up being Asian and Li Wah resembles the good ole' solid middle class authentic Chinese establishment: red and gold banners decorated the wall, a flurry of young foreign waiters donned in the white shirt black pant combo, and even a stage setting in the back of the restaurant for Chinese parties. Feels like home.The dim sum isn't the best I've had, but it's pretty damn good. The carts being pushed around are filled with the basics you can find of any dim sum restaurant. Make sure to get the turnip cakes, riblets, chicken feet, and tripe, but ignore the pestering wonton soup lady (regulars know who I'm talking about, poor soul). If you feel fancy, get the duck or the pork intestine dishes. The food is delish! Flavorful and a little oily... exactly what I need! The waitstaff is speedy, efficient, and eager to please. You water won't go unfilled but even if it does, just flag a waiter down and they will literally speedwalk/jog to fetch the pitcher for you. Also the food is pretty dirt cheap... the bill can be split easily between a group of people and it has never come out to more than $12 per person, even after feasting. I don't know if it's the food or the feelings that make me like this place so much. Whatever the reason, it's why I've christened Li Wah my weekend hangover hangout.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,6/18/2014,9,256,2,5,4>The Miller's Beef sandwich may be among my favorite (non-burger and non-Slyman's) sandwiches in Cleveland, owing in no small part to the quality of bread, which adds significant taste and texture to the sandwich instead of serving as simply a neutral-tasting handle for the meat inside.  On top of that, the garlic-butter mayo, which is supplied in relatively generous proportions, really ties together well with the soft interior of the bread and dressed greens.  Ironically, the roasted beef may be the least impressive part of the sandwich, though it certainly played its role.The Raisin Pecan Levain bread was very good and, despite all the initial pieces torn off, held on very well the next morning after some quick warming in the oven.  The Brownie was relatively disappointing (key word: "relatively").  While it retained a very moist interior, it could have probably used a deeper chocolate flavor.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,6/17/2014,63,67,,6,2>Walking into the restaurant we were a bit worried about how authentic the food was going to be. There aren't too many Asian restaurants around this area, and the few that are here serve American fusion cuisine...nasty fusion cuisine, I have to add. I came here with my Vietnamese friend, so the first test was to see if any of the staff could actually speak Vietnamese. Luckily our hostess/waitress spoke Vietnamese, test #1- check. It was another cold winter day in CLE so we definitely ordered pho (the deluxe beef noodle) as well as the grilled noodles- which have grilled shrimp, meat, and spring rolls with vermicelli noodles. For starters we got the grilled pork rolls. Test# 2 was obviously how authentic and good was the food- mainly the pho. I have to say, my friend and I thought the pho broth was quite decent. Maybe 2nd or third best in CLE that we've tried so far? I trust my friend's opinion, since she was born and raised in Vietnam- who would argue with someone that has eaten pho all her life?! Haha for restaurant standards, it was good, and filled our pho cravings. (If I had to compare it to homemade pho....well, there's no comparison.) The only slight downside to the pho here is, they give slightly less meat than I'm used to seeing. For me personally, I'm ok with that since I don't eat huge amounts of meat. For others, they may be slightly disappointed? Maybe order extra meat with your pho? The grilled noodles and pork rolls were good. I think it's hard to go wrong with more simple dishes like that. I like that they grill the rolls here, the taste is more delicious than the plain rice rolls served at other restaurants. The prices are slightly higher than other Vietnamese restaurants that I've been to, but then again the area is slightly more upscale as well. Our waitress was very friendly and sweet, and checked in on us to make sure everything was good. Overall it was a good experience and we would probably come back if we were in the area again! You passed both tests- congrats haha!
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,6/16/2014,110,90,2,7,3>Really authentic Korean and my favorite in Cleveland. Awesome selection of banchan (yes, there is steamed egg) and BBQ. I've been here a handful of times and the food was excellent with great consistency. Their tofu soups and bulgogi are my favorites here. Soups were always bubbly hot and packed with flavor and the bulgogi is nicely seasoned. The bulgogi sauce has the right amount of sweetness and spice. I've also tried their spicy octopus, kalbi, bibimbap, and among a few other things. What I haven't had here is their DIY BBQ. But judging from other customers and the aroma it creates, I have no doubt that it's as delicious as their kitchen plates!The restaurant walls are covered with pine ("What is this? knotty pine!?" - AHS), kinda feels like a sauna in there. The place appears to be family run and the staff here works pretty nonstop. As with many Korean restaurants, you end the meal with yogurt drink.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,6/15/2014,41,21,1,4,5>I know every Larry, Darryl, and Darryl have been here already, so I'm not about to write anything revolutionary.  I do want to say I had a fantastic first time at Happy Dog on Friday, April 11.  Polka Happy Hour with DJ Kishka was underway when I entered, and the room was rockin.  All types of people, young to old, of varying ethnicities (and even a few children) were kicking back with beverages and looked to be having a fantastic time.  I sat down at the bar, and was able to promptly order an Okocim.  Even with a full room, the bartenders were very efficient and kept me happy the entirety of my stay.Now, I had heard many a great thing about the dogs but I was skittish this night, as I do keep a Lenten abstinence from meat on Fridays.  Fearing a vegan dog that would be a bland tofu turd, I was pleasantly surprised to find that my dog had a nice sausagey consistency and was spiced to give it a bit of a kick.  The incredible list of toppings allows for terrific flavor profiles, and I'm sure can lend to some creative "chefery" after a few beverages.  I went with chunky peanut butter, pickled carrot & daikon, cucumbers, and hot chili sauce.  I was in heaven.  I'm looking forward to spending many more evenings here, and pushing the boundaries of hot dog possibilities.  What a great place to have in the neighborhood!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,6/14/2014,134,169,5,21,3>I really didn't know what to expect when I tried Hot or Mild yesterday- especially since the only legit looking review gave it 2 stars... but I decided to try it anyways. It's purely a takeout restaurant. I went in around 2:30 in the afternoon and was the only customer. They have whatever curries they are serving that day laid out behind a counter- like Panda Express style, I'd say. And, you can order the snacks, breads, etc. from the menu. I ordered a Veg wrap and papdi chaat (fried dough pieces, topped with chick peas, onions, tomatoes, spicy and sweet chutneys, yogurt, spices, and thinner fried dough pieces) and was told it would be about 10-15 minutes. Not bad at all - but again, I was the only customer. After the fact, I decided to get one of the vegetarian curries that was set out - Paneer Tikka Masala. There's an option to get the "Customer's Choice" which is pretty much a combo meal with (*i think*) 2 curries, bread, fried rice (? did they mean biryani??), and some other things. I opted out of it and they just gave me rice with my Paneer Tikka.I decided to wait in the store so walked to the front where there were a few couches. There's a TV for people who are waiting, but it wasn't working. There's also a decent size open area between the counter and these couches which could easily hold a few tables and chairs for people to dine in - or even more seating for people to wait, but right now its just empty, awkward space. I asked if they were planning on adding seating and they said no, they will remain strictly take out. They said since there isn't sufficient parking spaces, they won't be able to successfully do dine-in.The total for my food was 18 dollars - not THAT bad if you think about the price of curry dishes alone at sit-down indian restaurants, but I would think a fast take-out restaurant would be cheaper. The Papdi chaat was good. Each of the bigger fried dough pieces (papdi) seemed to be individually seasoned and were delish. I could probably have gotten a bag full of those and eaten them like chips. All the toppings on top were super flavorful. I thought the sweet chutney was pretty potent and overwhelming so I may ask for it on the side next time. The Veg wrap was DELISH. It was pretty much freshly grilled vegetables (peppers, onions, cauliflower, carrots, peas, potatoes, etc- seasoned and mixed with some curry (I was told it's the chef's secret by the guy at the counter) - all wrapped in a thick roti/naan. I had a good 25-30 minute drive home and it was still nice and hot when I got home - and the bread was nice and thick that it really wasn't as soggy as I thought it would be.I only tasted the Paneer Tikka Masala - b/c I gave it to my friend - but from what I tasted, it was super rich, creamy, and flavorful. I hate when Paneer Tikka is made very runny, and that was not the case with this dish.Overall, the food was really good. The people behind the counter were friendly and fast - again, I was the only customer, so take that with a grain of salt. It's further from me than many indian restaurants I can get take-out from, but if I'm in the area or craving their Veg wrap again (which I def may), I'll be back. I'm sure it'll be busier and more successful on weekdays, but it was just empty when I went - Hope that changes for their sake.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,6/13/2014,7,37,1,5,1>Located in an alley. Friendly staff. Neat place.  Nice patio.  Awesome food!Here's the food low down: for starters,The chicken mayo deviled eggs - Devine!I did not notice any chicken in there, but the taste made me say who cares! Goat cheese tart- DE-LISH! The cornbread skillet they serve everyone w/a maple butter- gimme more!Entrees- mushroom stuffed chicken- very good!Ribeye with blue cheese and fingerling potatoes- good Scallops with potato gnocchi and beef cheek and carrots- yes, yes, yes!We were in a slight hurry, we didn't have drinks or dessert, but what we did have will definitely bring us back for more!Came back for dinner again- roasted chicken is soooooo yummy especially with the pesto on the side.  Shrimp & grits w/chorizo also excellent!  I'm pretty sure anything in the menu will be good!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,6/12/2014,36,181,,4,3>I've driven past this place many times and never thought to stop in.   I had a taste for a good Italian sandwich, so I stopped in on a late Saturday morning to pick up sandwiches for lunch.   The staff was super-friendly.   I ordered to Italian subs, one with hot peppers and one without.  Each sandwich was just a little bit over $4, what a deal.   I also ordered antipasto salad and pasta salad as side dishes to accompany the sandwiches.    I arrived home and my husband and I proceeded to dig in.   The sandwiches included a fresh, hard italian roll with plenty of italian meat, provolone cheese and a nice mix of hot peppers dressed in an italian dressing.  The salads were also fresh and tasty.   The only downside is that they don't take debit/credit cards, so its  good thing that I did have cash.   I will definitely return.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,6/11/2014,107,133,,7,3>This place has pretty terrific and authentic Thai food.  Too bad it's all the way in Strongsville.  Despite being terribly far away from me, I've been here three times now, and this restaurant has made a consistently good Pad Thai - not too sweet, not too soggy, no weird spices giving it an odd taste - pretty comparable to Pad Thai you might find in Thailand (saying this from experience!).  What I really like about this place though is the noodle soups.  It's not on the menu on the website, and it's technically offered as a lunch special, though they will make it anytime for you.  You get your choice of protein (I particularly like the duck version), and you get this amazing, authentic-tasting soup.  Quite honestly I'm not sure what spices they put into it - lemon grass?  mint? - but it's pretty awesome.  You need to try it to believe it.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,6/10/2014,89,182,3,5,3>Minh-Anh Ahhhhhh. That is what it should be called.  This place is really good. This place exemplifies all things great about mom and pop establishments.Everything is super fresh,as it should be, there is  Vietnamese market on the premise.Egg roll is to a different level at this place. I think the human body only withstand so much fried food, this is one of those items that warrants the self abuse and self loathing of a grease fueled binge.I think this establishment can be in the conversation of best pho's in the 216. I shared the pho with one of my close brown eyed friends.  Oh they have this chile paste/oil they doctor up that is off the hook good.  So good  would like a half body massage with it.  Split this with my friend. The broth was rich full of flavor, including a burst of cinnamon. Noodles were cooked perfectly along with a decent amount eye of round and meatballs. Limes are getting expensive,  the condiments were, jalapenos, bean sprouts, and lemons. Good stuff. Next, I ordered the beef lemongrass.  It was beef stir fried with onions, in a brown sauce,  served with cucumbers, sweet pickled carrots, and diakon radish(guessing). I mixed it all up slathered the chili oil an proceeded to inhale. My partner in gluttony took a healthy helping and proceeded to tell me the sauce was too thick.  Keep in mind she reminded the sauce was too thick after she started scarfing her second healthy helping.  She then said "well maybe i should stop eating this because I'm sure you want t take it home."  I said "bit*h  you know it will never make it that far".  So at this point my hands could barely touch the steering wheel, neither could hers. hmm were to go for desert.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,6/9/2014,89,75,2,8,3>Whether you are stone cold sober or completely hammered, Edison's enormous slices of pizza are delicious and satisfying. I got a slice of pepperoni pizza and I couldn't see the dough through all the happy slices of pepperoni! The only downside about this place is that there can be a wait if you stop in on a Friday or Saturday night.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,6/8/2014,97,533,2,4,3>Strolling around scores of corpses doesn't usually inspire a five-star review, but Lake View is not your average body farm. With awesome views of the lake and city on a sprawling and manicured collection of plants, animals and water features, the space itself is lovely. Add in standout features like the Garfield Monument and the breathtaking Wade Chapel with its Tiffany-made interior, and you have an afternoon of fun while hobnobbing with Death. Finally, if you're a fan of celebrity grave visits, Lake View sports a who's who of Cleveland's best-known names, including John D. Rockefeller, Eliot Ness, and dozens of names emblazoned on buildings, streets, companies and parks around the city. Wait for a nice sunny day and head out to enjoy the scenery.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,6/7/2014,84,191,,4,3>Seats outside the food court area were nearly full when we arrived at 12:30, but the lunch crowd thinned out by the time we got our food and sat down. I enjoyed the sushi station, and the two guys behind the counter were plenty funny and pleasant to make the wait for my roll go quickly. Also enjoyed watching the lady at the juice bar make my Kafeteria Blend juice (kale, cucumber, carrot and apple) and man oh man do they throw some serious chunks of fruit and veggies in there right before your eyes! Zack Bruell himself was serving people at one of the stations with a nice big smile! Juice was $5 and sushi was like $9...a little pricey for a regular lunch though, so won't be a daily thing for me but more of a nice little treat!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,6/6/2014,53,187,3,4,3>I'm shocked by anyone rating Pearl lower than a 4. It has such a diverse Asian menu from sushi to phu as well as all the traditional dishes you would expect to see, but all done with great, fresh ingredients. Our service was very attentive from the moment we walked through the door to the moment we left. I always like when owners of bars and restaurants greet their guests, it always makes me want to go to a business more when I like the owners and feel like they care about my experience.We all got different types of meals and everything was great. We got a sushi roll as an appetizer and I look forward to going back for a full sushi meal, which is saying a lot because I'm a total CA sushi snob. The bowl of phu was enormous, literally enough for 4. It's a great little date place or for a small group and I look forward to going back again and again!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,6/5/2014,37,33,,8,3>This is anyone's dream candy store! B.A. Sweeties is a huge warehouse of any candy you an imagine. Don't let the rundown outside fool you. B.A. Sweetie is worth the trip inside. They have the old school candy and all the newest trends. They also sell lots of candy in bulk. The bulk candy is organized by type and even color. Seriously amazing. I have done two candy bars for my job. One was 80's candy themed for about 500 people, and the other was Valentine's Day themed for about 300 people. B.A. made it so easy to make these look amazing. With such a huge selection and great prices, I was able to make the candy table a centerpiece of the party. I love B.A. Sweeties! It's somewhere to take the kids... Or just take yourself :)
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,6/4/2014,146,412,,5,4>Review update: 5 stars. This time, I'm commenting on the omakase. It was so memorable and delicious - totally refined flavors and presentation. Definitely worth coming here for special occasions and special meals! I ordered the omakase 6-course tasting, and my beau ordered the otsukuri omakase (chef's selection of otsukuri). Note: I am just learning the difference between otsukuri and sashimi. Sashimi seems to be a rougher/tougher cut, and otsukuri is a bit more refined and prepared.The otsukuri omakase selection was amazing. Many of the selections were straight from Japan. They were also prepared well. For example, sometimes uni (sea urchin) can have an ocean-y smell and flavor. This one was so tender, soft, and free of excess flavor. The shrimp was quite amazing - soft and flavorful. The waitress saved both of our shrimp heads and deep fried them, eaten with a flavorful green tea salt.Onto the omakase 6-course tasting. It's like the chef knew me - picked all my favorite Japanese dishes (ankimo, uni, hotate). There are two appetizers, one otsukuri, one nigiri, miso soup, and dessert.The first appetizer had my favorite dish - ankimo, or monkfish liver pate. The way they prepared it was ichiban, with some bitterness from the sauce, some spicy (from the ginger), and savory from the jelly and pate. I would come back again and order this off menu. There were two other selections in my appetizer too - one salty roe dish and one vegetable dish with Japanese sticky yam.The second and third courses were also good - cooked fish (similar to hamachi) over asparagus, and a selection of otsukuri. The shrimp was really great. The fourth and fifth - miso soup and nigiri. The nigiri selection was one of my favorite -- I think the best one was the hotate scallop and uni (will order this off menu again), the seared salmon belly with miso paste, chef's creation, the eel, and the otoro. The egg sushi was great as a dessert but just ok. Dessert - we picked the tempura apple with toasted sesame. The toasted sesame had good flavor. The apple itself had a bit of an absurd/creative presentation - it was coated in pink sugar. It was good, but not super outstanding. I may go for the chocolate + mango sorbet next. We paired everything with a carafe of warm sake.Overall, it was so good! I am appreciating the underground subway-stop like atmosphere with modern decor. I really like that vibe. Service was very attentive, friendly, yet still cool.Also, note female Japanese sushi chef. progressive! All the chefs - excellent job.As a comment on my previous post - we'll be coming back for more specialties, rather than regular rolls. As we were leaving, we saw the chef preparing some more off menu dishes that we want to try. We can't wait to come back and taste the mackerel dish (aji)!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,6/3/2014,30,393,,6,4>Dear CLE - get with the program and get down with cold pressed juice!I'm a juice-a-holic. Green juice. Beet juice. Cashew mylk. I like them all. They're a delicious way to replace a meal, do a juice cleanse, or just refresh your insides with an overload of healthy goodness.Beet Jar has a smorgasbord of juices and mylks in addition to vegan and gluten free snacks and sandwiches. On the day I dropped by, they were nearly sold out of everything (hooray for a great opening week!) but I was able to get a cereal cashew mylk and my boyfriend got a lavender cashew mylk. Both were delicious. (If you're not familiar with cashew mylk, it's like dessert in a bottle - but good for you!) And if my memory serves me right they were $8 or $9 - or $3 or $4 less than you'd pay for similar mylk/juice/etc. at Whole Foods. (and it's local - SCORE!) Sure, this is a littler pricier than the processed, not as good for you juices you'll find at Giant Eagle, but there's really no comparing cold pressed juice to any other juice. This neat little juice bar in Hingetown is worth checking out whether you're a juice head like me or just want to try some cold pressed juice to see what all they hype is about.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,6/2/2014,51,109,,6,4>Tres Potrillos is great! This area SORELY needed a good Mexican restaurant, and Tres Potrillos is a new favorite spot of my fiance and me.The location is a bit odd, with the restaurant basically sharing a parking lot with a gas station, but the interior is nice, and roomy. The food is good, the menu is huge, the service is friendly, and when they messed up something about my order on our second visit they brought a regular sized order of guacamole to make up for it. Also, there is a happy hour from 9-close.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,6/1/2014,168,231,,6,5>I went for a girls night out on a Thursday, half studio fees after six pm!  My friend selected a square plate to draw a peacock feather design on and I looked around but really wanted a particular owl mug that my friend had painted a few weeks before.  The nice employee went and found one for me in the back!  Super happy.  There's a lot to choose from here, and they even do parties.  There are plates, boxes, ornaments, figures, tchotchkes, light switch plates and all sorts of stuff.  Over 50 paint colors to choose from; brushes and stuff included.  You paint, pay per piece, they glaze and fire it in the kiln and you pick it up one week later!  This place is super friendly and plays great music.  I just may make this a new weekly hobby-it's a creative way to relax.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,5/31/2014,37,274,3,9,4>ThisPlaceIs AWESOME!!!!!!Date night before the Motocycle show and I do not really know where to start, you walk in from the ample parking lot and the sound of swing rock you around the bar so be sure to get a good look at where you want to sit because there are options!!!  If you want a bit of privacy there are quaint little nooks for dinner and quiet conversation as well as a wraparound bar if you pop in on your own feeling a bit peckish! There are nooks with couches to just enjoy a cocktail with conversation or tables more in the open so as to generate conversation with the bar or other patrons because I can garantee you there is a buzz in the air here...I can go on but more importantly YOU need to pop in some evening and see what I saw...A classy little gem in my stomping grounds in Old Brooklyn!!!Oh...Btw...Parking in rear of building that is WAY close to back entrance is SUCH a bonus...
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,5/30/2014,92,94,,5,3>Atmosphere: I really think they missed on the "modern" feel. The bar area at least, resembles the boarding area of an airport. Maybe that's the look they were going for. I didn't like it at all and felt it gave a weird vibe. They did have another dining room which looked comfortable and cozy. We were sat in between the two in front of the sushi bar and kitchen area.Is this place dressy or casual? I went thinking it was dressy --- it seemed half the patrons were dressy and half were casual. The wine offerings also confused me. They had bottles on their wine list that you could purchase at Giant Eagle. They have expanded their offerings at GE, so maybe this is not as weird as it sounds? I don' know. We had a big group so I was lucky enough to try a few different things off the menu. Onto the food, AMAZING! Everything was great. We started out with the Naan which was accompanied by 3 delicious sauces: hummus, olive tapenade, and some sort of spicy  mayo-y sauce possibly. The naan was perfectly cooked and served warm. Of the three dipping sauces I preferred the spicy one and olive tapenade to the hummus.  We have the Table 45 roll which was delicious. Followed by the Arugula Salad --- with pine nuts!!! I love pine nuts so that was a great addition and the light citrus vinaigrette was a great balance to the bitter arugula. Entree wise: I ordered the short ribs. WOW! They were packed with flavor and fell apart like butter. I didn't use a knife at all. The mixture of the squash and potatoes was pretty good. The short ribs were really really great and I'm salivating thinking about them. I also tried the duck. It was excellent - packed with flavor. Cooked to perfection. It was my dad's entree and he enjoyed it more than the duck he ordered from Lola last weekend. Needless to say, food was delicious and we will definitely be back! If only their "look" matched the quality of the food ....
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,5/29/2014,130,58,,8,3>This is a Cleveland staple. First, the museum is FREE. Such a good deal. When you walk through the museum it'll amaze you that it's free to maintain such a beautiful space. Since they finished the renovations, more people have discovered this wonderful place. The new atrium is huge and breathtaking.  It's a nice study spot and many people come here to eat lunch.  The museum also has a lot of fun events (Summer solstice, Parade the Circle, Chalk fest) and rents out to other groups holding events as well. I come here often to walk through the museum, clear my mind and admire some awesome art. There are a ton of different types of art to look through and this museum would kill a few hours.  My favorite rooms are the impressionists (Monet! Degas! van Gogh!) and the sculpture room (a glass room filled with sculptures by Rodin). They always have interesting special exhibits.  I always leave this place having seen or learned something new.  You should definitely check out the collection wall.  It's a touch screen wall that contains all of the pieces in the museum (largest multi-touch screen in the US!).  You can search and find pieces you're interested in and it syncs to your iPad! So as you walk through the museum, the iPad knows what pieces you're at and will give you extra info about it! I recommend this place 100%.  If you have to take a friend somewhere, make it here.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,5/28/2014,22,41,,4,2>Nothing bring best friends back together like sweet sundae glory!There is no doubt that the sundaes are delicious.  The turtle sundae (6.25) was vanilla ice cream with homemade hot fudge & caramel, amazingly tasty salted pecans, and topped with whipped cream and cherry.  The seasonal apple pie sundae was incredible... cinnamon ice cream with warm apple pie innards, crunchy streusel crumble and the normal sundae finishings.We also each indulged in a homemade hot chocolate.  It was well balanced, not "too sweet", and topped with a homemade mallow.The retro feel of the shoppe is wonderful... as you enter Sweet Moses you feel like you have stepped back in time.  The shelves lined with curious confections made me stop in my tracks.  I literally can't wait to go back and try more tasty treats!My one star reduction is due to price.  It was slightly over $20 for two sundaes and the pair of hot cocoas.  While I think Sweet Moses is incredible, the price is steep.  However... the sundaes are more than shareable.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,5/27/2014,31,35,,8,3>The Nature Realm is one of Summit County's hidden gems. Tucked away on the top of the Smith Road hill, this park is a perfect place to get away and enjoy nature at its best.The park features: several hiking trails, a couple of ponds, a suspension bridge that takes you over a ravine, some really unique weeping bushes, an herb garden, plenty of picnic benches, modern bathrooms, and to top it off - an underground indoor nature center. Although I believe the nature center is closed on Mondays.This is a perfect place to take a date, or your kids. You'll find a lot of people who come here like to feed the Chickadees. If you're not familiar with the concept, bring some bird food (sunflower seeds) with you to the park, stand near some shrubs and hold out your hand, Chickadees will actually land on your and take the food. It's a really cool experience if you've never tried it. Don't worry about them pooping on you, I've fed well over a 1,000 birds and it's never happened.One thing that does annoy me sometimes is the joggers. There are PLENTY of other places to go jogging at, Sand Run Park is 5 minutes away, go there to jog. The nature realm is meant for people to unwind and experience nature at its best. Joggers seem to scare off a lot of the wild life. If you do come here, try visiting when it's not busy. I did that a few weeks ago and I came across a family of turkeys! It was pretty cool. Other visits I got to see up close an owl, a hawk, mallards, and a beaver.  If you're not familiar with the nature realm but you like the outdoors, definitely make it a point to come here sometime!
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,5/26/2014,75,131,3,5,3>Gallucci's is one of those cool places that is...out of place. You'd expect a premier Italian grocery like this to BE in a place like Little Italy, but instead, it's a little more distant, located in the Euclid Corridor about halfway between Downtown and University Hospitals/University Circle. And it's worth the trip.Gallucci's is a Cleveland institution. Loads of wonderful fare, including exotic oilive oils (which can actually sampled,) loads of amazing pastries,salamis, fresh meats and cheeses, home made sauces dough and components of all types for that special meal Italian-style. On top of that, their prices are great and the service is really good. Their deli/take out place in the back is worth a stop over for lunch; lasagna, meatball subs, chicken and a variety of fresh, hot foods are there for the purchase. I only wish I could stop there more! If you're looking to get some great foods that'll make your palate (and your wallet,) dance, "mambo Italiano" down to Galluci's for a date with some great stuff!
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,5/25/2014,190,48,,9,4>Love this place!  It's authentic Columbian street food.  Arepas are their specialty and they have a great variety to choose from, with fillings such as chorizo, steak, chicken, pork, eggs,  they're pretty much like a stuffed sammich where the "bread" is like a homemade pita pocket made from corn.  They were awarded "Best Sandwich in Ohio" by The Food Network! They make everything from scratch and the ingredients are fresh fresh! They offer a good variety of homemade sauces you can try on your arepa.  There's Chimichurri, Spicy peanut, Garlic, and Pineapple.  I think the Chimichurri is my favorite.  Sometimes the Garlic can be TOO garlicky, as was the case during my last visit.  If you don't want an arepa, their Cubano sammich and Ropa Vieja are also excellent and very filling!  Be sure to try the Cheesy Corn for an appetizer..so good!  You definitely won't leave this place hungry.Oh and they don't currently have a liquor license, but it's BYOB, so feel free to bring any beer or wine to accompany your meal.The ambiance there is cool and casual...very laid back.  The servers are quick and super friendly.  You'll feel welcome at Barroco. They usually have some Latin music playing and you can write on the walls...it really takes you away.  They have live music on the weekends.  Check their Facebook page for details!
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,5/24/2014,119,88,,11,5>I really adore Ginza. When you first walk in, you are greeted by an area with traditional Japanese mats and short tables. Under the table is a depressed area, so for us who are unaccustomed to eating with our legs crossed, you can sit normally and just pretend. I really enjoyed their octopus salad the few times I've been here. It's very crunchy and has got a really nice flavor - zesty and sweet. Their sushi is also very very fresh. I especially like the handrolls. They're very open to ordering off menu - if you want a particular combination for your handroll, just let your waitress know and they'll arrive looking delicious right in front of you. For those who are looking to save a little money, coming during their happy hour can save you 15% off your bill. Good foor and great savings, what's not to like?
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,5/23/2014,49,73,4,11,10>How do I love thee (La Plaza)? Let me count the ways. 1. Tacos. Oh, the tacos. 2. Freshly made salsa roja, salsa verde, guacamole, etc. for purchase. The salsas are excellent and not afraid of heat. Brave salsa! 3. Awesome baked goods (bread is $0.75). 4. Full butcher.  Meat-alicious.  5. Mystery junk food and candy that is irresistible (disclaimer: only mysterious if you don't speak espanol, like me). 6. Bonus jewelry counter. I've been annoyed for years that Columbus has a plenitude of authentic taco trucks and Clevelanders are forced to survive without. Perennially disappointing sports franchises AND no taco trucks? How much more can we take, I ask! How much more?? I have a pretty hard crush on the tacos at La Plaza Supermarket. I'm partial to the chorizo tacos and al pastor. Load those bad boys up with cilantro, onions and fresh squeezed lime and decide to learn Spanish because they're so delicious and you never want anything to come between you and your tacos again. The tacos come in doubled up warm, soft, dreamy grilled corn tortillas. $2/taco.  The tacos are so simple, but so full of flavor. You can get the tacos and/or other prepared hot foods back at the deli area (or on the taco cart, if applicable). Pay at the register first and then go back and put in your order. then wander around wanting to buy stuff because it looks interesting even though you know better. There's also lots of great items in the store to buy/try for adventurous (or even mildly daring) home cooks. Near the highway. Easy to get in/out. Decent sized parking lot. Highly recommended.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,5/22/2014,16,41,3,5,4>This place is addicting. After coming here, I don't even have the urge to go to Wonton Gourmet again. I've had a variety of dishes here, including the water boiled fish, lazi gi (szeuchan fried chicken), mapo tofu, rabbit dry pot, szechuan green beans, pepper lamb, tripe in chili oil, etc. It's all super good. The service here is really good. The first time I came here, it was just me and my bf, and the owner came to our table and talked to us. He even helped me order in Chinese (which is not my native language LOL and I probably sucked at it). When I came here with a larger group, we got less attention from the manager but our food was still fantastic. Everything comes out pretty fast too. The amount of food is overwhelming, and the price is very reasonable. I would definitely recommend coming here super hungry. Also, the food is SOOOO spicy, it will probably mess with your GI system if you're not used to it. This is totally worth it in my opinion. YOLO!!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,5/21/2014,88,79,6,10,5>Johnny Mango's is my favorite place in Cleveland. It is only fitting to write an update, since my first review was almost 5 years ago after I had just moved here. Since then, I have come to love this place. EVERYONE is friendly. You can go by yourself (as I often do) and not feel out of place. Somehow, even the fellow customers are great. There are so many reasons to love this place, I can't even count them. And I've had to take four freaking stats courses.It's more than the drinks and the food: 1) It's the chef realizing you've never tried the BBQ chicken and insisting that you share HIS dinner in order to finally try it. 2) It's watching baseball with Jimmy at the bar in July. 3) It's people of all shapes, sizes, colors, sexual preferences, political affiliations and economic standings sitting in one place and talking about the community. 4) It's picking up food to go, and ending up staying there for an hour due to the great conversations and company.5) It's definitely a place for carnivores, but has the best vegetarian/vegan food in the city. BY FAR.It's loud, but it's intimate, it's stylish but eclectic, it's got one small TV but manages to be a great sports bar. It's a great, great place on that funky little corner of Cleveland.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,5/18/2014,28,58,,5,3>From reading past reviews it looks like other people have had problems with their food/experiences, but I am luckily not one of these people. If you want actualy Italian food, unlike the stuff microwaved and made in bulk at places like the Olive Garden, then try this place. Since I don't live on the east side anymore, I don't go here very often. Because of that, I always get the same thing (since I don't get to get it that often!) I always start with the fried ravoli, which is always cooked long enough to have a nice crisp taste. For my main course, I do the Ianaggi Pollo, which is chicken with red sauce, onion, green pepper, and mushroom (I skip the mushroom). The first time I had it, I craved it for about a month. It's awesome. The past time my sister got a cheeseburger (at Italian restaurant, I know, right!?) which was also actually pretty good (she let me try it!). We also got the tiramasu, which was a big enough piece for the two of us to split, and a perfect ending to our Italian meal.Never had a problem with the service. It's a small, family owned business. How can you not support it!?
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,5/17/2014,104,314,3,7,4>Stopped in to Jack Frost the other day to surprise my co-workers with some donuts.  I expected them to be dilectible because I have eaten here before.  So I stopped in around 7:00 AM and there was donut-a-plenty still.  I let the worker choose which variety to fill my dozen with by by saying, 'surprise me'.  At work, I was an immediate superstar during the staff meeting.  Yeah, I'm bad.  That's right!  I brought Jack Frost donuts!  I'll do it again too.  Everyone was raving about these bad boys.This is donuts done right.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,5/16/2014,196,218,5,11,9>This is definitely my new favorite place to grab a drink and get some work done! There are MANY plugs for your computer/phone/ipad charging needs! I also love how this coffee shop has 2 stories! The back area on the second floor is definitely very productivity-inducing :) I ordered the chai latte, which was not the best latte I've had but it was pretty decent! I definitely agree with previous reviews about how this place can get loud. It's nothing that a pair of headphones/ear plugs can't solve :)
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,5/15/2014,76,155,4,7,6>My boyfriend and I went here on a whim while waiting for our friends. I was definitely not expecting it to be as fancy on the inside and unfortunately I was wearing jean shorts and a t-shirt, so I felt really underdressed. We sat at the bar and for some reason I was having a really hard time choosing what I wanted to drink. The wonderful bartender sensed my decision despare and offered to make me something she thought I might like. I'm not sure exactly what was in it besides fancy gin and champagne, but WOO! My head was foggy after that, not to mention it was downright delicious. Lemon-y with a kick! I always appriciate a bartender who takes the time to really help you when you are unsure of an order.After our tasty drinks we ordered the lettuce wraps as a late night snack. WOW, were they good. I don't take my wraps of any kind lightly when it comes to rating...but I was impressed. If you ask me the pickled carrots made the dish. What an awesome spin on an already wonderful appetizer! I would LOVE to give this a five star rating, but I feel like I need to try a full meal before that. Obviously I will not be hesitant to return for the meal and the review update! An Ohio City gem ladies and gentleman.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,5/14/2014,144,144,,5,3>Last minute dinner reservations for ten landed us at this fine establishment for a birthday get together on Saturday. Only place in the city that would accommodate us, so that was great. This wasn't our first choice because we don't drink craft beers. So we just ate, didn't drink until we left. We tried the pretzel with the cheese soup (which was a little too salty) but it was great for a hungry group waiting for their entrees. The soup is definitely too rich to eat alone, but great for dipping that warm, soft, pretzel in. The fries appetizer smothered in gravy, black beans and mozzarella curd was divine. Something I would order again for sure. The shrimp taco's were quite special. I highly recommend if you are a fish or shrimp taco connoisseur. Something I always order if it's on the menu, regardless of where I am. This one gave me the gourmet feel with the pickled carrots, jalapeno and onion garnish (extra, next time for me). Also had a nice salsa on it. Not a bad quality shrimp either. For the price of the food ($11 shrimp taco's, $9 appetizers) I would definitely come here again for the scenery and the yummy eats. My girlfriends didn't think the salad with chicken was anything special, nor was the chicken sandwich worth writing home about. But I heard the blue cheese burger (add egg) was actually super yummy, served with fried too. The fried chicken entree however, looked really good and I still didn't get to try their pierogies yet....
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,5/13/2014,57,75,,5,4>This is a new addition to the shops on West 14 in Tremont, just before the bridge. It has a fun selection of vintage home goods and furniture, plus great records (stuff you really want to listen to, not just novelty ones like most vintage stores). I have been in a few times and always see stuff that's a little weird-in a good way! Dental molds, velvet paintings, and midcentury furniture mesh nicely here. They sell things you definitely won't find anywhere else, so it's a good spot for gifts as well. The owners are friendly without breathing down your neck and they seem to partner frequently with the ladies next door at ReDress.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,5/12/2014,65,71,,5,3>I went to Jammy Buggars on a Saturday around 8pm. There was a 30min wait for a table! Every seat was taken at the bar too, but within 10mins someone got up and I was able to get their seat. My friend finally showed up and she was able to get a bar seat within 5mins. By that time we were next on the wait list, but we decided to stay at the bar. The bartender was nice and gave me some suggestions on IPAs.  Not too noise. Good crowd. We did not eat, just a couple beers. I would definitely go back, I want to try to The EX and the Vegan Chicken Gyro.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,5/11/2014,55,83,1,9,3>There's alot of things I wouldn't buy used. Undergarments, prophylactic, and needles to name a few. But I will never, ever, buy a new tire again.  The savings are unbelievable. These so called 'used' tires are barely used and are so inexpensive. I don't know why everyone doesn't buy used tires. But I'm glad they don't - more used tires for the rest of us! I got two practically new tires that still have most of their tread for $60 saving hundreds of dollars!  Not all of their selection is as new and some sell for as low as $15.This location was a bit busy when I visited and it operates like a drive thru. You just wait in your car until it's your turn. Located in a retired fire station, they probably have close to a thousand tires standing by to satisfy your vehicles needs. Maybe more.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,5/10/2014,36,123,,5,3>Love this little theatre! I went here for an after work event and really enjoyed the show I saw (Death Trap), and the general admission section in the back corner was great for our group to mingle together without being as constrictive as a row of seats would have been. Also really like Tom Hanks and I thought it was cool they donated the bar area. Just be warned that you will get reprimanded if you try to take a picture inside.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,5/9/2014,79,298,3,6,4>Delicious Lunch for two under $20with enough leftover for dinner? Count me in!We came here Saturday night for a quick dinner... Or so we thought. The line went throughout the whole restaurant and was easily 150 people deep. We left discouraged, but dying to come back at a better time. We tried again today for lunch and walked right in with no wait hurray!You walk in and get your tray and silverware very old school cafeteria style. The nice lady behind the counter explained to us that you pick one entree and two sides. I went with the potato pierogis with cabbage & noodles and green beans. My boyfriend got the stuffed cabbage. The cabbage and noodles I could eat everyday if calories meant nothing, but they do. They tasted a tad on the sweeter side, as did everything. But sweet in a good way! The Pierogis were great and the cabbage was the size of my head, seriously.This was one of those meals where everything taste so good that you barely say two words to your dining partner. But I do remember him saying "oh wow, even the corn is great. It pops in your mouth!" This made me laugh.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,5/8/2014,129,81,,10,4>Love it! What a sweet little gem. My dad has been on a French kick and my friend from Duo Home raved about this enchanting new spot, so we stopped opening weekend for lunch. They have a great selection of panini sandwiches and bruschetta. Also, I would ask about the soup du jour. Today it was white bean and pulled pork. Delicious. We split the turkey panini and ordered the bruschetta board trying the trout, chicken liver, brie and sopressata. All were impressive and if you check out their menu, you have plenty to choose from. Chocolate cake and Jeni's ice cream to finish with. Coffee was good but will try the French press next. The wine list offers a nice variety and on that note I'm already plotting my return with friends. Ps don't forget to check out the cute bathroom and say hi to the owners! Congratulations on opening weekend!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,5/7/2014,98,48,,8,4>I have always had a good experience here... From enjoying a wide selection of craft beers to their succulent scallops!  They are helping to build the new age of nightlife bars by offering gourmet dishes instead of the typical fried foods. Scallops have to be the best thing on the menu, and maybe the best in town!  They are large scallops cooked to perfection and paired perfectly with and corn and prosciutto side. At a price of $17, you really can't go wrong!  I have also had the spicy curry noodle bowl which is also very flavorful.One of my favorite things about Town Hall is their craft beer selection. And everything is always $5!  So there's no need to question it!  To make it better, Mondays it's only $3 for any craft beer draft!Also, the patio is quite amazing in the warmer months. The bar has a completely open feel as you can see right through from the front patio of the bar to the back patio of the bar when they open up both garage doors. Even on chillier days, they have patio heaters and an outdoor firepit table!In order to get a table, you do have to see the hostess, as opposed to taking an open table as you see fit. Although this is a spacious bar with plentiful seating, it does get very crowded!  So this method does make it fair for those who have been waiting for a table.  They have plenty of waitresses and bartenders on staff also, so service is always very good!Bonus: Town Hall is a highly philanthropic organization and donates a lot of it's proceeds to local charities. I am a strong believer that the community will thrive depending on the businesses and residents within them, and businesses can only thrive with the support of the community. So having this partnership, where the business recognizes the importance of the community it serves and gives back to them will only help to build a stronger city.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,5/6/2014,263,228,7,11,6>oh wonton gourmeta happy ending indeedpleasure of the mouthI'll be damned if this joint can't hang with any real Chinese places anywhere.  In our fair city there are loads of American Chinese craptastic places, buffets, which range from gross to wretched, but this place is the real deal. No General Tso's chicken scraps, no sweet and sour dog food, but a myriad of authentic and flavorful dishes. The cumin lamb was a hot and spicy treat that packed a wallop, but was not some test of manhood to eat. You could taste a lot more than the peppers. The chive dumplings were homemade and the filling was very flavorful.  Szechwan beef was wonderfully nuanced. Sesame chicken -best I ever tasted.The ubiquitous flat screen showed a Chinese flick. Interestingly, the sound was on and the movie was not dubbed, but it had Chinese subtitles as well. Double happiness?Carry on...
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,5/5/2014,71,29,3,12,6>This was an awesome brunch experience. The service and atmosphere are young and hip. The food is to die for. You have to get the Mexican coke bacon on the side. We tried the buckwheat flap jacks (so fluffy and love the crunch of the oats) and breakfast banh mi. I'm Vietnamese and I'm loving this take on our sandwich, even down to the everything cream cheese. Finally, try their house made hot sauce and o.j. (it tastes fresh squeezed). Will definitely be frequenting this place.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,5/4/2014,68,481,,6,5>Working downtown has made me an Ice Cube addict. The food here is tasty and always presented beautifully. The sunshine salad is always picture perfect and a heaping serving of tasty salad fixings. Their rice bowls are delicious, too, but my all time favorite is the pesto burger. Once I had that, I couldn't go back. These veggie burgers really changed the way I look at veggie burgers--I'm so scared to get one anywhere else because, for me, the Ice Cube has perfected this dish. I'm drooling just thinking about it right now. The sides are hit or miss. I got a Mediterranean pasta once that was strange and not so good, but the curry quinoa was SO GOOD.The service is always accompanied by a smile, even on the snowiest, busiest, grossest downtown lunch hours, which I truly commend because I know how tough that can be. Whenever anyone questions where to go for a quick, delicious, filling, and healthy lunch, I always point to the Ice Cube because you can't go wrong. Sure there are other good lunch spots downtown, but I never feel gross or bloated when I go here and that's a plus when you have 3-4 more hours of work to get through. Desserts here are always good, too. The pumpkin cupcakes have delighted me multiple times, as well as chocolate pumpkin bars and brownies. On a side note, I think the Ice Cube may have gotten a friend and I through the end of 2013 and a pretty stressful-work-through-lunch-and-dinner-at-your-­desk project with their burgers to fuel us.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,5/3/2014,31,64,,4,4>While I've been here MANY a times, not sure if I ever wrote a review. However, this past week I met my husband for lunch and had our little 8 month old papoose in tow. We were short on time so we picked something out in a hurry that was close to the parking lot. If you try to come to Ohio City when the west side market is open and lunch time, fair warning, the place is a zoo! So it's better to pay 3 bucks and get a close parking spot. As soon as we entered the restaurant I just felt bad taking our daughter somewhere that has the word "brewery" in it, not so much for her or us, but for the other diners. Plus this is an older building so it has uneven pavement and steps, etc. I immediately started to worry we should have gone somewhere else, but I'm glad we stayed because the folks here were SO accommodating it was very much appreciated. They walked us through the server station to avoid steps with our stroller, and gave us a table with plenty of room. The food was the next best part. The special, meatloaf was divine and the chicken pot pie was a la perfect. Thanks again for another wonderful meal and service! I should note I definitely wouldn't make a habit of bringing kids here, because it is much more of an adult atmosphere.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,5/2/2014,34,40,,6,4>I just ordered cavatelli for 35 people from Vincenza's and I am glad that I did. The pasta was perfectly cooked (not too mushy), the sauce was mixed in already. I am very picky about sauces, however Vincenza's makes a really good red sauce (I ordered both the meat and marinara sauce). Delivered on time. Came with rolls & butter and a container of grated parmesan cheese.  Very Affordable! I ordered salad and cookies and it came to almost $6 per person for everything (not including tips).  The only negative thing I have to say is that you have to call ahead to make sure they have your delivery time available.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,5/1/2014,75,549,,6,4>Hingetown? I've never heard of that term before reading some of the other reviews here. Anyways, this is a great addition to Hingetown. I love getting tea at all the local coffee shops so having a place dedicated just to tea is wonderful! You can get a pot, a cup to go or a bag of loose leaf tea by the ounce. They also sell pots and strainers. I thoroughly enjoyed my personal pot of loose leaf tea, warmed by a candle, and served with a glass cup. Very ritualistic and very cool. The bakery snacks looked cool too. The place was completely full when I walked in on a Wednesday afternoon so that is a good sign. It is a rather small place however which is unfortunate as comfy seating doesn't fit. I did not get a chance to sit at the window bar tops as they were all full. I took the last homemade table on the hallway wall. It looks really cool but didn't really work out. There was no room for my textbook on the table - it literally didn't fit width wise and after all the tea gear arrived there was even less room. I'm 6'1" and I also must say that the stool to table height ratio is off. My legs barely touched the floor when on the stool and the table top was a bit too high so I had to have my shoulder elevated in order to write on the table. Perhaps the window seating lends itself to work more. I might not be back to do work, but if I'm just meeting a friend for a conversation or just looking to chill I will definitely choose this place. I can't wait to try the other tea options! There are sooo many.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,4/30/2014,81,226,3,14,7>yumm another authentic Asian restaurant!we ordered three dishes - spicy ginger noodle the house signature dish, 41a which is stir fried vermicelli sour version, and chicken coconut Chua kreoung ma rass prowt. I would highly recommend all three of them - they are all very different and yummy. the ginger noodle is more seafood like and spicy. the vermicelli is sour but I LOVE the fried tofu in the dish, and the chicken coconut dish was very curry like and satisfying. tastes like home comfort food. the price was pretty reasonable too. three dishes was definitely enough for two meals for two people who can eat a lot haha.my only complaint is their service speed. again, this is a family own restaurant so it is kinda expected that it is going to be understaffed. so be prepare to wait for at least half an hour before you get your food. also, the kitchen tend to be super smoky - it definitely made me cough when I was walking pass the kitchen to go to the bathroom.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,4/29/2014,40,84,4,8,2>Wow. Wow wow wow wow wow. If you haven't been, you should go now. Pronto! (sorry, couldn't resist) An absolutely amazing experience. Everything was so wonderful! This place is small and easy to miss, but it's a gem! Fair warning: there will be a lot of adjectives in this. Seating was a hit cramped, but all the stuff was very friendly and wanted to please. Our waitress was so eager and wanted to hear all of our comments! When giving us the introduction, she said everything was made in house--and you could taste it! They also do some interesting variations on traditional am dishes, which makes it fun in addition to tasty! When we entered, they started us with a delicious cheesy bread that was accompanied by a fresh, chunky, savory, delicious red sauce. My parents were very excited for their eggplant parmesans after tasting that! They then had salads--even the ceasar salad dressing tasted homemade-- while I filled my belly with the soup of the day: a delicious smoky tomato bisque. Chunky, smoky, and with a bit of balsamic and parmesan cheese, it was perfect! I had the blt pasta as an entree. The sauce was creamy, but not too rich and I loved that they had used the heat of the dish to wilt the arugula instead of cooking it down. My parents both had eggplant parmesan, which was really fun because the pasta was baked into the eggplant! Again, it was topped with that amazing sauce we had loved. We barely had room for dessert, so we split a chocolate covered pecan shortbread. HEAVEN. Highly recommend! On our way out, we stopped to admire the cakes that had been made for special occasions. Turns out they have a trained pastry chef, so they do cakes and other special dishes! The cakes were gorgeous and had elegant designs. Definitely a go to for your special occasions! If you haven't figured it out, I adored this place. You should definitely make a trip and taste its amazing dishes for yourself! I can't wait to go back!
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,4/28/2014,42,64,4,7,4>I ADORE this place!! It's a little hidden gem in Tremont. The decor is very turn of the century without being overdone or presumptuous. The jazz band that plays is at the perfect volume and so soothing. They have the best drinks I have ever had, by far. Just be aware, you do pay a pretty penny for the drinks, but I think it's worth it! The staff was great too, they seemed to really be a team. We had a few servers taking care of us, including the hostess. Everyone was so personable, felt like they were all friends!They have some couches and chairs in the middle room and they seat random people together there. We loved this! We made some new friends there and hope to see them there again. If you have never been to this place, you are missing out.PS - don't let the raw egg in a lot of the drinks scare you away. It makes them so frothy and creamy!
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,4/27/2014,13,160,2,8,4>This place was a life saver! I hit an awful pothole about a week ago and not only did my tire go flat, I dented the rim! The quote or a new rim plus tire and all the other junk I'd need was close to $800 (my rims are apparently very expensive new, over $500 each). I looked into repair and thought I'd give this place a try. My rim was welded and straightened for only $70! I know it's usually a litlte over $100 but he gave me a discount (not totally sure why but I'm not complaining!). He also mounted my new tire to the rim and didn't charge me any extra money (this usually costs about $20 at car repair shops). On top of all of this, he had the repair done the same day! This was so easy to do and saved me SO much money.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,4/26/2014,78,264,4,13,7>This place is unbelievable. Go there. Eat the tacos. Drink the drinks - but not too many!!! Sean and I checked this place out last Friday night with another couple after reading the impossibly good reviews on Yelp and we are SO glad we did! It's been a long time since we tried a new spot and were so pumped to go back!We were interested in trying out a couple of the drinks but were intrigued also by 3 tacos for $7.50. Not a special - that's the regular price. Bomber! Excellent, fresh tacos. We had the meat ones - two pork (al pastor and carnitas) and one beef. Absolutely yummy in every way and for that price - holy crap! On Taco Tuesday, it's even more ridiculously cheap - 3 for $5. It's like stealing for as good as these damn things are. Now the drinks. Between the 4 of us, we must have tried 12 drinks. All amazingly different and unique. All mixed and served with extreme care from ingredients to garnish. I mean this freakin place has little plastic mermaids and dry ice to go in the drinks for crissakes! So awesome. The atmosphere and service were outstanding in every way. Our server (wish I could remember her name but I was lucky to remember my own name after a few here) was SO nice, genuine and knowledgable. Tell her if you like rum or gin, sweet or not and she'll pick out a drink for you that you'll really like. I was not disappointed in the three I tried. Dark, chill atmosphere - unobtrusive music, tiki glassware wall, outrigger canoe up in the rafters. This place meets the definition of 'lounge' when so many places don't. The general manager, Shan, spent a good amount of time chatting us up and telling us all about the venture. Good dude, that guy.The ONE downside I can possibly think of: difficult, un-walkable location. Now this is on one hand great - if it were on the main Ohio City drag, this place would be as packed as Town Hall - or maybe not because those types don't really like to pay $10-12 per cocktail. Either way, it would be nice if it were in an easier to access location. Also, no phone number because 'we don't have a phone'. Normally that might seem clueless, but with as awesome as this place is, it's almost on purpose. Like only the true believers will find the oasis. You need to try this place soon.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,4/25/2014,44,43,3,7,4>oh. my. cupcake.this tiny-but-cutesy little shop in the heart of tremont makes some cuhhh razy good cupcakes! the first time i went, i got one of every flavor--i couldn't help myself! you walk in, it smells good, the people who work there are so friendly....you fall under a cupcake spell. they have negative calories right??anyways, my favorite is the german chocolate and PB lovers. But those are just my favorite flavors in general. And the cookie monster is just so damn cute!And also--they have a frequent buyer card!!! UMM AWESOME!!! Only cupcake place i've ever encountered that does this. TWO THUMBS UP.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,4/24/2014,70,110,1,12,3>I was afraid that this was just going to be an Asian Chipotle knock off. It isn't.The menu has normal entrees and then you add whatever meat you would like. There are also lunch options and several really cool sides. Once you place the order, you sit down like a normal restaurant. Not a Chipotle. The food is great. It is brought out by course, but still has the self serve pop though. A strange mix of formal and informal. For my side I ordered the pot stickers, they were great! For the entree, I had the Spicy Thai Basil. It was pretty good, great flavor and a medium amount of spice. I would get it again for sure. Overall a pretty cool place. Decent food, cool interior, and a decent bar. Ya a bar. It has a full wet bar in the back. Not sure what and when they do there but I am pretty sure it wouldnt be too bad. Give these guys a try!
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,4/23/2014,110,405,12,9,7>The other reviews(sorry fellow yelpers) left me pretty uninspired to write mine. Till I read PW's. That dude can write a review. I've been a long time fan. So I live two blocks away from Doughnut Pantry. Been here seven years. This was the first time I visited. "Why is that?" you say as you pour more Jim Beam into your work coffee mug in your cube. Well, the reason is Dunkin Donuts. One on Detroit and one on Lorain. Whenever I'm craving donut, my primeval cave brain just goes all pink and orange and next thing you know I'm there. Buying a dozen gimmicky donuts(state of the union blue and red sprinkles, superbowl nacho cheez filled, w-2 red ink icing) in that shiny Sephora of bleary eyed morning zombies. Then later I'm walking the dog on Madison and notice the Pantry. Dammit, why didn't I go there? Because you're stupid and lazy. Sorry, got lost in a conversation with myself. So this scenario has played out countless times now. Had to put a stop to it. The Pantry is the anti Dunkin. No frills. No fancy signage, cute boxes, cute employee aprons, or "wi fi", whatever that is. Just the dough, coffee and old men hanging out in the corner gambling or something. Basic varieties: glazed, eclair, jelly, maple. The meat and potatoes of morning pastry. Dozen for $7.50. Good price. Fast service. Now you hang out at Dunkin and the scenery is great. Beck center, churches, rta rolling by, hip kids on bikes. You hang out on Madison, you see gas station, ugly tenement building, weird dude walking his dog ogling the sexy mannequins in the window of the Mission. Opposites of the creme filled spectrum. Going to make a conscious effort to come back and stay out of that other soulless corporate whorehouse.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,4/21/2014,215,581,1,8,4>I'll admit, I rarely venture out to the East side, specifically Shaker Heights, because I hate driving there. However, I made the trip today to see Frozen with my Princess-obsessed toddler. It was a very nice experience, but the highlight had to be the seats. Nice, big, comfy, with the option of putting the arm rest up for cuddling. Parking was a breeze too.I usually frequent the Capitol Theatre if I'm going for one of the old-timey Cleveland Cinemas. But I'd return to Shaker Square because they have double the movies that play at the Capitol. Plus I think they have special days devoted to movies for moms (bring your kids, but it's, like, a grownup movie). And while I didn't drink today during my movie, I do appreciate the option.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,4/20/2014,227,138,2,7,5>I can't say enough about how great my experience was here. They transformed the old McCarthys bar into a mod Mex restaurant. I was a little skeptical when I drove by a few times but the reviews on Yelp are what seriously steered me to finally visit. I wish I would've tried sooner. We walked in and got a spot in the back bar. The decor is awesome. The colorful paintings to the many luchadore masks lining the walls. Had the guacamole sampler and it was fantastic. Machacha was next. Tasted every great as Momocho. I hate to compare this place to Momocho but it is very similar....except this place is bigger. Much much bigger. Read the reviews. Try this place. It's great and I'll be back soon
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,4/19/2014,23,256,1,7,5>I was beyond excited to find out about this plus size boutique so close to home!  This place was like a dream come true.  There were so many stylish plus sized options, both new and vintage.  The staff were pleasant and friendly, but not pushy or constantly asking me if I needed help (such a relief!).  The prices were very reasonable as well - I got 2 dresses, 2 pairs of leggings, and a bracelet all for about $150.  Everything was sorted by size, which makes life so much easier.  They had a huge selection of dresses, a pretty good selection of coats, shirts, and skirts, and a few pants (in addition to a good selection of leggings and layering pieces).  They also had some really cute accessories (jewelry, bags, shoes, scarves).The selection in the store is not a complete match to what's offered on the website.  While there is a lot of overlap, I didn't see everything from the website in the store, and there were things in the store that aren't on the website.  So if you look at the website and think it's not for you, I encourage you to go check out the store anyway.Street parking was free and plentiful.  I would maybe call first for hours though.  This Yelp listing and the website both say they open at 11am on Saturdays, but I could have sworn the flyer I got said they open at noon.I am so thrilled to have Re/Dress in Cleveland!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,4/18/2014,128,99,9,11,11>I got 5 on it has to be the freshest party in Cleveland. It's held on the last Saturday of every month. Unfortunately, it's gotten so big, that it's too crowded to 1. order a drink 2. dance or grind (whichever you prefer) 3. stay cool and comfortable. I love coming here for the music. I mean you spend hours cutting up the rug, doing the running man, kid & play, cabbage patch, spitting out all the lyrics to your favorite songs you grew up with in the 90's. And that's really it. There is not really a place like it anywhere else in the 216.On the flip side, Touch has a decent brunch menu on Sunday and their tacos on Thursday nights... really really underrated.My dude John Lynch tells me the music on the first Saturdays of every month is worth checking out too.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,4/17/2014,47,56,4,8,5>Wow o wow.  Desperately tried to not  let my attitude towards Michael Symon bias my opinion of his restaurant, but boy, great food network star, great TV chef, GREAT restaurant!  Had the bone marrow appetizer (recommend by my BF) even though I've had BM before and wasn't really a fan.  This one however, was phenomenal.  The BM is seasoned with some scallion and salsa and paired with delicious grilled bread (I know, it's just grilled bread...but for some reason, it was really uber good).  Give this a try and you'll never want to use olive oil or butter to season your bread.Then I had the duck breast entree: yum, yuuuuum, tender meat, not gamy, and perfectly garnished with a butternut squash puree mildly seasoned with ginger ("ginger" was not described on the menu, but I'm pretty sure it's in this dish, so if you're not a big fan of that, you might want to try something else).  The prunes give it just the right amount of sweet and tart flavor while the hazelnuts add a nice touch of crunch for texture.  Tried the rapini and brussel sprouts sides: rapini was slightly oversalted (this is the only complaint I would have), but otherwise okay.  Brussel sprouts were excellent.  Just the right amount of char on the outside and soft crunch on the inside.  At the same time, it was appropriated seasoned and the walnuts again added another layer of crunch.  The service was good and the staff were attentive.  My party was initially seated at a very cute corner seat, which would have been really nice, but in the dead of winter, the draft from the entrance had us asking for another seat, which was graciously granted.  Overall, a casual, yet sophisticated place.  Classy place with amazing food without any snobby overtone.  Lolita is definitely not for the faint of heart and anyone on a low fat diet.  Symon admits to using lard, but I have to say, the man puts it to good use!(An aside: I went to B-spot a few times and the New Jack City burger is one of my all time favorite burgers.  So if you want a taste of Symon, but an even more casual and affordable place: B-spot hits the spot every time!)
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,4/16/2014,105,123,1,8,3>We've visited this new location several times and have never been disappointed - but the tasting menu that they do is absolutely perfection.You need to book in advance, but it's seven courses for $65 (chef's choice.)  We had everything from scallops to beet salad to tuna tartare. Everything was delicious and portions were surprisingly generous.  You have the option of sitting at the chef's table or at a regular dining seat - we chose the latter and our service was great.  We were there for my husband's birthday and it is a great special occasion kind of treat.Definitely highly recommend it.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2013,4/15/2014,120,68,3,10,4>I've gone here quite a bit for lunch and I can say I've always walked away happy and satisfied. I suggest sitting at the sushi bar because it gives you the real experience.  The sushi is fresh and I love the lunch special of two rolls or three. I usually get three rolls and it comes with soup and salad  so i always walk away with leftovers. My favorite is the Alaska roll, eel, and avocado and tuna. You also can't go wrong with tempura!!! I recently tried the chirashi and it was delicious. The only thing I don't love about this place is that usually at sushi places if you sit at the bar the chef makes you a special treat. This happens rarely here. Also the service is ok but the food is good and fresh, both qualities I look for in my sushi. The location is great and the atmosphere is tranquil, try this out for lunch, you won't be disappointed!
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,4/14/2014,14,54,7,7,5>Five words: Milk Chocolate Pretzel Crunch Bar.Two more words: Yes, please.Explosion of happiness in my mouth... err um. Okay awkward.Just imagine that Pharrell, "Happy" song in an edible chocolate bar form. The other chocolates I've tried here are yummy too but the milk chocolate pretzel crunch bar is everything. They also have it in a mega size which I would recommend if you want, as Wilford Brimley calls it, diabeetus. Worth it.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,4/13/2014,336,288,5,13,5>A brisk fall evening, I believe the day was Thursday the time somewhere in the neighborhood of 6:30pm. We approached the front of the restaurant and were immediately faced with a decision - one door read Bar Cento, the other Bier Markt. I felt a bit like Neo. Take the red pill or the blue pill. I grabbed the cold handle and swung open the door. A bit dramatic, I know. Besides, both doors lead into the same place. We were immediately greeted by the smiling hostess and lead to a comfy booth along the perimeter of the main lobby. I say lobby because that's exactly what it feels like. Large and open, high ceilings painted white, their original textured tin still evident.Apparently, Bar Cento is more of the restaurant-y head of this hydra while Bier Markt, as its name implies, is the bar. No need to worry, because when you sit down you get menus for both places.Our server was wonderful. He was kind, smiled constantly and attended to our every need. Waters were always refilled and he stopped in a few times to check on our progress. Just the right amount of presence. Where the service did fall a scosche flat for me was in the back of the house. Food preparation is a bit, how shall I say, relaxed. As others have mentioned, the pace of the meals here at Bar Cento can be a tad lax. I wouldn't go as far as to say it was painfully slow, just enough to put the initial thoughts of "Hmm, when do you think our food will arrive?" into your head right before the server drops it off. Here's where the first half star falls.The beer list at Bar Cento is minimalist with most of their efforts focused on wine. They have about a half-dozen draught offerings and a gaggle of pricey big bottles. Bier Markt, on the other hand, is for beer geeks. A Belgian beer bar, they have a super strong bottles list (something like a hundred to choose from) and 30 regularly rotating tap handles with everything from Trappist ales to saisons. They even serve the beers in the proper glassware. Now the rub - having this many taps can lead to the inevitable tap out, right? Unfortunately, on the eve of our visit, it was the dry season. One or two beers out? Sure. But six? C'mon, guys, what's up? And the sound of another half star hitting the ground fills the air.The food was brilliant. There, I said it. This is why I would come back here again, and probably will. A few notes, the happy hour burger special is worth the trip alone, with a normally $12 burger selling for $6 (sans fries, though) and some decent $3.50 beer specials. Now on with the show:Apple Salad - A wonderful fall seasonal offering. Julienned apple slices, local greens, apple vinaigrette, bleu cheese, and candied walnuts. The acid from the vinaigrette, the sweetness from the walnuts and the funk of the bleu cheese - I love this combination. This one varied from what was listed on the meny\u (no Brussel sprouts here) but what I had was delicious.Mixed Greens Salad - Local greens, green olives, almonds, slices of persimmon, parmesan, and white balsamic. My wife really enjoyed this salad. I had never tasted a persimmon before so it was a unique experience for me. The combination of the salty olives and the sweet fruit worked well and you could taste the freshness of the greens.Mushroom Pizza - Food Network rated this the best pizza in Ohio? Sure, it was good, really good, but the best? This pie featured a crispy flatbread style crust, charred perfectly, topped with garlic infused oil, grilled leeks, Mahon cheese, coriander and wild mushrooms. I could have eaten this thing by myself. What the hell is Mahon cheese, you ask? It's amazingly wonderful Spanish cow's milk cheese and you need to put it into your mouth now.Ohio Beef Burger (side of fries added for $4) It had been so long since I had eaten a truly memorable burger I had almost forgotten how good such a simple food could be. The chef nailed the meat temperature at a perfect medium. The meat was juicy, full of flavor and seasoned well. The soft house-made bun was the perfect vehicle and the toppings of sweet grilled onions, Port Salut cheese, mixed greens, and tomato tacit additions. I devoured it and licked every finger along the way. The fries were thick-cut and served with entire cloves of garlic and sprigs of rosemary. Since the garlic was still raw it did very little for the fries. I also found the ketchup a bit pedestrian. A nice garlic aioli or malt vinegar mayo would have made better options.We had a really good time during our visit. With a few minor exceptions the experience was quite near perfect. There's just something that speaks to the soul when it comes to pairing good beer with simple, well-executed comfort foods and Bar Cento and Bier Markt do it right. I'm not sure if I agree with the two-name concept or the slightly confusing menu crossover, but I do agree with the end result. I'm a fan and I am looking forward to another visit.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,4/12/2014,8,79,,6,3>I'm very happy that a mini-gallucis opened on the Westside! I've been here a bunch of times and everything is always fresh and the owners are very friendly. Only place I know in Cleveland with Authentic Chicago style Italian beef which is excellent. They also have some of the best Pepperoni Bread, Italian bread, and  meatballs I've had to date. They also serve as a deli, with an nice array of cheeses, deli meats, olives(castelvetrano), potato/macaroni salad, and some sweets too. Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,4/11/2014,100,260,29,10,9>I'm sitting at Whiskey Dogg as I type this, and I must say, quite frank-ly, that it is quite a Kraut-pleaser. I Relish-ed my delicious Veggie Corn Dog. I've been wanting to come since it opened and luckily I was finally able to ketchup and check it out. My friend said that the pickle on her Muni Lot dog was dill-icious.  Don't be a wiener! Mustard up some appetite and get your buns down to Whiskey Dogg! Our condiments to the chef!
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,4/10/2014,167,334,,9,5>I like Second Sole!  There aren't a ton of running stores around in this area, although over the years I've seen a few more pop up.Tim took tons of time with me making suggestions for shoes, looking at my gait, and he wasn't even too annoyed when I didn't buy anything that day (FYI, I'm planning on ordering the shoes I want with them later this week).  This place was CRAZY busy on Saturday.  After-all it was the first nice day we've had for a long time.  The prices at SS are in line with those online.  So what I'm saying here, is support the local shoe store.I will forewarn, they are not supporters of minimal shoes, so if you're in the market for minimal shoes, you will have to look elsewhere.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,4/9/2014,42,56,1,6,3>I don't do a lot of 5 stars, but this is the real deal.  Straight out of Nawlins, Junior Battiste is careful that every visitor gets a taste of both authentic Cajun cuisine and the hospitality of the culture.  What a guy.This is real étouffée, real gumbo, real jambalaya.  You'll know the difference in first bite.  Ask him one too many questions and he'll be sure to explain the difference between light and dark roux, give you samples to taste, and talk about his favorite flavors.  He just loves food. Period.The quaintness of the place just sets it off. It's awkward. It's cramped. But that's why you'll be back.  Because instead of feeling like a cafeteria it feels like a dimly lit living room with smells wafting from the adjacent kitchen.  For you New Yorkers - you know this setting is special.He best Cajun outside of N.O.  Guaranteed.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,4/8/2014,117,10,10,11,10>Hey you, you little meatball you.I met a girlfriend a couple of weeks ago at Lago and we sat at the bar.  She had whiskey and I chose a fancy drink with lemonade and honey and I don't know what else. Nor do I care, it was just really good. The bartender was a doll.  Delightful personality, fast on the draw, exactly the type you want behind the bar representing your restaurant. As a matter of fact everyone who worked there couldn't have been more welcoming and pleasant.  I read so many reviews on Yelp where the food is excellent but the attitude of the bartenders, servers, hosts and hostesses (do they still call them that? Am I politically incorrect, like calling a flight attendant a stewardess?) ruins the entire experience.  Here this is not the case.  We got the menu, and I loved that they had full plates and half plates.  We both got the Caesar salad and it was the best I've had in years.  My friend got a couple of meatballs with sauce.  I got the pasta with one meatball.  I never thought a little ball of meat could make me so happy.  It was tasty, the sauce had a little after-kick, and most important to me, I didn't find any surprises. No little hard things, bits of bone, gristle, or whatever else a ball of meat can have to offer.  That was one smooth meatball.  This will be my last review for Lago because I don't want to be a bore.  I'm just going back for more meatballs and that's all I'll ever order in the future.  My tastes are very pedestrian.  I don't like bone marrow, pig face, anything like that.  Just give me a Lago meatball and I'll be very happy.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,4/7/2014,34,59,3,6,4>My friend gave the best description of Happy Dog I have heard yet:You're sober and you want to get drunk?  Go to Happy Dog!You're drunk and you want to sober up?  Go to Happy Dog!Their INSANE hot dogs are a great way to start or end you're night.  Always delicious!  Always cheap!  I love their Scantron / Sushi Checklist ordering process.I also love that no matter what I'm wearing, I'll fit in at Happy Dog.  Brooks Brothers shirt and khakis?  I'm being "ironic."  Hoodie and jeans?  I look like the bartenders.  You're ALWAYS dressed appropriately to go to Happy Dog :)Happy Dog really is the ULTIMATE hipster place.  Last time I was there, I had an extensive beard management discussion with the bartender...  This is that kind of place.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,4/6/2014,27,88,,7,2>I've been to Joe's many times over the years. We went to pick up dessert the other day and I realized that I've never written a review!  We love this place so much that we had our rehearsal dinner for our wedding there! They were so cooperative and helped us to customize our menu. For that dinner we had two choices - a chicken dish and corned beef sandwiches. We also had them provide some appetizers and desserts. Food was so good as usual. Prices were reasonable (much more reasonable than some of the other locations we looked at!)  All the guests loved it. The food on other occasions has been wonderful. However, you have to go there knowing you will probably wait for a little while if you are at peak times. With the new, bigger location it hasn't been quite as bad. As far as portion sizes go, they are usually quite large, leaving you with lunch for the next day. I say definitely get their corned beef at least once.Desserts at this place are amazing. On this last trip we got a peanut butter & chocolate cake - so rich and delicious. Looking at the dessert case while you are waiting to be seated really makes you hungry. But like I said, the portions are usually really big, so remember to save room for dessert! So worth it!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,4/5/2014,9,87,1,4,5>And I give this one....four stars! Thank God, recently I had a lot to complain about places I have been, and I like to be a happy camper when I bother to drag myself out and spend money. (I am a bear at heart.) So, I like this place. Originally it took me a while to snoop in, as I heard it was expensive and filled with old people. (I have nothing at all against old people, but sometimes I yearn for that youthful energy!) *Update: they got a new menu and now as opposed to before it IS more expensive than Tommy's, but you get a load of really delicious stuff for your money, and it looks a tic, well, a great TIC actually, more elegant. **I did prefer the earlier, simpler menu, also I eat a lot, but not THAT much. If you can good for you.I am not into fancy-fancy if there is nothing other to it but a big price tag, but if I can get it in a comfy surrounding I gladly say THANK YOU! Design is great, retro chique. Artwork on the wall could be a tad less JC Penny's poster rack style, but the rest is quite alright.Staff is funky, young sweet kids with excellent tattoos and good manners. As opposed to Tommy's they learned how to make a nice, in fact: a great cup of tea and will gladly teach you (even if you already know) but that is fine, spread the culture!French toast, yes: eat it! Fruit, yes they have heard of it and it comes in appetizing goblets, do not ask me how but it is better washed than at most places, although I doubt they shop organic, at least you won't overdose pesticides. It is one of the places where I have been now several times and never made it beyond the all day breakfast, as why go stray if you already found your true love? The question is: are you fulfilled (in this case also: filled) or are you not? And I was, each time, both. So I am sure I will come back for more!I never made it to the bar, for time being. But I am intending to real soon!PS: Someone complained about noise, slow service, lack of seats. I love sitting at the counter, so I could not say, and maybe I stare at people intense enough that they serve me fast to distract my glance, who knows. Basically I had none of these complaints there but I am not saying it did not happen.PPS: I tried to take pictures for YELP but when the food comes I am so fast with it that by the time I could take a picture it is almost gone, so....Oh my...PPPS: They have a seemingly large kitchen and you can see they learn the how-to from scratch. I read in one of the autumn Cleveland magazines the boss hires 'young offenders' (as it was called where I last lived) that have proven themselves worthy or how you might be able to phrase that better. Not exclusively, which now makes me wonder maybe he/ maybe she? But  I know some staff from formerly Phoenix. Anyways: I find that a FANTASTIC idea and am all for it. Support, support, support!!!Also, they support local farms (although many claim that) and they ask Monterey Aquarium for advice on their seafood. That, dear people of Cleveland, is not about which flipper tastes best, but to react to the commonly well overlooked fact that our oceans are drastically over-fished and a simple thing like cod is drastically reduced by demand for fish&chips and that tuna and dolphins tend to swim together, so if you fish for tuna unless you do it a certain way you will automatically also fish for dolphin. And so on. A whole big topic well worth making yourself smart on and I am so glad that the owner of Katz seems to know about this dilemma and tries to deal with it.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2013,4/4/2014,342,426,3,8,6>Such a cool space.I've been to this place numerous times-for local artists and yelp parties and just love it every time.Not only is it an abandoned warehouse turned into an artist haven, it has artist workspaces all over the building. Sure, it's older, but to have a bunch of local artists in one place..especially in a building that's very"CLE" is definitely cool.Additionally, just the other weekend, we found out there was free pinball on certain weekends of the month. Not fancy new pinball, but the old school ones and tons of them on the 3rd floor. Very cool.Highly recommend playing a game of pinball in addition to supporting local art.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,4/3/2014,36,181,,8,5>This has been on my short list of places to try.  I visited there for lunch today and was not at all disappointed.  I walked away happy and full!   The place is small with seating for roughly 15 people.   As other Yelpers have mentioned, the service area is set-up like Chipotle.  I ordered the spicy chicken arepa.   My order started with a grilled corn tortilla sandwich pocket.   The bread was a cross between corn bread and a corn tortilla.  There are numerous options for filling your sandwich.  I opted for brown rice (there was also white rice), spicy chicken (there was also creamy chicken, pork, & steak), fajita veggies, mozzarella cheese, black beans, salsa, guac, romaine lettuce, sour cream and the kicker.....plantains(which I requested, in a separate container on the side).   My sandwich was filled to overflowing.  Each cold option was cool and refreshing and each hot option was piping hot and fresh.   I opted to dine-in.   I started eating the sandwich as hand held, but there was so much "stuff", I had to finish with a fork (no complaints).   There are 4 sauce options on each table.  I opted for a sauce that was orange in color and slightly sweet (kinda like thousand island), which was the perfect balance to the spicy chicken.   The bread was the perfect vessel for the ingredients.  Even though the ingredients were wet and juicy, the bread never got soggy.   I ate every bit (and enjoyed!), of this sandwich.   I saved the plantains for last and oh, what an ending.  They were ripe, sweet and perfectly carmelized!    The counter staff was very friendly and super nice.   This was a GREAT experience, and a little less overwhelming for lunch, than Chipotle.  I am a fan, and can't wait to return.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,4/2/2014,178,357,6,9,7>How have I not wrote a review on this place until now?!!! They have the complete He-Man collectors set. I still watch episodes time to time. Ok all the time, I dress-up too, not the point. I never thought I would see a Ninja Turtle all retorted how they used to make them, not cool like the new era turtles. Entire GI Joe sets. The list goes on....Old candy, toys you forgot existed, extinct anything from your childhood (depending on your age of course). You know when they say,"like a kid in a candy shop?" That kid could be you, in Big Fun!!! Go! Now!Added Bonus. Its close to Tick-Tock Tavern. Still livid they removed my review, it'll be back....
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,4/1/2014,24,107,4,7,3>My wife and I stopped by today for a quick lunch. We had the Bistek, and it was great. My wife took some pork(adobo? Not sure)carry out and some kind of flan or pudding. I would ask her but she's at work. I know the place is good when my wife says it's good, instead of "fine", which really means " it is borderline shite" in Filipino. She's picky with food, especially Filipino fare. MacArthur said he would return but never did. We will  return, asap.Oh, and at the risk of being pedantic, this place in Parma, not Cleveland.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,3/31/2014,134,169,,7,5>I've noticed this place multiple times when I've had a day off and have gone to Kabob House across the way for a falafel. But, today, I finally decided to give Pure and Supreme a shot, and I am SO glad I did.For the most part, I am a vegetarian, and like Jessica I. said- it's nice to have a flavorful and nutritious meal without the overuse of meat substitutes! I talked to the sweet lady at the counter, Amira (I'm sure I butchered the spelling), for a bit when I first got there about the different items on the menu. I went around 1:30pm and there wasn't a rush and it wasn't chaotic or disorganized like one of the reviews mentioned. So, I must've picked a good time. After hearing about a few dishes, I settled on the Vegan Cheese Steak Gyro - Amira said that a lot of the regulars tend to order this every time (tho she's not sure if they just enjoyed it the first time and haven't tried anything else or if it truly is the most popular item). I was told it would be about 7-8 minutes since they make it from scratch, which I was MORE than okay with! A few minutes later, she asked if I wanted to sample their red beans and rice while I waited - of course I said yes, expecting a small sample. She prepared a full bowl of their red beans and rice, complete with cauliflower and some greens on top. It was SO delicious and hearty! As they packed my meal, they gave me a corn muffin as well (delicious, soft, wonderful).The gyro was phenomenal. Similar to Mary F., I have NO idea what the protein part of the Gyro was made of, but what I do know is that it was DAMN delicious!! Super flavorful with lettuce, tomatoes, avocado, and grilled peppers and onions on top. The vegan cheese was also amazing! I always have said I could never be vegan b/c I love cheese (and ice cream) way too much, but I didn't feel like I was missing anything in this meal!For all of this food, I paid 7 dollars. Super cheap for a super filling and delicious meal (I have some leftovers for later, still).I'll definitely be back to try some more things on the menu when I have days off!! I was also told that in about 2 weeks they are changing some of the menu and adding breakfast - they are going to start opening at 8am.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,3/30/2014,46,454,7,13,7>This place rules.  I bring my daughter here all the time for books and a play in the play area.  She loves to pick out old school Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle DVDs to bring home too.   Cowabunga dude.  Location is great but parking can be tight sometimes.  Need a book on Plainfield, Wisconsin's hometown boy Ed Gein?  They can get it.  Need an autobigraphy about Meatloaf?  They can get it.  They have a huge CD and movie selection for adults upstairs but good luck finding the room.  It couldnt be more hidden with zero signs directing you.  Maybe thats just to keep all the troublemakers from finding and stealing their newest copy of Michael Stanley cd's and Harry and the Hendersons VHS.  Also, they keep your keys at the front desk like your entering Fort Knox.  The girls at this desk take their jobs WAY too serious...hillarious.  Stop by, bring the kiddies or just come solo and be the creepy guy in the corner reading old copies of Jet magazie..
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,3/29/2014,442,1404,1,3,2>It is no secret that I love this place.  I mean, totally heart this place.  I woke up completely sore and hardly able to move after a difficult workout.  1-800-Sacred Hour to the rescue.  I usually go to Stephanie and Tammy but because I was booking the same day I randomly chose Lindsay.  Because I was so sore and in desperate need of relief, I was a pig at the trough and booked a 90 minute massage.  (As someone who used to do massage, I cannot stand giving 90 minute massages because they can be tiring and taxing) so I felt kinda bad booking it.  I gotta say...Lindsay did a FABULOUS job.  OMG.  She worked out every ounce of lactic acid and soreness and I felt like a million bucks the next day.  She has a fantastic touch and style, too.  I am sold.  She is now my favorite massage therapist at Sacred Hour.  Highly recommended!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,3/28/2014,36,20,2,9,7>Why I took so long to try Chutney Rolls, I will never know...but I was blown away by the yumminess! It wasn't just the juicy lamb and cute little bite size samosas that deserved a fabulous review, but the customer service was top notch! I had never been in before, so I was doing the whole "stare at the menu and drool" thing...when who I assumed was the owner? manager? anyhow...he came out and gave me the walk through, suggestions, and chatted up about the adventure I was bringing my Roll on :) (I was headed to a weekend of snowy backpacking, and this was the en-route to the trailhead food!). Fun guy! And passionate about his flavors!I will definitely be back! There are so many I need to now try. lolFood = AWESOME.Do try it. You won't be sad.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,3/27/2014,5,19,9,11,10>I write this while cramming their beef kafta into my face right now. Just thought you all should know that. If ithis review is full of typos and grammatical errors it is because I'm only using one hand, my left hand. My dominant right hand has the more important task of cradling this beef kafta sandwich and navigating it towards my face like a deliciously seasoned little airplane. And that work is too important to interrupt even for a single minute.Ever walk into a place and just get the feeling that whoever runs it is really trying hard? They're really invested in making it work and not half assing it? This is one of those places. It isn't a slapped together to make a couple bucks hole in the wall, this place is legit and should be around for a long time to come. If any reader is familiar with the former hot dog shop that occupied this space, you will immediately notice the full gut job renovation they have done. Prior to Falafel X-press it was horrible outdated, dark, there was no where to sit, and the space was not used efficiently at all. Now it is very clean, modern, bright, and there is a decent amount of comfortable seating (something I didn't think they could squeeze in that space, but they managed beautifully). I anticipated the seating to be cramped with other peoples elbows shoved into your face, but no. It is spacious with lots of elbow room.The menu has a good variety of items, both traditional falafel type foods as well as american foods like philly cheese and buffalo chicken with fries. So it is good for groups of people, everyone can find something they like. The food and grill is set up right behind the counter so you can watch everything being made. I don't think I have waited longer than ten minutes (even that is pushing it) for three full meals to be prepared. I was impressed by that.The staff there is very friendly and knowledgable, even when ordering for people with food allergies. The meals also taste really fresh, no soggy grease bombs here. They also have more varieties and styles of baclava than I have ever seen in one restaurant before, each one is very tasty. Crispy and gooey without being so slathered in honey that they are wet and difficult to eat. I also generally feed myself and my two room mates all for about $20 which is a great deal. Think about it, for $6 you can get a disappointingly familiar McHeart-Attack combo meal at the drive through OR you can get some fresh flavorful gyros that are made just as quickly as a fast food burger. I'll take the latter. Not just for the amazing taste but to also delay the time and severity of my inevitable stroke. For those wondering what sets them apart from the other Greek/Mediterranean joints nearby, you simply need to eat more gyros. No two are alike and it is always worth trying a new place. They all have their own little spin and flavorings. Plus, this has decent American grub as well (not just frozen chicken fingers like some places). Also, if you have to drive to get your gyros, this place actually has parking, a rarity in Lakewood.The only little change I would make is that I would love to see them carry beer or some other casual bottled alcohol drinks. Falafel, kafta, and gyros all just go great with a cold beer. BONUS: They also have some unique beverages like Mexican Coke and glass bottled root beer.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,3/26/2014,49,27,8,13,7>If you haven't been to Sweetie Fry, you should go. Seriously, just go. I am not a dedicated ice cream fan but I am a self diagnosed french fry addict so I thought I's try this place out. The fries are out of this world. From their most basic shoestring fries to their complicatedly rich, cheese-laden, bacon topped special orders of fries, you won't be disappointed. Their ice cream is also phenomenal. If you're choosy about flavors, the staff there is super friendly and patient, letting you sample scoop any flavor to your heart's desire. My personal favorite are the Turkish coffee for a sweet and salty kick and the goat cheese if you don't have a sweet tooth that day.Sweetie Fry is an expert at ice cream and french fries and they definitely know their stuff.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,3/25/2014,99,92,,8,3>this place is super cute. the owner makes/reinvents the pieces that she sells. colors are bright and happy. being here inspires me and makes me want to do art! go check this place out. you'll leave with something cute!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,3/24/2014,88,296,2,11,5>Where am I?  Broadview Heights?  I could just as easily be in trendy spots like E. 4th, Tremont or Ohio City.Cork and Cleaver is a MUCH needed addition to the bland suburban offerings that surround it.  We first started our with the Whiskey Fizz and their version of the Moscow Mule.  The whiskey had been aged in house with spices and herbs, and everyone was amazed at the smooth, yet strong taste.  My Mule was great.  Having just gotten one at Society Lounge for exactly twice the price, I was more than pleased with my mule!  I thought it tasted similar, if not better to the expensive mule in the "trendier" spot.We started out with the frites with gravy - a glorious poutine with sausage and savoryness.  There was plenty to share, so much so that we could have halfed the order and still had a good appetizer.  For our entrees, we had the fancy omelet, the Gnocchi with Lamb and the Fried Chicken with Mac/Cheese.  Yum!  Everything was top notch!  The omelets was one of the best, I think I'd ever had (I know, an Omelet usually just tastes like an omelets!), the Mac/Cheese was to die for and who knew a fancy gyro would be so satisfying!  It was excellent food, hand-made and obviously very fresh!  As I was leaving, I saw a whole pig being broken apart in the kitchen - this stuff is done right!For desert we had the pear cassolute with brie ice cream and the apple pierogies.  Yum!  Nothing was too sweet, but the flavors married so well with one another. Overall, I was blown away!  Great drinks, fresh food.  Very fork to table, and who would have thought you'd find that in Broadview Heights?!?!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,3/23/2014,76,89,1,6,5>Ok. I know that people are going to say 'There are better falafel places in cleveland... the falafels are pretty good but not mind blowing... yada yada yada... ' However, you have to rate this place for what it is - a fan-friggin-tastic diner-y place that does the whole middle eastern + breakfast diner fare to cheap awesomeness. Basically, on the food for price thing, this places hits it square on. Deliciousness, without breaking the bank.Also, I want to award something to the mad genius who came up with the falafel omelette. Seriously. Falafel. Cooked inside an omelette. Mind blown. Slather some harrissa hot sauce and some tzatziki on the eggs, and enjoy!Also their baklava - home made by the owners wife - are amazing! They hit this great medium in between the whole too crunchy/soggy, too sweet/bland, too much filling/phyllo dough (?) that places supposedly a lot better can only strive to reach. I am def going back to get breakfast once (or a hundred time) again!
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,3/22/2014,82,187,3,10,5>So pleasantly surprised eating here.  it is a few blocks from home, and have yet to try until now.  It seemed each time we passed this place at night, it looked rather dead, so nothing was ever piquing my interest to try it. Well, we finally did and everything was fantastic.  We were greeted with a basket of bread and two dipping sauces.  Traditional turkish perhaps?  A dill creamy sauce and a hot red sauce.  Neither of the two were as good as an oil or butter, but that's fine.  Falaffal was our choice of hot appetizer and it was delicious.  The flavors were perfect and the dipping sauce complimented it wonderfully.  I ordered a chicken and doner kebob combo plate instead of going with one type of meat.   I'd surely recommend if you like little pieces of meat and different flavors in your mouth.  There are about 6 other kebob options that you can combine to get a little of each flavor.  Such different flavors and all were fantastic.  My date ordered the Lamb Saute which was small pieces of lamb mixed with peppers, onions and maybe other veggies, and a tasty red sauce.  I wish I could pinpoint more precisely the flavor other than delicious.  Dip that rice pilaf into that and you got yourself a meal.  Actually, I think I will try that next time. I also see on their website that they have a great happy hour.  I'm thinking of going back for their $6 wrap with fries, maybe my gyro meat would taste more like the gyro I was craving when it's inside a wrap.  I remember going to Instanbul a bunch for lunch and prices were much more affordable on that menu, so I'm assuming this place is similar (since the menu is strikingly identical).
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,3/21/2014,9,256,,6,3>I can't see Pour as my everyday coffee shop, but it's worth a try and maybe an occasional visit every now and then.  The attention they put into the coffee makes Starbucks and even small coffee shops look like crimes against humanity--from (1) the careful and thorough pre-watering of the coffee filter and dumping out of the excess water, (2) the unscrewing of the individual portion-sized container containing your coffee beans that are then dumped into the coffee grinder, (3) the initial moistening of the coffee grounds into a "bloom" that is then rested for 30 seconds to 1 minute to let the coffee gasses escape (which, as I was informed, reduces the bitterness of the coffee), and, finally (4) the pouring and dripping through of the rest of the water to make that single cup of coffee that you ordered.  On top of that, this entire process is done on a scale to ensure precise measurements.  It's a time consuming (maybe 3 or 4 minutes) but fascinating process to watch, and I think the extra attention does pay dividends in the smoothness of the final product.I thought the layout of the coffee shop was spacious, light, and friendly--some communal tables with built-in tabletop power outlets for laptops as well as a number of counter-style seats.  While you're waiting for your coffee, feel free to read through old copies of Barista Magazine and check out what Fabrizio Sención Ramirez has been up to.Is it worth it?  I think it's worth a try to experience this almost Japanese-bartending-esque approach to coffee; the rest is best left to personal preference.  $3 is quite a premium over the equivalent tall cup at Starbucks.  Adding another coffee and a bagel with cream cheese (the bagel was okay; not a highlight), my total came to $8.30 not including tip.  There was no line for my visit, but even with their multiple coffee-creating stations, I could see even a medium-sized line becoming quite an ordeal given the time and care invested into each cup.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,3/20/2014,63,67,,11,4>The best piece of meat I've had in CLE so far! Came here with friends to celebrate my birthday, so I was definitely in a good mood to begin with. The delicious food and great service made me even more happy! They just recently opened this location, so everything is still new! I got the filet mignon, which was good, but I have to say I really liked my friend's bone-in ribeye better! It was super tender and juicy. I also tried another friend's porterhouse steak. It was also tender and well seasoned. After trying the different steaks with bones still in them, it made me think that I should start switching over from the filet mignon to other cuts of meat! The waiter was kind enough to explain the different cuts of meat etc, since many of us didn't know the differences. We shared appetizers and side dishes, since the proportions are big. We started off with calamari and tuna tartare which were good. I liked the sauce on the fried calamari, and I was extremely happy to see they drizzled it lightly on top. Some places tend to drench the food in sauce and ruin the dish. I liked the plantain chips with the tuna tartare, it gave the dish a nice crunch. For sides we shared the whipped truffle potatoes, which were wonderful. I am a potato lover, so we also got the tater tots which had a delicious mayo based sauce. We also got veggies- asparagus and the brussels sprouts...need to get our daily dose of vitamins of course! For the last side dish, we got the Mac n cheese- very indulgent but oh so yummy! I did get to try one pasta dish that a friend ordered, the linguini with clams. It was pretty good, but since I was in the mood for MEAT, I was happy with my steak! Overall it was a great dinner, the staff was wonderful and I thoroughly enjoyed my meal. I definitely have to come back when I get another hankering for meat!!
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,3/19/2014,146,412,2,4,2>After a spontaneous visit to Piccadilly, I am sold on their artisan organic froyo (with vegan options!) I was skeptical, which is why I held out for so long on a visit...but I was very pleased with the overall experience.The decor is trendy and interesting, it's Cleveland-centric, and they offer great vegan options. When our group entered the store, we were warmly welcomed and given an explanation of how everything worked. It's a per-ounce froyo place with lots of possibilities. I chose the artisan organic tart yogurt and the vegan blueberry...mmm. One thing to note is that because it's vegan (made with coconut milk), it's not as creamy and melts a bit quicker if you're not used to vegan things. Yum. They have lots of topping options, along with organic MOCHI and tons of fruit. They also have nutella and flavored bubbles! I usually go with the mochi and fruit with froyo, and all of it was very fresh.It turned out to be a bit pricy, but I'm willing to pay for it - the whole thing, from the froyo to the overall experience.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,3/18/2014,75,131,3,5,4>So, I really love soup, but Pho is a step up, with various kinds of meats and healthy veggies, it definitely can be a meal in itself. That's why Pho and Rice is one of my goto spots now.Tucked next to Grumm's on Coventry, this little place serves a decent sized portion, great appetizers, other items such as Pad Thai and the like, their menu is replete with tasty stuff that'll warm you inside and out. Parking is just around the corner, either street or at the Coventry Garage, and, the service was really good. I also was really happy with the dish of extra veggies (sprouts, fresh basil, etc.) that they give you add body to an already packed bowl. From first drop to last, it was a treat. So, if you want something tasty whilst out on the go, stop up in the Heights and get thee some Pho:)(Yes, I am getting cornier:)
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,3/17/2014,100,124,,10,3>Our party of four had no reservations and were told 40 minutes.  Try 10!  Place has been open a week; bartenders in the weeds.  Stuff we expected.  Remember 5 stars is relative to the establishment. The bartenders were frazzled, no doubt about that. Got their attention, great selection of craft beers and about 12 drafts.   Place is warm and cozy, some remnants of the coffeehouse the place once was.  Not that is a bad thing.I am sure if one of the neighboring establishments opens up and they knock out walls they will have no problem filling the place.I had buffalo chicken sand, was clearly homemade, panko crumb base, sauce was very mild.  Could have been much hotter.  Onion slaw and great bun...was an awesome sandwich.  Fries were great too.  Cleaned the plate.It's a great place to nosh, have good drinks, and the food is NOT heavy.  I do not recommend this for kids as it's more adult-minded.   Their menu is fluid now and once they get thru the growing pains I am sure they will be a mainstay of mine.  For 6 beers and two sandwiches we ended up around $44.  Not to shabby.   I'd recommend reservations though.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,3/16/2014,23,125,2,21,3>This is an updated review to my previous experience.Last time, my experience was poor. However, the food was fantastic. I promised myself I would return to Hot Or Mild, because the food was so good, in hopes that the service would improve.Today my experience was perfect. My coworker ordered food over the phone and picked it up after 15 minutes. Everything was perfectly cooked and the taste (arguably the most important part) was fantastic! You can tell they were just a bit rough around the edges when first opening. I am sure they will continue to improve (not that they need to after my experience today).I again ordered Chicken Tikka Masala but this time I also purchased Samosas. With the samosas they include 2 chutneys. One hot one mild. The samosas were very flavorful! This time they gave me lots of rice and I mixed my chicken tikka masala in and ate the whole thing!I now believe that this restaurant is my favorite indian joint. It is really hard to beat the price for the taste.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,3/15/2014,92,94,,5,4>My first impression of this place was amazing. My boyfriend and I went for something different. We love happy hour and have been almost everywhere in the Tremont/Ohio City area multiple times. This particular night I got off work early so we were not rushed and could pick a nice spot to enjoy Happy Hour, etc. I'm giving this place five stars for the service, drinks, & atmosphere. This is a social bar with sociable people. The bartender (I want to say kristen?) is awesome. She has a fun personality and interacts well with guests/recommendations. The drinks are delicious, I'm obsessed with the Ginger Cosmopolitan. One of the best drinks I can remember. A lot better than a normal Cosmo. The first time I went we got the pot stickers of some sort (beef?) maybe, 2 different sushi rolls, and something else, we also tried the calamari. All of the food was fantastic. I found the sushi was great! I love spicy tuna and they had a great spicy tuna. Another time there I tried the burger -- was not really a fan to be honest. But, the fries were great. As I said, I've met some very cool and interesting people at this bar which is a sure sign of a great spot!! If you haven't been yet, I suggest you try it!
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,3/14/2014,130,58,1,8,5>Took a visiting friend here since she loves this movie and we had a great time! As other reviewers mentioned, in the movie they only used the exterior of the house but the interior was converted to look like the movie.  During the tour they explain to you the history behind the house and the movie, what happened to it and all the props used during the movie.  The guide is super knowledgeable and I thought it was fun learning what happened.  If you're a big fan of the movie you'll see all kinds of goodies.  Admission is $10 and I didn't think it was too bad to support this museum since it's one of the things that makes Cleveland unique.  Every now and then I see groupons for admission if you're looking to save.  I recommend checking it out if you have a weekend afternoon free.  I went in the winter and it was extra magical. :)
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,3/13/2014,48,38,3,12,6>We "discovered" this place last Friday, and planned our Sunday just so we'd have a reason to drop by again. It's a little slow, and it might take a few minutes for anyone to acknowledge you, but the food is worth it. When we were there on Sunday, they even had fresh chickpeas! Have you ever had a fresh chickpea? There is a reason the saying, "two chickpeas in a pod" does not exist, because chickpeas live lonely lives in their individual pods. Also, my dear Yelp friend PW gave this place 5 stars (actually, everyone who has reviewed this place has, which should tell you something) and he has great taste. Celebrity endorsement!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,3/12/2014,88,79,4,9,3>There is only one negative about Gypsy Bean, but I actually look on it as a positive, even if it's occasionally inconvenient. There are only 2-3 electric sockets in the entire place. This means that you might actually find people in here reading books or newspapers, or perhaps speaking with other people.That said, Gypsy Bean is the best cafe/coffee house in Cleveland. There is no second place. The food is really, really good. I'm always pleasantly surprised. I don't like tomato soup, but their tomato soup is one of my favorite soups.And, the signature lattes are awesome. I always get them iced, which is the way to go for sure. I am a fan of them putting the tables out on the sidewalk. In conclusion, stop by here for coffee before or after your movie at the historic Capitol Theater-your play at the Cleveland Public Theatre-your play at Blank Canvas Theatre-your shopping trip to Turnstyle/Yellowcake/Retropolitan/iLTHY-dinner at Stone Mad/Luxe/XYZ-hell, your Romanburger at Mr. Hero-your appointment at Honeycomb Salon-etc.Wow...that's a lot of stuff to do right in Gordon Square, huh?Yes, it is.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,3/11/2014,37,274,1,10,3>BIG HUGE washers and driers that work!!!!!Pretty clean and well lit with attendants near by for help.My 80 lbs of bedding was due for a vigorus wash and I was pleased to see and smell how well their washers work. Maybe a bit pricy but my washer at home is WAY too small for even my down comforter...So out they came with that fresh washed/dried scent and I was a happy little snot!!!!
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,3/10/2014,84,191,1,6,4>There are 2 parking lots, the one right off of Superior actually takes you to the service loading dock for the grocery (and a sign that says not to enter...but if you go quickly no one will notice). And you'll be right at the restaurant section! Otherwise you have to go out to the sidewalk to enter another parking lot and enter the shopping complex through the main entrance. Awesome selection and a had a fun time walking around here for the first time. We found fake beef and chicken (or maybe it was pork? we're not so sure.. its called "vegan soy chunk") and some canned vegetarian duck (I have yet to try that!) and a significant fake beef jerky section. The place has an entire aisle dedicated to ramen. Thank god some of the packages have english on them, so we were able to spot at least 1 vegetarian package. (the Maruchan "oriental" ramen that is in most grocery stores is not vegetarian), only "Top Ramen" brand oriental is vegetarian - which can be hard to find sometimes! They also carry canned and fresh jackfruit, which some vegan recipes call for. Some produce is by far cheaper here than even walmart (zuchinnis) but others are not (avocados).And while the place was packed, it was because we came the weekend of the Chinese New Year celebration, so will have to go again to get a sense of what the checkout lines are like on a normal day.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,3/9/2014,34,24,5,8,4>As a diabetic, I should never go near Campbell's ever again. But I'm sure I will. And I'll only feel a little guilty about it. (And none of this is their fault - it's my own lack of being able to do things in moderation that's the issue... just to be clear.) The cupcakes are pretty yummy - not the best I've ever had anywhere, but solidly tasty, and ginormous. Lots of variety in flavors, not a dud in the bunch of the ones I've now tried (which is too many of them for me to admit publicly, but the sea salt caramel was the star for me). There are a lot of yummy looking caramel apples - including a buckeye version - and marshmallow and chocolate treats. I haven't gotten to try these bits of yummy just yet, but I will, eventually. (Have to give the guilt a little while to subside from the last visit.) And then there's the popcorn. Oh, I do love popcorn. So does Campbell's. It shows. I didn't count how many different flavors there were, but I cannot even manage to recall all of the flavors I saw... Being able to taste a bunch of the flavors before buying was helpful only in that it made me want to buy one of every flavor I tried. The regular suspects are deliciously done - cheese, butter, caramel - but there's so much more... who would have thought that strawberries and creme popcorn would be so. damned. good.? (The garlic parmesan is also amazing... and the vanilla butternut... and the caramel apple... and white cheddar jalapeno... and yes, this list could go on for a long time...)Also, super nice and friendly staff. The fellow behind the counter who put up with my indecision on the half dozen cupcakes I was choosing was kind of insanely chipper - in a good way - and was super nice. It wasn't that fake "I'm being nice to you because I'm paid to be" either -- there was something very sincere about his enthusiasm. He *likes* working there. That says a lot about the company to me - these are the things that will make me a faithful customer. I visited the W 25th location the next day for the first time (and took a different companion along) - about the same selection (though they had ice cream) and same happiness coming from the staff. So I will go back, even though I shouldn't. Soon.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,3/8/2014,103,97,,10,5>Miles Market is a fresh produce lovers dream!They have a great variety of fruits  and veggies, along with a fabulous selection of cheeses! The best part about this store is its prices. Right now, for example, I've been able to find not only the cheapest, but the best quality pomegranates, figs, mangos, and persimmons anywhere!Be warned that it is relatively small, and does get pretty swamped on the weekends!All in all, this is a great store to do your grocery shopping!
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,3/7/2014,168,231,1,12,6>We were at Playhouse to see Wicked; we used the yelp app to find a place nearby that sounded good to dine at.  My friend is a vegetarian, so this place was perfect.  We both had miso soup and shared an order of edamame.  She opted for some noodle bowl filled with fragrant broth and fresh vegetables.  She really liked it.  I opted for salmon teriyaki and it was delicious.  We didn't order anything special to drink.  The place is small but nice, not pretentious, and the waitress was very nice and efficient.  You can easily eat here and be stuffed for $30/2 peeps.  They also had a niceLooking sushi/sashimi bar; tiny, but clean.  I was very surprised at how good the food is and how much I like this place.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,3/6/2014,107,133,,8,4>I discovered this restaurant via a random yelp search for Chinese food, and wow - I'm very glad I tried it!  I think this unassuming little place at CSU might have just become my newest go-to spot in the city for authentic Chinese and Taiwanese food, particularly beef noodle soup and bubble tea!So first of all, the bubble tea. Those from the coasts might be familiar with a couple of very large bubble tea chains.  This restaurant is the first place in Cleveland to partner with one of these chains.  This means that they are following a recipe specified by the chain store - thus, it is a bit formulaic, but also tried-and-true.  We tried both warm and cold bubble tea here.  The consistency of the boba was perfect, and the warm tea was made very well.  The cold bubble tea was on the sweet side but still better than anything else I've had in Cleveland.As for food, we had Taiwanese minced meat over rice (rou zao fan), Taiwanese beef noodle soup (niu rou mian), and salt and pepper fish fillets (jiao yan yu pian).  The minced meat dish was not perfectly authentic - the consistency of the meat was a little different - but it still tasted pretty good.  The beef and the broth in the noodle soup were flavorful and authentic and I loved it!  Though I do admit they used a different noodle from what I am used to.  The fish fillets were also spot on - fried well with just the right amount of spice. The atmosphere is crisp and open and feels sort of like a coffee shop, designed as a place for students to hang out.  As someone else mentioned they also have games - that is - playing cards, Uno, Chinese Chess, Go, and a couple of Chinese games that I have never heard of.  The owner is very friendly and chatted with us a bit, and the prices are pretty fair.I'll definitely be back here for more bubble tea and to try a couple more dishes.  Might even come back next week.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,3/5/2014,15,103,1,8,6>Another hidden jewel in Cleveland. The two upstairs theaters (used to be the balcony in the original grand theater) are intimate. Watching movies in them is charming, and again...intimate. The main theater downstairs is just lovely. Very elegant. Concession stand knows their popcorn. They make it fresh, as opposed to most modern cineplexes. That stuff is perfect. Perfect butter and salt ratio. I took mine home for later. Mmmm. They sell beer! And finally, they show first run movies and old favorites and classics! Perfect.We love date night here. It feels like an event visiting this theater. And no mall rats to bother us! Win!
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,3/4/2014,178,91,7,14,12>I was nearby the Akron-Canton airport and asked a friend who lived close to the area what she recommends for dinner - she said Cilantro is the best. So of course I had to see the Yelp reviews first - not bad so we went. With a restaurant who serves Thai and sushi I was sold! When we entered the place, I was excited that we made it for happy hour - win! Half off of their martinis. However, we had to figure out the hostess table because it was way too far to the left. After asking do we seats ourselves and looking like a newbie I proceeded to hike to my left passing several tables. Granted the venue had a lot space but thought after standing there for a few minutes, it was off placement of the hostess table. We were greeted by friendly staff and our server did an awesome job checking on us regularly. The restaurant looked cleaned and enough tasteful decorations for ambiance.Because it was happy hour and drinks were half off - I immediately went to their martini drink list. I asked our server what she recommends, hands down it was the Oh La La Lychee martini. It was yummy - a great balance of sweet and vodka plus had two juicy lychee fruit in the martini - score! We ordered the chicken coconut soup first  because it was freezing outside. Wow - This is a must order! The soup was creamy with just enough lemongrass for tartness, meaty sliced of chicken, plump tomatoes, fresh scallions, and of course topped with cilantro. It was so good! For appetizers we ordered the Papaya salad and the sushi hand roll called Japanese bagel - both delicious! The papaya salad was fresh tomatoes and peanuts - yum!  Another appetizer we ordered was the Japanese bagel which is a sushi hand roll. I never had one but seeing someone else at Yelp posting a picture earlier made me want to try one. It consist of fresh cut salmon, cream cheese, and cucumber. I will definitely order this again! For main course we ordered two items. One was the yellow curry. We can pick which meats we wanted on our dish. We picked the chicken. It was great balance of meat and vegetables. The spices and sauce was just perfect. It was the best yellow curry we had thus far! The second item we ordered was the fish in garlic sauce. You had a choice of fish - walleye or tilapia. I chose walleye which is in the perch family. The fish was fried to perfection! Crispy on the outside, and moist in the inside with the right balance of garlic sauce. It comes with a bed of steamed carrots and cabbage under the fish and steamed broccoli and baby corn on the side. It was amazingly good! For dessert, we ordered the mango sticky rice. Our server let us know it was seasonal due to the mango, but the ripe mangos came in and had it tonight. Our lucky night! It is sweet sticky rice topped with ripe mango with sweet sauce surrounding it. So good!As you can read in my review, from soup to dessert this restaurant has won me over! I highly recommend this place. Great food and service, we will be back again.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,3/3/2014,97,533,1,11,3>Is there anything that Zack Bruell can't do? Kafeteria is definitely a cut above your typical corporate watering hole. My first visit was shortly after opening, so there were some missteps which I will chalk up to being new. Missing barbecue sauce, slightly overdone falafel, a little too much oil in the pad Thai. Nothing that can't be ironed out. Its strength lies in its variety of appealing choices (including good vegetarian options) at reasonable prices. This will be in my lunch rotation for sure, and I look forward to seeing it get better.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,3/2/2014,30,393,2,5,4>After spending a chilly morning at the Brecksville Nature Center in the Metroparks feeding chickadees, my boyfriend and I wanted to grab some quick grub for lunch. I used my trusty Yelp app and found The Courtyard Cafe. Nestled in a bustling strip mall, I didn't expect much, but I was really pretty pleased with this restaurant. You can definitely tell that it's a locally owned establishment - but in a good way. There's all kinds of neat Cleveland memorabilia on the walls and there's a huge bar area. It's so nicely decorated that you wouldn't know you're in a strip mall, if that makes any sense. I ordered a half avocado sandwich and a half garden salad. Hooray for vegan food! My sandwich was really good. Instead of using a sauce to flavor the veggie sandwich, they used super fresh guacamole. I was impressed. (nothing is sadder than wilted or gross guac) My boyfriend ordered a burger, fries, and a cup of their French onion soup. He liked his meal although the fries were a little bland. Overall, The Courtyard Cafe seems like a great little local restaurant, and if I'm ever in the area again, I'd definitely stop back.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,3/1/2014,110,90,1,7,5>Came here after watching a movie at Capital Theater. There was a bit of wait since many of the movie-goers came here as well. Anyhow I ordered the salted caramel ice cream and my gf had the handmade root beer. These were brought out to us at our table. The ice cream was well size for being a single scoop. I had it in a sugar cane cone over a bowl. The ice cream was very delicious! It was very creamy and the flavor of caramel was evident. However it was a bit salty compared to other handmade ice cream places. The root beer was served in a very big glass (we ordered the regular size), definitely enough to share. The root beer had great flavor and you can tell it was made the old fashion way with sugar cane and not that fake sugar! I can't wait to try other flavors here!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,2/28/2014,49,73,5,9,6>I love taking people (family/friends, not hostages) to Beer Engine because there is something delicious on the menu for everyone's individual tastes. Everyone is always super happy with their meal and the beer options too. The burgers are some of the best in CLE. Super flavorful and juicy and always perfectly cooked to order. Really love the thin cut rosemary fries as well. I was really surprised to like the fried pickle spear that tags along with the burger. I think you have to order the fries (or another side) separately and at an additional cost).I'm not too knowledgeable about beer but they have a fantastic selection of bottles and drafts. I always find something great to drink. I've always had decent service. Usually pretty easy to find a parking spot. Patio for outdoor drinking and/or dining. I will warn that they get really busy during prime dinner hours so you might have to wait for a seat at the bar or a table.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,2/27/2014,119,88,3,11,5>This is by far my favorite Chinese restaurant in Cleveland. I love coming here with either a huge group of friends to take advantage of the karoke rooms (feels just like you're in China), or just with a friend or two for a late night snack. Their food is always authentic and the service is so FREAKING fast. One time, my co-workers and I were so hungry that we called ahead while we were in the car (about 5-6 minutes away), ordered and when we got to the restaurant, our food was sitting waiting for us. Piping hot and delicious (as always). The owner is especially nice and takes good care of his customers. He always has good recommendations and really seems to have a genuine interest in the dining experience of his customers. Best part is, if you pay with cash, you get 10% off your entire bill!
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,2/26/2014,28,58,3,7,4>When I first walked in, I thought the place was weird and I wasn't going to like it. There was just an odd crowd there, but they were there for the band that was playing. We were there for the bowling, which is an old alley, but that's what gives it its charm. There weren't that many people there, just a few of the other lanes were taken, but that was okay with me. It was fun, and while we were bowling my boyfriend would run down to the bar and got us drinks--and then the tacos. Oh wow the tacos. They were $3 each, which I thought was a little pricey for a beef taco, but it actually had flavor to it. I feel like a lot of places, like Merry Arts, don't add any seasoning to their tacos. It's just ground beef in a shell. Not this place! These were some of the best  tacos I've had in a loooooong time. By the time we left, around 8 or 9, there were more bowlers and the bar area was pretty packed. The bar area looks like it is part of a completely different restaurant--very nicely decorated, a more intimate atmosphere. If you know how to keep score in bowling and like tacos, this is a good place to go.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,2/25/2014,6,103,3,8,6>As a girl who spent three weeks trekking through China and eating anything and everything, Li Wah is traditional perfection. The dim sum is delicious. The dumplings are great, the pork buns are inspirational, the chicken feet are pretty tasty, and everything look scrumptious. The cart-pushers are very accommodating to people who are new to dim sum, and they're constantly stopping by with more treats to try. Plus, it's crazy cheap if you're eating in a group. A meal for seven ended up being $7 a person, including tip. Li Wah is my new favorite weekend brunch spot.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,2/24/2014,10,27,2,9,8>The new renovation takes this place world class. Beyond doubt. Now rivals Tate Modern in London, my favorite museum in the world. Enter here, and you forget CLE is a rust belt city in endless decline, instead touching the proudest broadest shoulders of a once great glorious giant.Original building is a Cleveland early 20th century masterpiece. Tiffany torch lamps in the grand lobby echo industrial domination long since past into the mist. New building is flooded with natural light, making the art pop. The collection is unsurpassed anywhere in the country save New York's Met. And the new Atrium is a cathedral to modernity, soaring as Cleveland once did.What a treasure.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,2/23/2014,299,26,1,8,5>Who doesn't love a good comedy show?? This past weekend was not a let down.  John Caponera headlined and I almost fell out of my seat laughing.  The place was packed and the energy of the audience kept everyone on the edges of their seats.  The only problem I have with this venue, is the price of the cocktails.  Two drinks at the bar were almost $20.  Yuck!!!  My cucumber martini was amazing as usual but geesh, at almost $13 a pop, its only a one and done.  I will say though, that the bar and the entertainment that is put on in this nestled away gem, is always spot on!!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,2/22/2014,144,144,,6,4>As a self proclaimed soup connoisseur, I was thrilled to finally try this place for delivery. We used this delivery service (review coming soon). We had the fried chicken steamed bun, the braised rib rice plate and the college ramen. They were all yummy in their own right. The ramen definitely reminded me of the ramen I lived off of as a teenager, except better. But I definitely will try another soup next time. The steam bun was divine, my only complaint, too small. The rice place was good, maybe a little too onion-ey. It also came with green peppers, but I could do without onion next time. All in all, solid restaurant. Definitely craveable, I'll be back soon!
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,2/21/2014,196,218,8,14,9>Parking: There is a parking lot right in front of the restaurant, and it costs about $2 per hour. You can also find some free street parking nearby though! Ambiance: Dimly lit restaurant with some interesting wall decor. Most of the clientele seem to be older people in their 40s-60s. Service: Great service!! There are constantly waiters coming to your table to fill your water and bread plate! Food: Some things I tried include:- Escargo: Loved the flavor! It was escargo in a rich, creamy sauce. The portion size wasn't too big though for $12. Despite the price, I would definitely get it again! - Cassoulet: Duck confit, lamb, and 2 sausages with white beans. This was a huge portion! It was a bit salty for me though, but I definitely recommend this for all you meat lovers :) - Veal: This dish had sooo many layers of flavors and the meat was so tender. It's unbelievable! Overall, I'm very satisfied with L'Albatros! :)
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2013,2/20/2014,31,136,4,4,3>This place is crazy! I don't even know where to start, really. Ok- I do. Start with the bakery section (unless you're diabetic and can't eat sweets) and grab at least one slice of cake. Maybe two- why not three? You're doing research, right? I like the carrot cake. I love it really. Unless you're there and it's near closing time I think you should not get the last slice of carrot cake because it's possible that I might be coming in and then I wouldn't have any carrot cake- that would be really rude of you. I know you're not like that. Chocolate mousse cake thingies and other cheese cakes and cakes are also great- if you see your favorite dessert you should get it and I imagine pretty soon that the lovely woman behind the counter will soon know what you want before you make your request!While knocking over people to get to the baked goods you'll have passed the prepared food section where some great noodle and olive salad things can be found along with too many other tasty dishes for you to take home and warm up for dinner. They've got an olive bar, a lovely deli section, and at lunch you can grab a sandwich or other quick bite OR stand in line OR if you're on top of things you can phone in an order. I will say (and I do hate to say a bad thing about the place!) I'm not the biggest fan of their pizza squares that are ready for drop in lunchers.Their selection of Italian goods is amazing. I'm not Italian so I can't vouch for anything more than massive selection! I love their spice selection. It's just great! They also have a huge selection of wines. I'm limited in my knowledge of wine as well, but; I can say they've got a variety. And I've never been in the store when finding someone to answer questions or help you find something was a problem.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,2/19/2014,129,81,,10,5>Love this place. But have to admit I passed by it a few times afraid to walk in and explore. It was a cold day in December and I was walking through the 5th St. Arcade with my mom and sister and the nice gentleman working lured us in. First with a sample and then with his charm.Do you like tea? Different kinds? Detox? Sleepytime? Winter Berry? Citrus?....there is a whole rounder of teas to smell and try. You then purchase the amount you would like, I purchased a box of 100 tea bags to put the serving size of tea in, and was off to try them at home. Love! Can't wait to go back and try more flavors.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,2/18/2014,53,187,,8,5>I was so excited to find this place and we really did luck into it. It's at great northern behind Sears and you can only get to it from outside. Definitely a tricky location and not a place you will drive by. Lucky for me, when we Yelped "burgers" it came up. The Rail is a local chain that has a great burger menu and touts local ingredients and local beers.The food was really good, but our burgers suffered from temperature consistency. Mine was perfectly cooked at my requested medium, the husband's was well done even though medium was requested. It happens... My burger, the tourist, was delicious. All the toppings were perfect. The hubs got the BBQ burger and it definitely needs more BBQ. The waitress said that was a common complaint, so I'm sure it will be fixed. The Rail is a great addition to the westside and especially to the mall area. I like it much better than bspot.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,2/17/2014,22,41,,10,5>Smokey beverages, mermaid drink stirrers, monkeys surfing in a giant burning volcano?  Yes please.  And more.  And then another.  And then don't even think about driving.I wasn't sure what an "authentic tiki bar" was until Porco's, but now I know it's a delightful, quirky establishment with well balanced beverages, incredible service, and tacos.  It's not the easiest location to find, and it's certainly not walkable... but this little slice of tiki glory is easily one of the best bars in Cleveland.  The drinks are incredible... they are measured and perfected.  Each sip is a delight.  Between the four of us we covered a substantial amount of beverages, and we were thrilled with the variety and quality we experienced.Go here.  Go now.  And decide on a DD early on!
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,2/16/2014,263,228,4,10,8>after you taste ityou might be disappointedin your grandma's pieBeing a baking dilettante, I had attempted pie crust in the past, with horrible results.  I was convinced that you needed to have a special gene to get it right, or you had to make it hundreds of times to learn how to make that elusive, flakey crust.  Crust is key in pie, and if you are not using lard, you're doing it wrong.  Humble Pie's crust is pie crust perfection personified.  Next, the filling.  Always locally sourced and organic, therefore seasonal. There will be no strawberry pie in the winter. It's all about local availability. And there will be no preservatives as well, not that it would be an issue once you taste it. These pies will not last long enough to need them.Aside from the standard crust topping, there is a crumb topping on some pies as well.  Both are flawless.Now, like anything this good, availability is limited. They are available at a few local farmers markets and at a restie called Sara's Place in oh-so-tony Gates Mills. They can also be ordered for pick-up I'm pretty sure.If you spot some humble pie, just get it. OK?  OK!Carry on.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,2/15/2014,34,407,,5,3>A great culinary adventure into non-traditional Italian cuisine.  Chinato is a vision of chef Zack Bruell's approach to flavor and what Italian cuisine could be, perhaps should be. Made reservations earlier in the week and they called to confirm.  Parking was convenient on East 4th with their $15 valet.Their host and hostess seemed detached, almost as if it was a bother for them to seat you. Mind you, it's freezing cold outside and we're in heavy coats.  They didn't even offer coat check and we had to ask about that service.  Ultimately they did hang our coats, and then they came back and threw the claim card on the table.Our table server was fantastic.  She had an excellent knowledge of the menu and wine list and we felt she made some great suggestions.The food was really good. Started with their gnocchi that just melted in the mouth, next was egg battered chicken which was nothing short of amazing. Desserts were disappointing. They depart from traditional cannolis  to offer ones with a boring, bland cream and a citrus glaze.  Bleh. Not a treat I could ever recommend.Overall I was pleased and will definitely return. The bathrooms are down stairs next to a party room.  Wouldn't want to host a party there as the whole time you'll have restaurant patrons walking through to use the bathroom.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,2/14/2014,57,75,3,8,4>I don't know what I can add, so I'll list some of my favorite things to get at the WSM.1. A regular falafel wrap with hummus and hot sauce at Maha's (the best ever infinity forever). Eating it on the balcony.2. Tofu Summer rolls and giant samosas from Kim Se.3. My produce lady. She is sincere, friendly, doesn't try to swindle me, insists on giving me extra apples for free, and is a good mom. Her son is polite and knowledgable and her husband is great too. 4. Pierogi palace and Ohio City Pasta, Yum. My friend from NYC pre-orders dozens of vegan pierogi before she comes into town!5. Everything at Orale. Check out their restaurant just down the street next to Deering Vintage. 6. Cheese. So much cheese. Irene Dever and Meisters are my favs but I like Anne Marie's for weird stuff too. 7. Fresh juice. Campbell's owns the juice stand, their sweets and popcorn counter, and the cupcake place, FYI. They refuse to accept the Ohio direction card though. 8. The joy of unexpectedly getting a pineapple for $1.00 (etc.)Things that I do not love: tourists and the parking situation.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,2/13/2014,95,116,2,4,2>Place is so good in it's own unforgiveable bourgeois way that I can easily see how it can motivate masses to skip paying taxes or even rob banks. Trust me, their scallops are that criminally good. The service makes you feel like Prince William is your redheaded step-brother and they have been waiting on the edge of the seat to wait on your hand and foot. Did I believe that my salmon was helicoptered in this morning from some cold Norway? Yes, it was. For its all $36 worth I plan to believe in that story and you'd better do the same. I thought place is the best in summer when you can sip on the cocktails and watch Cleveland skyline from the deck but turns out it's absolutely magical in winter as well. And for those who are still circling the dating drains: yes it is worth to take a girl here on a date. First of all, she will appreciate it more than some authentic discounted Asian noodles facing the kitchen in Tremont; and secondly, no she is not going to think you own a borehole in Middle East and will buy her Gucci every weekend. Why not? Maybe because she googled you in and out. Or if not maybe because you drove her there in the Honda with a mileage equal to 3 trans-Atlantic flights. Regardless she will never forget Pie W. Or you.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,2/12/2014,68,481,,8,3>This place has already experienced quite an evolution already, if you ask me, and a positive one at that. I think the 5th star will be granted when I finally get service with a smile...I really like this space. I liked garage bar for the patio and I sometimes reminisce about the PBRs that were enjoyed there, but I think Nano Brew is a great addition to the area. I've only ever had a burger and a hot dog here. The burger was juicy and delicious and the hot dog...oh boy the hot dog. If you know me, I'm a sucker for hot dogs. The menu described the "Soggy Dog" as having chili, cheese and jalepeno sour cream with chips. I was SO excited...then I got the dog. WITH THE CHIPS ON IT. Then, I was SHOCKED AND ELATED. The chips were delicious and the soggy dog was definitely soggy and amazing. Such a good mass of flavors and textures! I couldn't finish it, but I have a goal to try again and succeed! The only problem with this place is the service. Every time I've ever been here, no one has smiled. Not one smile. The staff is either very unhappy about their work environment or they just hire unhappy people here. I feel like the vibe from behind the bar brings the whole atmosphere down a couple of notches. If the staff would just HAVE.SOME.FUN, I think the everyone would perk up a bit.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,2/11/2014,71,29,2,6,3>After eating here last night, I was so full and happy that I went to bed and had a great night's sleep. The appetizers (baked artichoke dip and calamari) were delicious but the steak (center cut filet mignon) with a side of broccoli was divine. Best steak I've had in a long time.I also had the French onion soup which is different than a traditional clean onion soup. There was more flavor in the broth and I believe the crouton was toasted. For dessert I had the cheesecake which was caramel that night (chef's choice). It was a true light but still rich cheesecake with just enough caramel flavor.The decor had a warm but sophisticated feeling just like the name implies. Finally the service was excellent. There was a snow storm that night and we had friends coming from afar. So we say, drank, and ate appetizers for an hour before ordering and they were always attentive and genuinely friendly.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,2/10/2014,81,226,4,10,4>This is a new restaurant after Mekong River stopped their business. I don't know what happened, but it is a lotus thai house right now. The place is fairly empty and the waiter was pretty friendly and let us pick our own seats and tables. We ordered two appetizers: shrimp in the blanket and puffy curry. They were very yummy and well made! The shrimp dish was deep fried enough to have the crispy shrimp shell that was totally eatable but not burned or too oily. The flavor was pretty good as well. The puffy curry was very flaky yet soft. The curry inside was very yummy as well. My friend from malasia said that it tasted very similar to one of their dishes in malasia. although both appetizers were fried, they were in no way too oily. For entree, I ordered lad nah with chicken. I don't know about other dishes, but mine was pretty good. Very flavorful. The chicken however may need some more work - it was a little too cooked so it came off very dry and kinda hard. It also needed more flavor in the chicken.Service was great! The waiter was very friendly and willing to accommodate to our friend's taste - i.e. make it more spicy and add some garlic to the dish. When we were driving out of the parking lot, I was still debating whether I should give this restaurant a 4 or 5 star. Then we saw our waiter RUNNING out of the restaurant with only his tshirt on in this cold, snowing day to catch us because one of our friends forgot his beanie on the table. At that moment I was like YEAH FIVE STAR IT IS!
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2013,2/9/2014,110,405,,7,3>This place is TINY. But believe it or else, I have been in smaller ones. Very nice selection, not too many commons. Cool clerk, cool location. Low low prices. They give out Facebook updates of stuff they get in from time to time which is what prompted me to go in the first place. If I was just starting out in this hobby, this would be a goldmine. I, having been collecting some 20 years now, am really hard to impress or surprise. But a young cat could make this a good starting point much like I did with Platterpuss back in the 90's. It has that feel to it.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,2/8/2014,19,18,2,7,4>this is my go-to place when i need a break from all the noise around me specially coming from work where all i hear are call lights and monitor alarms. so peaceful and quiet. you can really appreciate nature.. it's a happy place when i just get to sit on a wooden bench, close my eyes and listen to the birds singing, leaves and tree branches dancing with the wind gusts and feeling the cool, gentle breeze through my skin..:) i just love being here..
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,2/7/2014,40,84,,4,2>After being here twice--once for evening drinks and nibbles and once for brunch--I can confirm what a few other reviewers have mentioned: the vibe really changes depending on when you're at Town Hall. That said, both experiences have been great. Food: delicious. The prosciutto wrapped dates are worth a trip on their own. But more on the dinner later. My brunch meal was stupendous. I decided to splurge and got the grilled cheese and tomato soup as well as a crepe. The grilled cheese was good-I added prosciutto and avocado and it definitely added to the sandwich-but the soup was a star. A very thick, creamy soup with croutons and delicious surprises of goat cheese. I didn't want to stop eating it! Considering how much savory I had had, I went for a dessert crepe: Nutella, peanut butter, and almonds topped with whipped cream and berries. Tasty, but I would say there was too much of each topping. (Too pretentious if I say I've eaten crepes in France?) A thin layer of each is all that is needed and this was globbed and oozing everywhere. The crepe wasn't bad--just too much. Next time I'll go savory and control how much is added. My companion had the Thai rice bowl which had an AMAZING peanut sauce as well as nicely steamed veggies. Bit more rice than necessary (by the time you got to the bottom you were out of sauce and veggies so just plain rice), but tasty and a generous portion. For dinner/nibbles, I sampled a lot of things. Their bar mix has great and meh components, but the flatbreads are good and YOU NEED TO COME HERE JUST FOR THE PROSCIUTTO WRAPPED DATES. Drinks: lots of beer options. A little heavy on the hoppy/IPA side in my humble opinion, but I still found some tasty dark beers to enjoy. The juice bar is also quite good and you can customize the juices somewhat. Companion was torn between two juices because he wanted the apple juice from one but liked the overall ingredients of the other better, so they just let him add apple juice. We weren't charged for the change either, which was nice. Service: hit or miss. The brunch staff, particularly the waitress, were great. They sat us quickly and responded well to our requests (TV, quieter corner) and the waitress was out of this world. Friendly, very knowledgeable, a good sport, and totally understood the free high five. When I came for dinner/nibbles, it was a split. A few were very knowledgeable about the beer and food while some of the others were very obviously in training. In both cases I have one complaint: water glasses were not refilled often enough. Protip for brunch: the crepe guy has a tip jar, so bring up a few bills when you go to place your order. Overall, I probably would give Town Hall 4.5 stars but it didn't blow me away enough for me to round up to a 5.I definitely be back, but I'll probably avoid late nights since the evening was already a bit crowded for me. I'll just brunch here!
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,2/6/2014,104,314,2,5,3>We made another trip to Kumo recently and I have to say, this place has good quality food.On this trip, I wanted to try more of their seafood, so I grabbed a soft shell, deep fried crab.  It was sooo tasty.  It had a light, crunchy breading on the outside that was tasty and you could actually eat certain parts of the shell along with the tender meat inside.  The mussels were delicious.  They were cooked in some kind of spicy butter that we loved.  Oh, and the sushi was really good too.  It's not top notch sushi, but it's better than most, if not all, of the sushi in Parma.I had a glass of saki, but I couldn't finish it.  That stuff is just too strong and bittersweet for me.Again, a lot of Japanese people were eating here, which is a reassuring sign.  This place is legit as far as buffets go!
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,2/5/2014,55,83,11,15,13>I don't celebrate this day that many Ohioans refer to as 'Sweetest Day'. But I do like to eat. At least daily. So I invited one of my favorite single gals out for some food.  And off we went! Guess where we went!? Need some hints?  Okay. Everything is painted red. It's really really incredibly bright inside. There's shiny waxed floors. Music playing. And a employee with a red shirt and khaki pants on.  Oh wait. No, no red shirt and khaki pants. That's Target. But combine all the other clues, add some tables, some pizza, and some pasta and you've got 3 Brothers! Our dining destination for the evening.  With absolutely zero romantic ambiance this was a excellent pick for the night. First off our server and service was great. The waitress was very friendly, helpful, and acted like she really wanted us to have a nice time. It was service you don't see to often anymore and darnit if I knew her name I'd put it right here! But I forgot it. Cause that's what guys do. So, we started off with a order of cheesy bread that was really good. Plenty of melted cheese and a good garlic flavor. It came with a side of marinara sauce.  Why does everyone serve marinara dipping sauce cold? Is it just me that may want it warmed to match the temperature of the food? If anyone has the answer or prefers theirs cold please contact me at once. I need answers.  Every restaurant I've ever been to serves it cold so I'm not holding it against anyone or anything. But I just wonder why. Anyways..  My gal pal ordered their Philly Cheesesteak sub. And after asking our server about their chicken fettuccine alfredo I decided to go with that (photos uploaded). She really liked her sub. She said it was toasted perfectly and the bread had some baked on seasoning that made it special. My dish was pretty good as well. The alfredo sauce was rich and, without sounding too much like goldilocks, not too thin and not too thick. But just right. I think the chicken could have used a bit more flavor but overall a satisfying dinner. I didn't think about it until I got home but I believe I was supposed to receive a piece of garlic bread with my pasta but never did. So you were supposed to receive a review of said garlic bread but never will. How's that make you feel? Me too. At the end the manager came over and thanked us for eating there. It was nice. All-in-all it was a good to great experience that I'd recommend to others. Especially if you want to take someone to dinner and let the lack of romantic ambiance say (without actually saying) "Hey this is a 100% friend-zone dinner so your picking up your half of the check". 3 Brothers did try and make an effort to spice things up in the dining room for Sweetest Day. They had heart shaped balloons tied to the back of chairs and were giving out free dessert pizzas. But with lightsas bright as a football stadium it's just not that kinda place.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,2/3/2014,82,45,7,9,7>Don't be intimidated by the front door or the dark atmosphere when you first step in. I know I was on my first visit.  I remember walking in and feeling like everyone had stopped what they were doing and turned around to see who the non-belonger was standing alone at the entrance. But that was all in my imagination, I think.I have since become a regular algebra-goer, coming here at least once a week for my fill of delicious coffee, tea, and authentic Mediterranean foodOwned and built by a Case alum, this gem of a tea house really delivers on uniqueness, authenticity, and atmosphere. With their one of a kind handmade tables, cups, wooden plates, artwork, they really leave their mark as one of the coolest coffee houses in ClevelandYou really can't go wrong with any of their food, I am a big fan of their falafel and shawarma. Their hummus is also very good, but a little tame for me, I like my hummus more offensive with more lemon and a tad more garlic, but that's just a preference thing. Algebra is also very vegan friendly and has a large assortment of healthy menu options. Isn't it a great feeling to finish a big meal and still feel healthy afterwards?Their drinks are not for the average venti-mocha-frappuccino-with-extra-whipped-cream 'coffee' sippers. As is the food, the drinks are authentic and are generally not too sweet, if at all. If you are unsure of what to order, I recommend the chai tea and perhaps the falafel sandwich as startersMy only gripe with this place is that they aren't too consistent because they have a different person working there almost everyday, all of whom have their own slight variations on food and drink prep, so if you liked the chai tea you had Monday morning, you might not like it as much Wednesday night.But this place delivers on so many other aspects, that I can't bring myself to give them anything below a 'as good as it gets'So come check this place out, order an iced chai tea with falafel sandwich, you won't be disappointed!And remember, on your way out, it's push not pull :)
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,2/2/2014,76,155,,7,4>I LOVE this restaurant. So different with a very distinct menu I can't get enough of. They have a fry selection! Pizza fries, truffle, loaded, frenchy, with sauces to choose from as well! Garlic, malt vinegar, bbq, a house sauce...a perfect starter for two!"The ex" is my favorite sandwich. Tomato and mozzarella is an excellent combination to begin with, but then paired with a garlic pesto on a ciabatta roll, AMAZING. I'm not much for avocado so I leave that off. I'm sure if you are an avocado advocate, it can only improve this delicious sandwich.The home made potato chips you are served as a bread substitute have a delightful Cajun taste. Chips and a great beer selection, what better way is there to start off a meal?!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,2/1/2014,180,563,3,6,4>Talk about consistently delicious! I really loved dinner at this place after a comedy show at the square.  Other than our handy manhattans and lots of makers mark, we ordered the pork shank and the rabbit pappardelle. How many ways can I explain perfection?  I mean seriously-that enormous pork shank was everything I expect from a great little bistro in the Lower East Side of Manhattan let alone downtown Cleveland! I loved the crispy skin, the little tender tenderloin part... and the pasta? My gosh that tender rabbit, not too salty but just rich enough...mmm I just had dinner but I bet you if I had it now I'd chow down.  Trust me, C&H is one of those places that is super duper yummy!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,1/31/2014,44,43,6,14,8>Yummy yummy in my tummy!I see some people are complaining about how sweet the food was. First of all, I did not think the food was too sweet. Second of all, when you order something like red velvet pancakes, it BETTER be sweet otherwise they're doing it wrong. When has anything "red velvet" been savory? Come on people! Anyways, in my opinion (which is the only one that matters anyway), the food was ON POINT. It wasn't that crowded when I went (which was on a weekday) so the food came out at a reasonable time. We ordered two pancake dishes, the red velvet and the salty caramel one. Both were incredible. I just want to eat a bowl of that cream cheese frosting they put on the red velvet pancakes. Then we got a waffle with marshmallows, nutella, and graham cracker, which I thought was even better than the pancakes! If you come with a group, I would recommend ordering one pancake and one waffle so you can try both. The waiter was super friendly/cute/nice/attentive. Very chill vibes here dude.Only thing that would make it better is some mimosas to go with my 'cakes. But apparently they're working on getting their liquor license so boozy brunch will become a possibility! I could totally see my hungover self coming back here only to get drunk again.My favorite breakfast food is pancakes so I will definitely be back!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,1/30/2014,79,298,1,7,4>Went here over the weekend to get into to Christmas spirit. The display of 100+ gingerbread houses are very impressive and fun to look at. Calling them just 'houses' is a total understatement. The creativity really blew me away! From the beautifully themed Christmas trees to the snow outside dusting the ground, everything screamed holidays to me!The two garden rooms on the inside are great to marvel at. See if you can spot on of the two chameleons in the dryer climate room! My favorite was the butterfly room. The beautiful lush greenery was the perfect setting for the multicolored butterflies fluttering about. It was very easy to catch one on your hand so that was fun!Overall, the holiday exhibit seems like it is more for children with train rides, gingerbread house making, a camping room, and a fun slide... the children we were with had a blast! I would like to come back here in the summer to see the beautiful outdoors garden I have been hearing about.Plus: They serve beer and wine!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,1/29/2014,99,118,4,5,4>Here's what I had.  Mexican hot chocolate spicy, avocado and blackberry, maple bacon French toast, brown butter w lavender brittle. Very off the wall and unique flavors, but its tremont, dare we say gormet ice cream.  And it all tasted great.  What ever you call it, its a good out of the ordinary experience.  I would expect nothing less from the same owners as A Cookie and A Cupcake, also in Tremont.  Service was great.  The lady let my kids try every sample available.  I remember this buidling was vacant for years back in the late 90's, I'm glad something of food value is now occupying the space.  You can get your "great value" neopolitan at the grocery store.  If you want to try something different, get to Tremont.  If you are on Yelp in Cleveland and you haven't been to this neighborhood, you must be a newb....
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,1/28/2014,89,357,4,10,6>When I was younger and lived in Akron, my parents would, without fail, drive us up to Cleveland once a year to visit the Cleveland Zoo.Back then, that drive was THE WORST. (I've since had to commute from Akron to Cleveland and back for a few months, so clearly it was just me being a small and overly excited child.)Despite the drive, going to the zoo has always been a treat. This zoo bests the Akron zoo by a long-shot (though the Akron zoo does have its charms, don't get me wrong!) Flamingos were my favorite animal growing up (PINK!) and they were right at the front of the zoo. I really like the indoor animals, as well as the rainforest. Some facets of this zoo feel like they could be standalone attractions. That, coupled with how huge the zoo is, makes it a huge bang for your buck! I went back to the zoo the other day with a friend, and I was shocked by how big it is. That is most definitely not a memory that was altered by my relative size as a child; it's still humongous! Spending a day here, or even a couple of hours, is quite a bit of walking. So let's tally this up: not only is it entertaining and cheap, but it's also good for you. All in all, this zoo is a great way to spend a Saturday or Sunday with friends or family of any age, and I see myself coming back again and again for years to come.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/29/2013,1/27/2014,98,206,8,9,7>As PW mentioned, this is NOT the type of flea markets like the Memphis drive-in or one down in Hartville or countless Church craft fairs that my Grandma and mom dragged me along to as a child. Unlike the old flea markets of yesteryear, the Flea vendors don't have product that's caked in dust, crafts that say 'jesus is the reason for the season' or look like Iola Boylan handicrafts. Very few tchotchkes here. Although I didn't buy anything when I went, all the prices are marked on items and you likely wouldn't bargain on every item like at the old flea markets.These vendors and crowds (and prices) are straight out of stuffwhitepeoplelike catalogs. Trinkets made from recycled material, handmade soaps, clothes (many Cleveland-specific), things that are naturally and locally made, and a few vintage items. During my December visit, the basement level also featured 20-30 gourmet food vendors (jams, honey, cupcakes, etc). Upstairs in the beautifully maintained upper level, with wooden floors, a stage, similar to the Croatian social hall that is now the Beachland Ballroom, with more of the vendors. The 3 stars isn't for the organization, the vendors had product that was priced a bit high (especially for Cleveland standards) and I was admittedly bummed that there was only one flea for November or December; you think there would be at least one more to take advantage of the holiday shopping. In spite of the faults, it's an anchor attraction to bring people and money to the neighborhood and gives you a reason to check anything else out in the neighborhood (which at this point, is admittedly not much).
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,1/26/2014,118,61,11,15,8>QUICK & DIRTY: If you're craving a hearty straight shot of excellent Polish cuisine served cafeteria-style with a side of Cleveland Polish history and culture, there's no better place to be.PROS: Fun, cozy, historically and culturally rich ambiance.  Read: your Polish grandma's house meets meets Heorot Hall meets your junior high cafeteria.  If your junior high cafeteria also had a bar to furnish you with drinks while you waited in a line that wrapped around half the school.  Sweet kitschy-bordering-on-but-gently-skirting-creepy Polish knicknacks peek out of every corner in what basically looks like the inside of a viking mead hall.  A nice array of Polish beers!  And of course, Polish cuisine that'll leave you dreaming of it till your next visit.CONS:Super limited hours!  4 hour lunch on weekdays?  4 hour dinners on the weekends?  Polski, please.  Sokolowski's got a good thing going and boy do they know how to pump it into elite and exclusive territory.  The reservation and seating process is chaotic, at best, and with the amount of space you have to get around while you're inching your way up the cafeteria line wrapping around half the restaurant, is minimal.   I've seen Hollywood nightclubs with more standing room.  And with the limited hours, you ask, when is there downtime and possibly more space?  Probably never (note, pure but educated conjecture). TO DIE FOR: Sauerkraut - euphoric blend of pure savory and piquant tartness.  Who knew cabbage could taste this damn good?  First time I encountered savory sauerkraut and I don't think I could have it any other way anymore.Pierogies - because, duh, you're in Cleveland.Schnitzel - oh lordy, I never thought fried and breaded pork could melt in your mouth but I stand corrected. Dare I say, for the lack of a better analogy--pork that reaches the tenderness and exquisite flavor of a superb filet mignon?
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,1/25/2014,42,64,1,6,4>LOVED everything about this place! Well, other than the parking but luckily they have valet. We went here last night with a group of 4 and I think we all loved everything we ate and drank. I started with a Dr. Bob Martini and it was amazing! Everyone had salads other than me and they were very fresh, very unique. I had the pork shank and it fell right off the bone when my fork touched it. The polenta had a sweet flavor to it and was perfect. We ended with dessert martinis and the apple dessert. To die for!Our service was wonderful too. The server was attentive without being annoying and also knowledgable. We spent 2 hours there and was definitely took our time chatting. They were super busy and very tactfully informed us that the next reservation was there for our table, so the manager would buy us a drink if we would relocate to the bar. We thought this was a great compromise! We did not go to the bar though for the drink, as we were ready to go at that point. We will definitely be going back! Worth every penny.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,1/24/2014,95,107,1,9,2>Finally! A wine bar in lakewood with decent food! I like rozis and their wine list, but the food kinda sucks. Humble has awesome food and wine. The only reason it's four stars is I think our table was forgotten. That was a little communication mishap, and it was totally fine because it gave me time to catch up with the girls, so no big deal. Our waitress knew her wines pretty well and suggested a great gruner veltliner because I was craving white but know nothing about types. It was perfect! I really liked the rose too. I wish I had a wine tap. A friend and I split a margherita pizza and it was amazing. Like, one of the best pizzas I've ever had. Oh, and the place itself is awesome, just a little too loud for a wine bar.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,1/23/2014,98,48,4,6,4>Of course I like this place!  I'm Asian, and they have karaoke on Friday and Saturday nights!  I'm genetically predetermined to love karaoke, and their selection is amazing!  They have both new and old songs!  They have a decent selection of craft brews and offer specials on local brews. Who doesn't love to support the local community, while having a good time!Tip #1: put your karaoke songs in early because this place gets busy!  The DJ is excellent and will spread your choices throughout the night that way one person is not singing for 3 songs in a row. He knows how to do it right!Tip #2: boy band songs are a huge hit here... So learn it and love it lol
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,1/21/2014,215,581,5,4,1>What can I say? Cheap, greasy, and delicious Chinese on the Lakewood/Cleveland border. I had my usual wonton soup, chicken & broccoli and egg roll and Ming Moon hit it all out of the park. Delivery took way too long, but it was worth the wait. Something tells me that waiting almost an hour for delivery isn't the norm at this place, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.$10 minimum for delivery. The delivery guy also happens to know a lot about trees, so if you have one in your yard, he WILL talk to you about it.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,1/19/2014,120,68,3,5,3>a solid 3 1/2 with a round up to four because I LOVE COMING HERE ON WEDNESDAY!!! 65 cent oysters absolutely can't be beat.  I usually get the calamari appetizer too, which all together creates the crunch i'm looking for as well as a mix of salty, savory, lemon, and seafood all together in one tasty meal!  The service here is pretty sub par.  It takes forever for drinks of any kind to be refilled-maybe its just a little too relaxed of a bar for me.  The food is good though and with happy hour specials like crab cakes and daily specials like oysters, the prices can't be beat.  I may or may not have ordered 2 dozen one time and the waitress looked at me like I was crazy.  The cool vibe and great specials make this a place I would come back to during happy hour, other times I might pick somewhere else to relax.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,1/18/2014,18,164,4,4,3>On this visit we came with two long-time, most excellent friends. It was largely based on my recommendation that they agreed to come, so I did feel a significant level of responsibility for their level of enjoyment.It was rather early on... perhaps on the cusp of ordering that the male friend proclaimed that he was "not a huge fan of the seasoning profile of Asian seasoning."Immediately my mind began darting about, was it ginger or garlic or Chinese 5 spice, or fish sauce or soy sauce or curry, what that was the Genesis of this distaste?  Regardless, I could hear the low metallic screech of ice on the metal of my ship's culinary hull much like Titanic's Captain must have experienced.  A second hit took place when his spouse, in attempting to determine what to order, mentioned an aversion to al things coconut, in an earlier conversation she had mentioned an aversion to fish sauce.At this point, realizing that the breach had been of both the outer AND inner hulls, I could only hope that by sealing compartments off , we might avert a sinking of the entire ship!Feeling a sense of desperation overwhelming me, I quickly suggested they simply scan the menu under the heading of the proteins they liked and try to find something that met with their palate's sensitivities.Feeling that, at least temporarily I had averted seeing the meal take a downward spiral, we proceeded to the ordering of app's and meals.My heart became buoyant when they both ordered the won-ton soup, sans hesitation, as well as entrees that hopefully would meet with their approval.My spirits became even more buoyant, when they both were absolutely effusive with praise regarding the won-ton soup which, (medium-sized), arrived in portions that were somewhere between a quart and 3 pints in size.And the fixins were more than generous, including 5 to 7 slices of what appeared to be pork tenderloin, copious amounts of dumplings, bok choy, and other items which escape recollection, in a broth with flavors layered and complex enough that our gentleman companion was moved to inquire as to the seasonings used in it's creation!  They also got egg rolls which are delicious,  actually have proteins and such inside and are not all bok-choy!At this point they are both effusive in their praise of the food, and happily grabbing this life-preserver of praise I quickly said that I would not steer them wrong in a culinary recommendation.Quickly, the gentleman gave me a look which said wordlessly, "Oh yeah?  What about that time you took me to "Sweetbreads, Tripe and Headcheese 'R Us?" I must confess no recollection whatsoever of having taken them or suggested such a place, but hey..the old memory ain't what it  used to be!The lady and I ordered shrimp rolls, forgetting that they are just a shrimp and cream cheese rolled in a won ton wrapper and deep fried, and followed with an order of egg rolls, which are sublime.For entrees, our gentleman friend ordered Beef Loc Lac with Special Fried Rice, ( lettuce, sliced tomato, ring onion, with marinated beef in a black pepper lemon sauce). which when served was mounded copiously high on a platter 10" by 6" at it's widest point, with a serving of fried rice of equal size, which combined, he was hard-pressed to reduce by half, serving praise for the dish with every other bite!Our lady friend got Chicken Pad Thai, with rice noodles scallions beansprouts, ground peanuts, sautéed with pickled cabbage and carrots, and chicken of course.It's difficult to judge whether it was the enormous volume of the "medium-sized" won-ton soup combined with egg-roll or the fact that she has an aversion to all things orange. (the dish was entirely day-glow orange in color!) or what, but she didn't take a single bite that I saw, but she did take it home, whether for her, her dogs or her daughter I just don't know.My wife got Shrimp Banh Soungh, (chunky rice noodles. lettuce cucumber bean sprouts home-made whipped coconut cream scallions chopped spring rolls Asian basil ground peanuts dried shrimp stir-fried lemongrass and other spices, special sauce and of course shrimp, which she loved.I got their "special", which changes each time we dine, Bun Chha Muri Kari Mates, skinny rice noodles, chicken, tofu, shrimp, beef variious veggies, in a ginger/garlic and other stuff sauce, (I don't have the description.)It was sublime.  My only complaint is that especially when buried in a huge mound of noodles, if shrimp are in the dish...take the damn tails off!  They can cause one to choke,  can't be digested, and if consumed are bound to collect with seeds, stems and hulls and such and slowly plug up the colon over time, really restaurateurs give a thought to this issue...presentation is not everything, occasionally practicality should prevail, otherwise start serving chicken legs with the foot attached, beef with the hoof or horn or hide attached, and the like.Alcohol is not served, but they apparently have no issue with bringing your own.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,1/17/2014,105,123,,10,3>GO! And get the bruschetta board! So huge and delicious! You basically get to pick your choice of 4 different bruschettas and they are all so good - you can't go wrong. I've been thinking about it for a week!The wine list is nice with lots of options, and the place is really cute and cozy.  The neighborhood needed another cute evening hangout and this place definitely fills that void.  It was busy the night we went, so keep that in mind if you are stopping by!They have 2 soup options every night and the clam chowder I had was SO GOOD.  I am instantly in love with anywhere that serves a good soup!  I was really impressed with them considering it was the first week of business and think they will only get better as time passes.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,1/16/2014,128,99,4,7,5>Hodge's is one of my favorites in Cleveland. Conveniently located in Downtown Euclid. It's a small space, but they have a dope bar area which all of the restaurant surrounds. And I really love the space above the kitchen.It's the little details like how the wait staff wears red chucks or getting your bill in an envelope that says "damage". Every time I been to Hodge's, the service has been exceptional, whether I'm sitting at the bar or trying to grab seat on a busy night. It's been a personable experience.There isn't a lot on the menu I haven't tried. The entrées alone, you can't really go wrong with any of the dinner items. I personally like the pork, short ribs, and walleye. Every meal comes with complementary corn bread on the house. CORN BREAD !! And a side of sweet potato tots. Who does that ?!
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,1/15/2014,45,266,,6,3>Definitely go try out some kayaking. It's really cheap and they don't make you say how long you'll be out before you leave. They make the whole process so easy. We'll definitely be back. You might want to call ahead and reserve if you think it's going to be a busy time for them.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,1/14/2014,42,186,2,3,3>Slyman's is one of Cleveland's most beloved hot spots and for a dang good reason. It's one of those places that doesn't dabble in anything that they can't blow out of the park. It's no lie that Slyman's has the best Corned Beef on the planet - simply because the beef is the star. There are no shenanigans going on in your sandwich. It's just a mass of mouth watering, high-blood-pressure-inducing corned beef on rye bread. Although the rye is also pretty good, it doesn't really matter because the meat is what people come for. And believe me, the people flock in masses. Don't plan on making it a quick in-and-out run because there is always a line out the door - a good sign for any restaurant. The staff are no-nonsense type of people but they are helpful and work hard to get you tasting their meat as soon as humanly possible. I also have to give major props on the thousand island dressing they use which is some of the best I've had. I could drink the stuff it is so good. While everything I've tried is great, the Reuben is my favorite. Don't be too shocked by the slightly hefty prices as you will be eating enough food to satiate a small village. You could probably make this meal last for 3 lunches if you wanted to... which you won't because it is just that good.My only real complaint is that the hours are terrible. They close at 2 pm most days so if you were wanting some corned beef for dinner, you better plan on buying by the pound at lunchtime (which you fortunately can do).
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,1/13/2014,134,35,4,5,3>Great place if you are having an ultimate party or are in need of restaurant supplies. There is plenty to choose from. I stopped in today because my food rep keeps failing me on a grill brush. So i walked down the street and was able to pick a good one up at a real good price.  They also have quality chemicals and bulk plate setups. The guy behind the counter was very nice and willing to cut me a deal if I bought cases of plates at a time for beer pairings. Will be shopping here again. Lakewood should be glad to have a shop like this in town. It's like a mini Dean Supply but without the Seti Polish Boy truck outside.... :(
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,1/12/2014,10,65,2,3,2>My wife and I came here for a nice dinner out.  Don't let the exterior fool you, it's very nicely done inside with rich materials and colors.  View is nice from the front windows.We both started with the borscht and loved it.My wife had the chicken crepes, I had the cabbage rolls.  I agree with the other reviewer that the ratio of rice to meat was a little high.  The mashed potatoes were outstanding, garlicy and buttery.  A smooth textured blast of flavor.For dessert we split one piece of chocolate torte.  It was properly sized as an individual dessert - it was a 'light bite' at 1/2 that.  I felt the chocolate cream was a little too light, teasing the border between a rich chocolate and a pudding.  My wife thought it was spot on though and loved it.The service was friendly and the hostess checked on us just the right amount.  The kitchen seemed a little slow on getting the entrees out for a Monday night.For a full dinner (soup, entree, drink, dessert) I would plan on $35 per person plus tip and tax.Homemade food that is delicious and unique for the Cleveland food scene.  5 stars!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,1/11/2014,23,256,2,7,2>I've eaten food from Tarboosh 4 times now, both dine-in and carry-out.  I am a big fan of this place, and I hope it does well and sticks around.  I am a big fan of Lebanese food in general, but my husband is not so he refuses to ever eat at Aladdin's.  But he will agree to get food from Tarboosh because they also have American foods on the menu (philly sandwich, burgers, popcorn shrimp, french fries, etc.)I've sampled a lot of different foods here, and I've liked everything I've tried.  Some of the standouts were:  curry sambosas (4 large egg roll shaped samosas served with a yogurt dipping sauce for $4.95), Tarboosh salad, lentil soup, and Koshari (try it!).  My family had the Greek roll, vegetarian appetizer sampler (they'll substitute falafels for the kibbeh), gyro, and shish kebab, and everyone was happy with their food.The place seems clean, the service is always friendly, and the prices are very reasonable.  I like that they offer some healthier options for a quick take-out dinner.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,1/10/2014,86,287,6,6,3>Oh mama. Lakewood is beginning to get so stuffed full of awesome restaurants that I'm going to have to go to Kohl's soon (the only place white guys shop) to get bigger pants. Barrio en Lakewood is no exception. Checked out this place a few Thursdays ago and was instantly charmed. Decor and service is both exactly what you'd want it to be in a place like this -- no muss, no fuss, just solid. The concept is pretty much Happy Dog For Tacos -- you fill out a form and get exactly what you want, prepared to order. And pretty much all tacos are three bucks. As to another reviewer complaining that it was too high a price: are you on crack? Even the grodiest of grody items at Taco Bell are, like, two bucks. You really can't pony up that extra buck for a taco so good it'll melt your face off? Due to some sickness on my part, I didn't get any drinks, but I look forward to getting drunk here soon.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,1/9/2014,36,181,2,4,2>This has been on my bucket list of places to try, based on Yelp reviews.  I stopped in on a Saturday morning after a massage at Quintana's, just a few steps away.   As mentioned in other Yelp reviews, the place is not fancy, but the staff was friendly and accommodating.   There is a chalkboard, as you walk in which lists that day's offerings.   I went with the Corned Beef lunchbox special.   I watched as my sandwich was made, the corned beef was sliced to order, very generous amount on fresh rye bread (Schwebels), with mustard.   The special included cookies (packaged, nothing to write home about), your choice of salad (cole slaw, potato salad, macaroni salad), pickle and a soft drink.  All of this for $10!.  I arrived home, my sandwich was still warm, the pickle was crunchy and the perfect accompaniment to my sandwich, as was the macaroni salad.  This was definitely a good choice and a great value, especially compared to the $10 chicken salad sandwich (no sides), that I had the day before at Karl's Inn of the Barristers.I will definitely go back!
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,1/8/2014,29,56,,10,5>The Flats are making a comeback, and The Willeyville is out front! This is a great addition to the new area. The decor is very chic and relaxing. There are large windows that let in a lot of natural light, so it is  great place to go on a sunny Cleveland day. I love the open kitchen lay out, so you can always see whats going on.My boyfriend and I went here on a Saturday night at 7:30. We were able to make reservations on Open Table, which was a good thing, because this place was packed! The word is out that The Willeyville is the next restaurant to try in Cleveland. There was a mix of mid twenty somethings all of the way to people in their 50's and 60's.We started with the shrimp ceviche, and it was the perfect amount to get us started. It came with some pita chips that were very complementary. We each ordered a drink... a glass of chardonnay for myself and a moscow mule for my man. I always love when a moscow mule comes in the traditional copper mug!! I ordered the bucatini alla matriciana and only needed the small size. It was the perfect amount of food. It had a slight spice to it from the chili, and it was absolutely delicious! The other meal for the table was the hanger steak, which the boyfriend gobbled up immediately. This restaurant is going to be a great addition to the Flats and Cleveland. We will definitely be back!
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,1/7/2014,342,426,3,5,3>Do I love diners? Why yes, I LOVE diners. Do I love the Katz Club Diner? YES YES YES!I've always been a sucker for diners. My favorite memories in college is sitting in a local diner, getting my eggs, toast, and sausage with weak coffee for a price tag of $5. Sure, the inside of diners were always dingy and ugly, but hey, it's comforting. Take a step up- Coney Islands. Oh, how I miss the Coney Islands of Michigan. Sigh. Nevertheless, when I stepped into the Katz Club Diner, I felt a sigh of relief. Yes, here was my diner...but a fancier one than what I have had in the past.The Katz Club Diner is pretty cool- from the guy who owns Fire, it's a half diner restaurant car, and a half speakeasy car. You want good food? Go to the left. You want a speakeasy lounge? Go to the side door on the side of the car.Went here on two occasions:For dinner:- He got the chicken and waffles- oh man, that was a great tasting waffle and great chicken. It's not your typical fried chicken with waffle- it's more of a light fluffy waffle with almost a stir fry dark meat chicken on top..with some type of gravy. Nonetheless, that was the win of the night.- I got the monte cristo sandwich. It was good...and BIG. The sizes they give you....are quite hefty. Nonetheless, it was good.For breakfast:- WIN: They serve Rising Star coffee! I've taken a step up from the weak watery coffee that I'm used to in the diners I used to frequent.- He got an omelette. It was good and solid.- I got the corned beef hash. Whew- that was one heavy corn hash. It was good though! Picture thick cuts of corned beef... Mmmmmm. Good stuff. With a side of toast. Mmmm.You'll be definitely full here. But the wait staff is great and knowledgeable, and they serve great food with even a pastry window near the entrance as well. But you know what I love most about it? The FEEL of a diner. What makes it authentic? When old couples come in to eat breakfast together. When old men sit by themselves, eating their breakfast and reading their newspaper. Where the locals frequent. That's a diner for ya. Sure, it's a fancy diner, but hey, it's a diner, and I like it. Check it out when you get a chance.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,1/6/2014,36,127,,5,2>This has been one of my favorite places to come for years!  They really cater to a senior crowd and even feature early bird specials for them.  The prices are reasonable overall though.   The main thing I come here for is the corn beef.  The sandwiches are stacked and thinly sliced.  I absolutely love them.  They have a lot of pies to choose from for desert, but I never have any room left to try them,.  You can take a look at them on your way out when you pay your check at the register.  I am getting hungry writting this review.  See you at Luna's.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,1/5/2014,78,264,6,8,5>We checked out the Fish Shack on a random weeknight a week or so ago and were not disappointed. Sean and I both went with the comfort of some good ol' fried walleye. So good. Not battered - breaded with crumbs. Perfection. You can choose about 4 different preparation methods for whatever fish you choose but really, I'm probably going to have trouble not getting fried every time. Not greasy at all - extremely well-prepared. Sean also got fried shrimp which was fantastic as well. The menu overall was awesome-looking. I could have eaten anything on there and been just fine. Good daily specials from what I could tell also. We will definitely be back to try the perch and perhaps the BLT which looked awesome from the Yelp photos!We got combo meals but next time I'll go the a la carte route. For example, I could have done without the two slices of bread that came with the meal. It's sort of traditional but I didn't eat it and it just felt wasteful. Perhaps they should ask people if they want it and just throw it in if they do. I bet they could save a few dollars and a lot of wasted bread that way. The price wouldn't have to change since it's already quite fair for how much fish you get and the quality. Also, the fries that come with the meal were too much for me with all of the fish and sides but I'm sure it would be fine for many people. Atmosphere - homey is the word I'd use. I really felt like I was eating in somebody's house. Christmas decorating in various stages on one side of the room and a walk-up counter at the back. One sort of communal eating area which was fine by us - we ain't shy. Clean and welcoming with great service and a hello from the owner make for a nice little place to grab a meal. Slight downers: The fries were average frozen type fries which are just meh. Also, plastic-ware and styrofoam for eat-in always makes me sad. It's a small place and I'm sure they don't have great capacity for dishwashing but it's still a bummer. I know. I'm a hippie.Overall, the Fish Shack is a wonderful addition to the area and a nice diversion from all the places in Ohio City that you have to do your hair and shit to walk into. Nice to grab a quick, delicious comfort-food meal on a cold Cleveland night. We will definitely be back to try more of the menu.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,1/4/2014,70,153,,5,3>Decided to try this new Vietnamese restaurant, and was pretty satisfied.They offer a pretty standard menu for a Vietnamese restaurant, with your various soups, vermicelli bowls, broken rice dishes, banh mi, goi cuon, etc. I was able to try most of these thanks to my stupid large appetite, but I mostly came away impressed with their pho. Very flavorful broth, good portion of noodles and meat, and a very large portion overall. Usually I find myself smothering my bowl in hoisin sauce and sriracha (sorry not sorry pho purists), but the broth needed no help. My one small complaint would be that the meat had a little too much gristle for my liking.I also ordered the banh mi, goi cuon, and got to try the bun thit nuong cha gio. They were okay... I probably wouldn't get any of them again here.The service was very attentive and you won't have any language barrier problems. The place itself is very casual, not trying to be anything it isn't. They have a TV in the dining area as well.Very good bowl of pho, and a worthy addition to Cleveland's stable of Vietnamese restaurants.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,1/3/2014,167,334,1,5,5>Wayne's Auto Service Rocks!I've gotta say this is the only honest mechanic I know (save my Uncle).  Wayne is Scott's dad & Scott does most of the work these days.  Both are super nice and always willing to listen to you car concerns and take a look for you.  I feel lately like I'm living at Wayne's Auto (between my car & my boyfriend's car).  When the mechanic down the street who did my oil change told me I needed a new radiator STAT, I took my car to Wayne's.  Scott said, I did all these checks & don't see anything wrong with your car.  (Thanks for saving me $700!)  Then I found a leak coming out of my car and they said, bring it in, we'll look at it for you.  My boyfriend needed a new clutch system, Wayne's said sure, go ahead and purchase the part, we'll just charge you for labor.  Saved him a good $500 +!  When he thought maybe there was a problem after the new clutch was put in, Scott looked at it again....Free of charge!  I don't know many places that would take such care and time with their customers.If you need work done, take your vehicle to Wayne's!
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2013,1/2/2014,723,577,,4,3>This review comprises a summary of my last 2 visits.  Miyazaki Wagyu.:)  Grade A5.  Seasoned in a balanced fashion, and fully amazingly mouthwatering.  Paired with a Grand Cru Red Burgundy, it was a total delight.***Had a short chat with head chef after eating Wa-shu beef - Hybrid Angus/Wagyu.  Not impressed.  Would much prefer either the real thing, or stick with USDA Prime.  He agreed.  And was very gracious about it.  Great guy with great presence.I'm completely glad that Cleveland has an institution that provides Wagyu; maybe not every visit, but often enough that I can get it without traveling.Red still has my vote for best steakhouse in Cleveland, and the attention to meat quality is superb.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,1/1/2014,24,144,4,6,3>For what it is, Happy Dog is pretty spectacular.This is one of those extremely specialized / limited menu kind of places... regular or vegetarian hot dog, fries/tater tots... and that's about it.  If you don't want that, you should probably try elsewhere.If you do want that, then you've come to the right place.  The vegetarian dog is very very good.  The list of toppings is huge and makes the ordering process quite the adventure.  It's a sushi style select things from a card type ordering system, which works pretty well considering all the possible topping combinations.  Some of them seem a bit odd, like fruit loops, but to each his or her own.  The fries come with a selection of sauces, and they all are quite good.  The nacho cheese sauce that can be added to the fries or tots is definitely worth it... yum!  Not the healthiest place in the universe, but tasty.The draft beer selection is also excellent, though a little above average on the prices.The seating is pretty meh in here, and its a seat yourself kind of place... I recommend sitting at the spacious bar.  All the food can be ordered right from there, and the service seems to be faster.  There is also 2 free but very crappy small parking lots for the place right next door, which is nice.  Tis a bit far away, but they are going to open one in university circle where Euclid Tavern was, which is much much closer!  Hurrah!
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,12/31/2013,336,288,9,17,14>a - re - pa (n.)1. a corn pancake, sweetened or unsweetened, eaten in Venezuela and Colombia.2. a life-changing food experience that will have you stuffing your gullet like you're at a Survivor food rewardI had no idea. Like most white guys raised in suburban America the word wasn't even in my lexicon. And I thought I was happy. I was wrong. I entered Barroco as a boy and left as a man.Tucked into a tiny little house on Madison Avenue, Barroco is single-handedly bringing South American comfort food to the Cleveland masses. As soon as we walked in we were greeted with a smile. The hostess was friendly, how about that? To the left, the kitchen pumped out aromas I had never experienced. How could smells that big come out of a space no bigger than a closet? The front of the house belies what comes next. We walked down a hall, walls littered with scribblings of customers past, to the back room. This is where the true personality lives. Painted walls, nightclub dark, hanging lights, music full of bongos and zzzzt da da zzzzt dum. A tiny two-top table against the wall beckoned us. We sat.The menu is concise. We were starving. The perfect combination. The stars of Barroco are definitely the arepas - sliced in half and stuffed with spicy combinations of fresh vegetables, meats and cheeses that will have you feeling, if just for a moment, that you're hosting your own Bourdain-esque Travel Channel show, wandering the streets of Bogota, making couch potatoes jealous. We started with the empanadas. Crispy dough shells, sort of like South American pierogi, stuffed with potatoes and shredded beef and deep fried. You get four of them with some guac and salsa verde. A meal on their own or perfect for two.So what's this about the sauces? When they bring out your food it's accompanied by a carousel of squirt bottle magnificence. The five sauces, spicy peanut, pineapple, chimichurri, garlic and ranchero, should be bottled and sold at every store in Cleveland. I found myself putting them on tortilla chips and eating them on their own. Be forewarned, with the exception of the super-sweet pineapple, the sauces are full of heat so they will get your attention. One recommendation? Label the bottles. Of course we got arepas. You get a choice of a side and believe me, you are getting plenty of food. The sides, tortilla chips, fries, black bean soup and red bean chili. Let's talk about how it went down:Arepa Puerca and tortilla chips - The innards, chicharron (pork rinds), beans, chicken and mozzarella. A perfectly spiced textural cumbia. The tender chicken, the stringy mozz it all worked. A slight misstep in execution, the chicharron became rubbery bits, soggy from the rest of the mix. Find a way to keep those crunchy and you've got a hit. The yellow corn tortilla chips were warm and dusted with a spicy powder. Great for sampling all of the squirtable sauces.Ropa Vieja Arepa and red bean chili- Old clothes? I think not. I was blown away by the flavors crammed inside the flat corn pocket. Shredded beef, potatoes, black beans, rice, roasted red peppers, sweet tomato sauce, Feta and mozz. Spicy, sweet and ridiculously addicting. The red bean chili, topped with white rice and salsa verde was mild and delicious.I'm typically hesitant to try places with such stellar Yelp ratings. Mostly because I'm really picky and inevitably I wind up disappointed. This place was definitely an exception. The food was amazing and unexpected. Eat this and your brain can't help but create new connections. It's culinary neuroplasticity. Our server was delightful, constantly refilling drinks and always smiling and the atmosphere was festive and cultural without being corny. I get why they've thrived and I will be back - just as soon as my distended belly has had some time to recover.As an aside, I want to share what I believe to be a moment of brilliant customer service. We had a slight issue with a few of our empanadas, perhaps as a result of the kitchen's want to expedite our eating experience. I brought it to the attention of our server and it was handled with class, humility and expedience. Not only was the dish remade and brought back to our table the entire item was removed from our bill, at their insistence, no questions asked. I was made at once both speechless and a return customer.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,12/24/2013,100,260,1,8,2>I've passed Pura Vida almost on a daily basis for a year and never stopped in for a meal, mostly because if I was that far down Euclid and wanted a nice, light lunch or dinner, I normally was already on my way to Flaming Ice Cube. But a work friend had her birthday earlier this week and chose Pura Vida for her celebratory lunch. I was in love within minutes!While not a full-time vegetarian (though married to one), I tend to opt for meatless whenever I can, and so I was delighted to see Pura Vida has an entire separate vegetarian/vegan menu. The only other place I've been that does this is Wild Mango in North Olmsted. This is such a generous practice: it really helps people like my husband not have to read through the entire menu and question every single foreign ingredient or phrase to determine what they are able to order. I ended up ordering the vegetarian Big Mac - LOVED IT!! The housemade veggie patties reminded me of the "falafel" burger at Nano Brew, except Pura Vida's were more tasty and enjoyable.  I was seriously coveting my friend's simple salad and chickpea and kale entree the entire time, so that's what I'm going to get next time...The service was absolutely wonderful as well! This restaurant is a class act all the way! It was a little steep for lunch at $15 for just the burger and a small cup of soup (with a drink and tip, it was well over $20), so I probably won't be making this a normal lunch spot, but I definitely will be back for an occasional treat or special occasions!
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,12/23/2013,130,58,,6,2>Ah I LOVE this place! I had been wanting to try this pupuseria for over a year and finally made it. It DID NOT disappoint!First, they don't speak English.  We stepped up to the counter and he handed us an English menu where you just mark what you want.  Put your name on it, give it to him and sit down and wait. This tiny hole in the wall had a lot of native customers, so we knew it would be good.  After we sat down, an older man came up and asked us in Spanish if we wanted anything to drink. We told him we already ordered...but then we actually wondered if he worked there or was just being nice haha. Anyways, the prices here are very reasonable, for two of us it was about $10 and we were suuuper full.  We ordered carne asada tacos and 2 pupusas (chicharron and pork+cheese). For those who don't know, a pupusa is a stuffed corn tortilla.  At first, we thought we didn't order enough but after we ate it all we actually were very satisfied. I wanted to order some to-go but it does take a little while for them to make the food (they make it to order so it's fresh and hot!). We also got the horchata, which I thought was just okay. We saw a family order the carne asada plate which came with plantains and rice and veggies.  It looked really big and delicious. I also want to try the queso con loroco pupusa.  I'll definitely be back!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,12/22/2013,59,86,,8,6>YES YES YES, Re/Dress is in Cleveland now!If you are plus size and have a taste for fashion, Re/Dress is the perfect place for you. They have so many cute dresses and accessories, at very reasonable prices.Also, their teggings are a gamechanger. Buy one pair, and you'll want a million more in every color possible.Add to all of this a staff that is not pushy and is completely helpful? I'm in fashionable fat girl heaven.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,12/21/2013,146,412,,5,4>5 stars for Mason's Creamery! I had been following them on instagram for a while @masonscreamery and finally got a chance to check them out at the Cleveland Flea and the Tremont Arts Fest. They are a roaming ice cream store that sets up shop at local markets and places, kind of like an ice cream food truck.What I really appreciate about Mason's Creamery are the down to earth owners (Jesse and Helen) who care about their craft and their customers. They are also interested in finding great flavor combinations - ones that feature local Ohioan products like Cleveland Whiskey, Rising Star coffee, paw paw (local Ohio fruit), and other great ingredients. They are also not too sugary/sweet, which is friendly to my palette.Some of the flavors I've enjoyed are the salted caramel (yummm), rising star coffee, cleveland whiskey, green tea (subtle and good!), and vegan spiced squash. I also enjoyed a sample of paw paw... I hope to get it again since the growing season is so short. Everyone try them out!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,12/20/2013,53,61,,6,4>Love Fresh Fork, and it is all thanks to Yelp! I had used a different CSA in the past, and liked it. My partner and I hemmed and hawed over whether or not to do one, then Fresh Fork landed in our lap. Fresh Fork helped host yelp chicken event, and its' proprietor Trevor answered all of our annoying questions with ease. I love that everything we get in our bag is local.If you're not familiar, here's the deal: you sign up, hand over some money, and once a week pick up a bag filled with food. This year in the summer they offered 4 options: small regular, large regular, vegeterian, and vegan. Even though I typically don't eat red meat or pork, we went for regular. I wanted to broaden my horizons. Plus, summer=cookouts. In the future, we'll go vegeterian as there was more red meat and pork than we would like (however, I have yet to hear this complaint from talking to others - but seriously, we have 2-3 things of meat in our freezer, plus bacon AND i used a container of ground beef recently to make dog treats. Spoiled dogs, much? Nah, I practically HAD to use that meat!). I also feel it is very reasonably priced for what you get, and they had many stops.Some of the "bags" are centered around one item or are set around a meal idea (with obviously lots of leftovers). I remember pizza (contained two things of really tasty chilled pizza dough, fresh mozzarella - BUY EXTRA because it's that good not that you need more, etc) and tacos. I know in the winter you get more frozen stuff (none that I saw this summer) and shelf stable items. This summer we got black beans (HUGE bag), oatmeal (super good and able to buy at their stand), cornmeal, etc. I never recall eating kohlrabi before this and fully admit I had to call my step dad (who is a better cook than most non-pro cooks I know and loves kohlrabi) for help. "So, step-daddy, ... um... do I like, cook this thing?" He told me to try it raw, and then gave many helpful suggestions. Turns out I *do* like kohlrabi (and ate most of it myself - related, also tasty roasted). So, I get to help support a local company (that'd be Fresh Fork), local farmers, good quality food, and a push to eat my fruits and veggies. Next year my big change will be to plan out what to eat. Near the end, when we un-bagged our goodies, we washed and put them away, then listed what we had on a sheet of paper. On the other end of the paper, we wrote suggestions for what to make. That really helped with making sure we made the most of what we got. On the rare occasion that there is an issue with your bag, they are quick to respond to emails and very helpful. The pick up location also sells assorted items (granola, milk, eggs, coffee, etc).
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,12/19/2013,92,94,3,4,3>Map Room has the best pizza I've had in Cleveland. It's a cute place - dimly lit - seems like a lot of regulars hang out here. When I went to get a pizza Sunday there were about 7 other pizzas waiting to get picked up! That's how good it is. I've heard a few of their specialty pizzas are amazing - can't wait to try those During Browns games this place gets packed but not in the douche west 6th/Barley house way. You can actually talk to people siting around you and make friends at the bar discussing the game or doing shots. I look forward to spoiling myself with Maproom pizza every few weeks!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,12/18/2013,26,62,,8,4>This is an EXCELLENT yoga studio! It is VERY clean, crisp, and brand new. The bathrooms are spacious and clean, which may not sound important for a yoga studio, but I often have to change out of work clothes for yoga, and some studios have itty-bitty stalls that make me anxious before the de-stressing experience!Although this may be a short lived perk, as Krysia Energy Yoga is sure to get more popular, the class sizes are always PERFECT. I absolutely love the one-on-one attention that I receive from the instructors. The instructors always offer different options, based on your experience and skill level. I also never feel embarrassed or weird if I sit a position out. If you are new to yoga, I recommend their "basics" class. The flow classes can be a bit overwhelming if you are new because they do tend to use the formal yoga terms for poses. They also offer some morning classes outside at Clague park during the summer. This studio is always doing special events and workshops which are all very cool and helpful! The instructors usually ask what your name is and you really feel the 'energy' rather than just being another person who paid in the larger studios. One of the best perks to this studio is that most of the classes are 80 minutes rather than 60 .. but they are the same price as other studios in the area! Do your body and mind a favor and check out Krysia Energy Yoga!! (I believe they have mats to rent for classes, they are a dollar or two, but they do have blocks and straps for free to use)
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,12/17/2013,75,131,4,6,6>So, I've spoken before about hidden gems...I've never been to a hidden PALACE before. The Emperor's Palace is located on Rockwell in an older section of Cleveland's Chinatown area, on a street that is, to say the least, secluded. It is a MASSIVE storefront, with a whole collection of Chinese Zodiac animals (full sized statues, mind you,) guarding the large parking lot across the street. The front is done up in brass finery and the whole place just looks...impressive. Two other things that are impressive, the food and the service. The hostess was very gracious, seating us herself and then answering any questions that we had about menu items. They have many wonderful, round tables with that spinning section so you can share your food choices, and believe me, you'll want to. We decided on an eclectic collection of steamed and baked buns with pulled pork, shrimp dumplings and several appetizers. The main dishes we got were and AMAZING General Tso's chicken, and a chicken with garlic, ginger and Chinese okra that were just wonderful. The service, btw, was outstanding. Glasses were never empty, and plates were gone like magic. Their menu was massive, with a large selection of things like congee, many vegetarian dishes and a whole host of treats. The decor is very elegant, in golds and rich woods and a very nice atmosphere that lends itself to a nice evening with friends and conversation. (Speaking of which, many thanks, BTW, to our friends Richard and Sherri who introduced us to this place, we WILL be back.)When we went, there wasn't a large crowd, but I'm guessing that this may be due to the secluded nature of the Emperor's Palace, but I hope that you'll try it yourself and see. If you want to be treated like a King, you've got to visit the Emperor!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,12/16/2013,44,53,2,7,6>Great Neighborhood old time bar. The pot roast and stuffed cabbage are "oh my gawd" from what I've heard. The pot roast melts in your mouth and it's enough to keep you full for a wekk. So expect delicious homestyle cooking and large portions. You won't leave hungry. The Mac n Cheese bites are deliciously crisp and melty (but not on the menu yet so you need to ask for them.) The prices are excellent. Most entrees are under $10 and the menu is stocked with homemade favorites like meat loaf, chicken parm, and burgers.  If you like good food, you will like it here. I went in expecting Miller time and found Thirsty dog on tap. They even carried Aecht Schlenkerla Rauchbier Märzen, the tastiest smoky beer ever.  They don't have a beer list, so be sure to check out the beer cooler. This place is the real deal. Don't expect fluffy redbull drinks or fruit loop vodka. It's liquor and beer. They do carry Slivovitz. It's plum brandy from central Europe. Drink it for "your health" not the flavor and deal with the consequences ;)
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,12/15/2013,74,71,3,7,4>Well, if you're on a diet you better forget it because this place will have you saying goodbye to that steel cut oatmeal in no time.  My first experience with Jack Frost was at a Yelp event - that maple bacon donut was life changing.  Since then, there's been no turning back and I'm as much of a fan of this place as you can get.When you walk into this place of amazingness, be prepared to feel overwhelmed with the incredible options you have.  Flavors you've seen, flavors you've never heard of, flavors you can't imagine living your life without tasting.  Trust me - there are so many you want to try and double up on that hitting your dozen comes faster than you expected.  My office is hooked on these incredible doughy treats topped with everything from salted caramel to a pile of delicious frosting.Until Jack Frost I was completely unaware of what a fantastic donut should taste like.  The dough itself is heavenly - perfectly soft and moist  and will rock your world.  So what are you waiting for?  You know you want one (or three).  P.S.  Remember to bring some cash because they don't take plastic.  A $10 bill will get you a dozen.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,12/14/2013,31,64,2,4,3>This place has always been on my list of places to try in Cle. For my birthday my husband and I took our 3 month old daughter on a Tuesday after the lunch rush, about 1:30-ish. Besides for a tight walkway and step up into the restaurant, it was baby friendly. The coffee was so good I didn't need cream or sugar. The waiter recommended the breakfast sandwich and french toast. We both got the breakfast sandwich (usually we get 2 different things to try and share, but it sounded THAT good) we split some cinnamon doughnuts and got pastry to go. Wow wow wow WOW. All I kept thinking is how have we not been here sooner? The atmosphere reminds me of some of our favorite NYC joints and the food easily stood up. We both loved it and I'm not going to lie, I brought my out of town friend the following week. She had the breakfast nachos (huge bowl, looked fantastic, nothing what I pictured) and I had chorizo biscuits, another terrific, very flavorful dish. The pastry was out of this world also. I'm a huge macaroon fan and we tried key lime pie, absolutely delicious. I'm not a huge cupcake lover, but my husband insisted on trying the Boston Cream Pie, and some very chocolatey one and they both made me swoon. They were moist and small so I didn't feel like a pig. I don't even like cupcakes but I would have eaten 10 more in less than 5 minutes if they were in front of me. The place seems to always have a small crowd, even at the off times when you would expect it to be empty, so I can only imagine it is more busy during traditional lunch/breakfast hours, and I'd stay away from Sunday brunch time because I'd imagine people are beating the door down. Service was stellar although the 2nd visit we had to flag someone down for a check and noticed another table had to as well. Hopefully your experience is as nice as mine!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,12/13/2013,13,160,,8,4>I was actually trying to go to Jammy Buggars today until I learned that they're closed Sundays so I figured I would check this new place out.. I am a fan!! I'm not sure if their website is even up yet so I'll give the basic rundown of the food.. Their main thing is a build your own burger type of situation. They have about six protein options, from turkey burgers to a bacon burger to a veggie burger (made with quinoa - yum!).  Then choose regular bun, whole wheat bun, salad or a gluten free waffle thing. After that, you can either pick all your own toppings or choose from suggested combos. I got the Palo Alto and it had avocado, goat cheese, tomato, arugula and some flavored ailoi.. It was really yummy!! You can also get a macaroni and cheese dish with crazy toppings, salad, loaded fries or a few other side options (including vegetarian chili). Their beer list is like 3 pages long AND they have the option to build your own 6 pack to take home with you! The fries were tasty but those are the only non-burger item I tried.  About the only issues we had: I'm bummed that there isn't a bar in this place because the food definitely lends well to a bar vibe. I's also not big so it might get a long wait once it picks up in popularity, and the space was just a little weird in terms of how sound would carry (you can easily hear conversations at the next table). Oh, and I wasn't a fan of the music but no big deal there! They said there will be a patio soon, which will be an awesome addition. Our server was really attentive and someone (maybe the owner?) came by to get feedback on the food. Since they're new, they seem really open to feedback at this point but when it comes to the food, I had nothing bad to say! All very tasty and creative.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,12/12/2013,107,133,,5,2>Had the rare opportunity to come downtown for lunch, so I had to try this new Korean/Japanese place I'd been hearing about.The menu offers a pretty arbitrary (and quite limited) smattering of Korean and Japanese selections - bi bim bop (stone bowl only), bulgogi, chicken katsu, a couple teriyaki selections, a couple of udon selections, one type of ramen, a couple of rolls.  We figured that since the owner was Korean that we should try some Korean food first (actually - they were out of the chicken katsu).  We ended up getting a bulgogi, a bi bim bop, and a dragon roll.  The bulgogi was marinated very well and came on a bed of bean sprouts and other veggies typical to japanese teppanyaki.  (Sadly, no grills at the tables here for you to cook the bulgogi yourself.)  It also came with two california rolls, which seemed out of place and made us scratch our heads a bit.  The bi bim bop was fairly typical and tasted decent, except it was piping hot and burnt quite a bit while we were waiting for the waitress to bring us a spoon.  The shrimp tempura within the dragon roll lacked crunch but the roll was flavored well and the eel was fresh.Pretty decent for Cleveland Asian fare.  We'll be back.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,12/11/2013,47,46,,4,1>Finally checked out this bbq joint. On entrance, I wasn't impressed. Everyone was at the bar, and the bartender had some dirty pan with oil and was waving it around, joking about it with the customers. Moving on... we sat ourselves in the back of the restaurant (completely empty btw). Atmosphere is unimpressive, but I didn't come here for fine dining. Ordered drinks. Bf got some hoppy beer, which had this really funky (in a good way) smell, and was actually quite delicious (has a kick to it). I usually don't like beer, so this was some really good stuff. I ordered hard cider. The waitress brought out a 4/5 filled glass, and said it was on the house since it was at the bottom of the keg. Sweeeet. Love free stuff. + 1 star for the hospitality. The food... so much yummy sounding stuff on the menu. Ultimately, decided on stupid fries. Fries with beans and slaw topped with a heavy layer of cheese. SO yummy. I don't even like beans or slaw, but the slaw really really complimented the fries. It was not too cabbagey, and had a nice vinegary taste. However, I did not like the beef brisket in the fries; the brisket pieces were fatty, and not what I expected.The main entrees. My friend got 1/2 turkey ribs and 1/2 of something else - forgot what sauce she got. Bf got spicy bbq St. Louis ribs. He really liked it. Friend and bf did not like the collard greens that they picked as their sides, but more for me! I got pulled pork with carolina bbq sauce. Dish came with a piece of corn bread (which was meh - fell apart before I could put on the butter), two sides. I loved the mac and cheese. The mac had lots of cream in it, and was also topped with another heavy layer of cheese. Very flavorful. Collard greens was slightly too salty for my taste, but still really really flavorful. Has some nice turkey pieces inside. Pulled pork had a nice tang, was juicy and succulent. WAY TOO MUCH FOOD. The only thing I didn't like were the prices. Wish they would offer 1/2 the dish for 1/2 the cost. Maybe next time, I'll get the pulled pork sandwich, and try the fried green tomatoes.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,12/10/2013,88,296,4,4,1>I was going Gangnam Style. Actually, our chef was going Gangnam Style, singing the song and waving his knives around.  These guys not only embrace cultural jokes, but run with them (in a good way).We went to Tomo after getting a Groupon and no, we didn't make reservations.  It wasn't a problem, we sat at the bar for about 10 minutes and were able to be sat at one of the "entertainment" seats.  The bartender, bless her soul, was probably hired on her looks instead of her apt bartending abilities.  First they were out of ginger beer (gasp!), but the drinks she made were fine.  It just took forever to get them and then to close out our tab when we moved to a table.As for the hibachi, no complaints here!  Our chefs were Beninhana styled jokesters.  Keeping us laughing and engaged from soup to Hibachi.  It probably didn't hurt that they were shooting saki in our mouths the whole time either!  The food seemed fresh and was diced and tossed and played with great skill!  We got the chicken and shrimp as well as the Tomo Special (ahem, thanks to my boyfriend who always orders the most expensive thing on the menu when I'm paying!).  It was all great!  I'd probably skip the chicken, just because the shrimp was to die for, and holy moly was that lobster and steak good ( I did at least get a taste).  Their secret mayo/pink sauce, I couldn't get enough of it either!  So even though our bill wasn't cheap, we had a great time!  I want to come back and bring a big group because the Saki fights were getting pretty intense - but I"m sure my friends could keep the game up!
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,12/9/2013,88,79,,14,5>Mom has been visiting, so we've been doing interesting things around town that I wouldn't normally do.The railroad was pretty cool, and I suggest it to everyone. Definitely a better value though for hikers/bikers that hop on and only have to pay $3. That said, we purchased the "First Class Tickets" (not cheap at $46 for two). Definitely not worth it. It may have been fun to go the ultimate level and sit in the windowed second-deck dome (those tix were sold out), but the First Class was not worth it at all. Just buy coach. My mom and I ended up sitting in coach the way back, and there was a lot more space, because the car was nearly empty. AND...in first class, nobody was pointing out the highlights! On the way back, the person in coach pointed out where the eagle's nest is, with all the chicks inside, but we were sitting on the wrong side of the train for it, because nobody said anything about it on the way down.Still though, a fun time, and a nice way to kill a few hours. You can walk about the train, and there's a concessions car with wine, beer, snacks, even sandwiches and hotdogs and such which you can take back to your seat.TIP...when you board, on the way down to Akron, sit on the east side of the car so you can see the winding river. On the way back, sit on the west so you can see the eagles.OH...ANOTHER TIP...the stop in Akron is a very short walk to the downtown area. You can EASILY walk to Luigi's pizza, Crave, Lockview Tavern, art museum...anything downtown really.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,12/8/2013,63,67,2,9,3>This is one of my favorite restaurants to eat in! Located at the end of Coventry, this is in my opinion, the best restaurant there! Plus, it's the only place to get good Malaysian food!! The restaurant has two menus to choose dishes from, a Malaysian menu and a Japanese menu. Malaysian food= my favorites are: roti chanai (appetizer), prawn mee, chow kueh teow, laksa noodles, and the BEEF RENDANG. I've also tried the following which are also very good: Tom yum seafood clay pot, curry chicken noodles, and the hokkien mee. Japanese food=  appetizers: curry croquette (my fav!!), agedashi tofu, and Maguro tataki (very yummy!). sushi rolls: rainbow, green dragon, tempura, giant spider rolls, lobster tempura roll ...basically I love most of their rolls, especially the ones with eel. They have the classic rolls of course, like spicy tuna etc., but the ones listed are my favorites. The fish is pretty fresh, so I'm rarely disappointed.Initially, some people had told me that they disliked the food at Pacific East, which made me a little nervous about trying the place out. After eating here however, I realized they were so sooo wrong! Perhaps, I should be wary about trusting those that don't eat a lot of Asian food... they obviously had no clue how good the food here is!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,12/7/2013,134,169,2,4,1>I ordered carryout before I left for work tonight and walked over to pick up my food. I walked in and when I realized there weren't any japanese people rolling the sushi, I didn't have high hopes. But, I loved my meal and will definitely be going back. I was talking to the owner and (her son?) and they were extremely friendly. I can't wait to go back and actually dine in.I had the vegetable maki combo and the miso soup. The vegetable maki combo comes with a few pieces each of asparagus and red pepper roll, green bean roll, and spinach and carrot roll. All of thse were different than what I'm used to, but I enjoyed them all! The combo also came with 1 inari, which was good. My only regreg was that I should have asked for low-sodium soy sauce- whatever they gave me was probably regular and was too salty. I also got a miso soup (TIP: pretty sure if you eat there, it's free!) and i liked it... it's miso soup, nothing complicated or fancy.I'm glad they'll be open daily starting mid July!! Can't wait to check them out again! The owner also said they're working on their liquor license to serve some alcohol!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,12/6/2013,103,97,3,4,4>I'm going to be taking huge bites of Gordon Square's Yellowcake from now on!This adorable boutique offers a beautiful collection of trendy, locally produced women's clothing and accessories. Because of this it tends to be a bit pricier, but I can't get enough of the idea that I am supporting a creative Cleveland designer! The interior of the story is bright and cheery, and the staff is very friendly and attentive.I stopped in today and ended up purchasing a really cute pair of white high waisted shorts with a grey dinosaur print! How's that for whimsical! Yes, I know you are thinking, "Shorts in November? Is she really from Cleveland? She won't be able to wear those for another six months!" But one of the staff members was super helpful at suggesting fall/winter appropriate ways to style these shorts! As I mentioned earlier, they a bit expensive ($74), but they are good quality, and totally unique!What I did notice is that Yellowcake's sizing tends to run a bit larger than average, so if you stop in here, consider trying on the next size down.I am excited to see what this sweet little shop will have in store for seasons to come!
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,12/5/2013,99,92,1,3,1>awesome.my new (temporary) apt has these terrible old ass machines that look like they eat quarters and don't dry. i didn't even want to try them. i was afraid my clothes would come out dirtier than they went in. i waited as long as i could (a month! bought new underwear a couple times instead of doing laundry lol) and decided it was probably time to face up to this massive load that i had accumulated.i've never used a laundromat before but this place with it's 5 star reviews caught my eye. how does a laundromat get 5 star reviews??i drove all the way over here from the east side to check this out. it's pretty much the sweetest public facility ever.washers with capacities up to 77 lb. i filled one up that was 62 lb capacity. woah.so much for running back and forth to a dank dirty cobwebby basement to do 3 loads!!my quality of life has been improved by 10 points just from this.my clothes are drying now. they are massive dryers. i could fit three of me in it probably.there's seating inside, a nice looking couch, folding stations, vending machines, detergent for purchase, and free wifi!! and all machines take credit cards!!thankfully i am moving soon (again!) to a new place with in unit laundry. if it ever craps out for any reason, i'll be sure to be back here!
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,12/4/2013,43,409,,2,2>Amazing!  Awesome!  I can't say enough good things and I can't wait to come back!  My first time ever was this past Friday and I was chaperoning and field trip for my son's class.  I didn't get to see much as I was in charge of 4 2nd graders, but everything I did see was great!Large coat room, cafeteria for eating our snacks, and a whole basement level dedicated to Ohio animals, weather and plant life.  The children and I all enjoyed the discovery room!
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,12/3/2013,55,71,,3,3>I much prefer shopping at an independently owned grocer over somewhere like Giant Eagle or Walmart. I do the majority of my grocery shopping here because it is convenient (just a few blocks from my house!), has an awesome selection of items that I have trouble finding at Giant Eagle, and everything is very fresh. I do supplement my shopping trips here with trips to Whole Foods or Aldi's, because they do not have the best organic produce selection and surprisingly, Whole Foods organic produce and faux meat offerings are often much cheaper than Zagara's.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2013,12/2/2013,46,454,12,7,4>Im not a huge gambler but I did have fun here for the short time I was here.  I could totally see myself getting all hammered and just people watching here.  It gets crazier people that the Horseshoe Downtown!  Parking lot is chaotic but once ya get a spot its a short strut to get in.  All of the employees I came across were out going and fun except the bartenders...they are miserable and cant pour a drink to save their cummerbund asses.  No table games that I saw, just one armed bandits.  I dont even know how to play any of em so I did end up spending 15 dollars in 15 seconds on one machine.  I DID, however find these Goldfish slots that were fun as hell and made me slightly forget that I was pissing away my money for a short time.  Me rating a casino is like a hipster rating a Gym but take my advice and whack back a few Powers Whiskeys, watch all the people in 1992 Chicago Bulls Starter coats and Rascal scooters and you will have a jolly time!  All I need to do is open up a plasma bank and a pawn shop close by and I rich, bitches!
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,12/1/2013,28,58,5,4,4>It might be hard to find, especially if you don't know where you're going. The very first time I ever went here, when I saw the outside of it, I thought, "uhhh...really?" Once inside, it is a very cozy place. It is small, so when there is a crowd you really do have to squeeze inbetween people. The bartenders are always pleasant, and if you are unsure on what you want to order, they ask all the right questions to figure out what to recommend to you. And yes, it is (in my opinion) very expensive. I try not to get more than two drinks on the rare occassions I do come here (maybe once a year) because of that. The drinks I get typically run about $16-$18 each. However, you need to keep in minfd that these drinks are made from scratch---and they are made very well. I love the amaretto sour, it's my favorite. Around the holidays they also serve egg nog in little sample cups which is pretty cool.The owner of VTR has an interesting life story--if you ever check out their web site, it discusses how he made a name for himself in tango rooms in South America and eventually made it to Cleveland when a bounty was put on his head by another man. Its a nice place, but I'm not able to be a frequent visitor just because of the prices.  I don't think I would ever come here with a big group because it is a little small, but I would, and have, come in groups of 4 or 5 and had a nice time.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,11/30/2013,196,218,6,11,10>Been wanting to check this place out for a while since it's right around the corner from Case. My first impression of this place was that it's similar to Chipotle. You first choose a wrap, rice bowl, or salad bowl. And then, you choose what dish you want in it. Options range from lipta lamb, murgi tikka (chicken), palak paneer (cheese+spinach), and aloo matar (potatoes and peas).I ordered the lipta lamb rice bowl and was absolutely blown away by the amount of flavor it had! The meat was topped by a savory green sauce (YUM!). The rice had such a variety of spices that it could be a dish all by itself! I tried my friends' murgi tikka and palak paneer rice bowls as well. Both were very flavorful and savory :) I definitely agree with some of the other reviews that the dishes could be spicier. Maybe they can put out some hot sauce by the utensils corner for customers who prefer a spicier flavor?I also ordered their mango lassi. Can't go wrong with this drink! Lastly, I love how they have a "Hindi lesson of the day" section on their menu. "Mujhe Cleveland pasand hai"=I LOVE CLEVELAND :)Definitely recommend this restaurant! Great service, food, and atmosphere.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,11/29/2013,53,187,3,7,6>Really happy with our first visit to El Carnicero, (no matter how stupid I feel stumbling over the name.) We got the recommended boar nachos, goat cheese guac, cucumber marg, mango marg and a beer with hot sauce in it and my bill was still under $40, so I'm not sure why everyone is complaining about the prices. I don't remember anything on the menu above $15 and the food quality is great. The other people with me tried two different tamales and everyone was in hog heaven. Also the service was great and we were just sitting at the bar, so I assume table service would be top notch. I'm also not sure why people are snidely saying it's a Momocho 2. I mean, it's not like they are trying to hide the affiliation, and also, people love that place, right? Spazzes. The only reason El Carnicero doesn't get 5 stars is because their happy hour ends at 6p, and I think that's just silly. Looking forward to going again!
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,11/28/2013,30,393,3,6,3>I was excited to notice a new shop in my hood the other day while out for a run - No Whey! Vegan Chocolate Candies, a vegan candy store. It's less than a mile from my house, and, ironically, across the street from a huge non-vegan candy store. (and in the same crazy little strip plaza as my favorite Thai restaurant - Bangkok Thai)They just opened and have some crazy hours - 4:00-9:00 pm Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday. (and it still looks a little like the Chinese restaurant that was in the same spot for years and years and years) My boyfriend and I dropped in on a rainy Tuesday night and we were the only customers for quite awhile. There was a huge tray of samples (hello, dark chocolate and cranberry bark!) and a small selection of candies and vegan goods on the sales floor. They feature a lot of products from Plant Kingdom, a local-ish energy bar/hemp bar creator.We chatted it up with one of the owners for awhile and you can tell they're really just starting to get the swing of things with their business. (but at least they take credit cards! yay, Square!) They hope to expand their product line and carry other vegan products as time passes/revenue increases. As of right now you can buy some Leahey products (as seen in my photo above), vegan marshmallows, Daiya cheese, and a few other vegan goods. It's a great start, honestly. I really think the sky's the limit for a vegan business in Cleveland...now if only I could get the capital to start my own vegan cafe/juice bar...
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,11/27/2013,37,274,3,5,4>You walk in and WHAM!!!!!The smoker was turned up to warp 9 cause it hits you!  But that  is a good thing!!! The shop is clean as a whistle, smells WONDERFUL and there are a TON of meats as a selection! I had a request to import some keilbasa to C'bus so I obliged and glad I did. Smokey rich and STUPID flavorful I got to pound my chest and yell at the top of my lungs, "this treasure I bestow upon thee is from thine older brother CITY OF CLE"!!!  (Be that rhymie mofo bro!!...Aaaah I can't stop!!!!) Anyway that was 2 lbs of the finest Cleveland Kielbasa that the C'bus natives devoured like a pack of rats....Hey they know whats good for them so no faults!!!!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,11/26/2013,6,103,,6,3>I've been to the Louvre, the Met, the National Gallery in London, and the Cleveland Museum of Art still gets great marks from me. The open galleries are quiet and inviting--no massive throngs to fight , or shouts from unappreciative patrons. The collections are varied and beautiful, and hold many gems from Matisse, Picasso, Monet, and more. New galleries are opening all through 2013, and the addition of a great restaurant and lots of seating make the museum a great place to spend an afternoon. Best of all? It's completely free. I love you, Museum of Art!
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,11/25/2013,178,357,2,4,4>Once upon a time this was my most visited bar in Cleveland. For this reason, it will always have a place in my heart. I got love for Edison's. Some great musicians have played here, one of them being Guitar Man. You can usually catch him on 25th now, dressed in a mask and cape, playing songs off of his up and coming cd. They're not too bad, he's a very talented man. The place is a house turned into a bar, still an upstairs to it, I believe it may be in use too. I could never live upstairs from a bar. Maybe it's not, don't take my word for it. The back patio, is brick-layer, has grape vines providing protection from a light drizzle, if that's not enough, there's a shell of the garage still standing with tables under it. There's a dart board for outside entertainment, a porch is also there as soon as you walk out. A cool water fountain is also back there. It's own little world exists back there. Connected to the bar is the pizza shop, accessible from  the front or inside the bar. This pizza is some of the best in Cleveland, actually I'm gonna go so far as to say it is the best. Honey packets available upon request, I think they even charge 25 cents nowadays! which is bullshit! but worth it. There's always local artists, photographers work posted up for sale. You can catch some real cool paintings, drawings, or photos here. Great beer selection. Fruity, fancy, or cheap, they got what you need. I have so many great memories in this place, some have no place in Yelp. If you're looking for a relaxed place to go in Tremont, this is it. Imagine it 5x better when you're there, that's how it was 2-3 yrs ago when we were regulars, before management changed. It's still cool though.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,11/24/2013,43,80,,6,3>I started coming here in 2006. Since then theres a new owner, the previous owner is still there it was a passing the torch sort of thing I think. The owner is great, she did a lot of updates and really added a lot of different services. Shes really progressing with the times, but they still have their older clientele and supply the services they need to do their best. Tiffany is a color goddess. EVERYONE asks where I "Get my red done". The prices are very reasonable. The owner also hires in new graduates and trains them beautifully. Like to support local? Here you go! Great parking. The area is busy but easy to get to, right in that plaza with Heinens.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,11/23/2013,51,109,2,2,2>Oh, Tree Country Bistro, you keep changing my mind! I still LOVE you (especially your basil fried rice! YUM!), but I have had a problem recently!...The first time I ordered your Country Style Pad Thai, I loved it. I thought it was better than my former favorite down the street, High Thai'd. Between my boyfriend and myself, this dish has been ordered a handful+ more times since that first visit. But the last few times, it hasn't had any reasonable amount of spice! So I have started asking for it "spicier than usual" and saying things like "I like my food spicy, I can handle the heat!" ^This is what I did today when I ordered food to be picked up, hoping that it would cure my worst-summer-cold-ever. I specifically said that Tree Country Bistro's food hasn't been spicy enough for me recently, and I was sick and wanted it to have an extra kick! The person who took my order laughed and said ok, extra hot! HOWEVER, when I got home and started eating, the extra spice was nowhere to be tasted. I realize I have a cold so perhaps that dampened my tastebuds a bit, but it tasted terribly mild (still delicious, but mild!). I may be a blonde-haired Scandinavian, but I really do like my food with a bit of kick to it. So PLEASE give me the heat I ask for! Obviously this review is a giant complaint, but I still love the food, so 4 stars rather than my previous 5.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,11/22/2013,190,48,,13,5>Love this place!  I spoke to one of the owners, Greg, and he said they've been in business for 9 years.  They have a bunch of different flavors of custard and a new special flavor every week!  Come in and pick up the schedule for the special custard flavors.  They also have many great flavors of traditional icecream and frozen yogurt, as well as sundaes and milkshakes! The inside is nicely decorated and the employees are as nice as can be!Come in for a scoop or two and support local businesses.  So creamy, tasty, and refreshing.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,11/21/2013,68,481,2,3,3>It took me years to make it to L'Albatros and I'm not sure why other than the fact that it always seemed a little too swanky for me. We walked over here on a Tuesday for some happy hour delights, and boy we were delighted! We sat at the bar and the bartender was super fun and attentive (he even helped me sneak the check payment when my fiance was gone for a minute). Looking at the happy hour menu, we weren't sure what to get. Everything sounded delicious! I ended up getting a lavender martini--so tasty; tasted like a spa, but in a good way!--and a grapefruit martini--super grapefruity and not weighed down by sweetener. To begin, we got the mussels. Holy cow, those mussels. The sauce was buttery and perfect and there wasn't one bad mussel in the bunch. We inhaled them and used the fries to soak up more of that juicy saucy brothy goodness. I still think about that dish often. We also tried the goat cheese tart, which was super rich and had a very light, airy, whipped texture to it that I loved. For dessert we had the honey almond cake, which was good, but nothing special if you ask me. I'm not huge into desserts, but I felt like I could have whipped that up on my own. A better dessert would have been the mussels--finish the meal on the great note that we started it on! I'll definitely be back and I'll definitely get the mussels again, but hopefully I can bring myself to try all of the other amazing sounding menu items, too.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,11/20/2013,97,533,2,9,7>Set sail for Porco, truly its own marvelous island in the middle of W 25th. When we visited, they had only been open a week, but we were blown away by the drinks and their hospitality. We dipped our toe in with four of the tiki drinks- any more and we would have been seeing pink elephants- and were hard-pressed to choose a favorite. As others have mentioned, everything that goes into the tiki drinks is house-made, and anything containing high-fructose corn syrup or neon colors would have to walk the plank around here. The care is very apparent in the quality of the beverages. We had almost as much fun admiring the décor as we did drinking in it. It was evident that someone had put a lot of thought and hard work into the theme, including finding artifacts from the Kon-Tiki that entertained former generations of Clevelanders. So get in your outrigger canoe, chart a course for Porco, and pull up a hammock. I can't wait to wash up on their beach again.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,11/19/2013,98,206,4,8,5>After a dozen visits and converting my siblings, many friends and acquaintances, I'm still a believer of Drink. The service has continued to be excellent and the food has been a pleasant surprise. The onion rings were quite large, homemade, and had a nice spicy tempura batter. These were not typical bar onion rings. They still get the little things right: bringing a water to you as soon as you sit down and refilling water or your non alcoholic beverage without asking - I really appreciate this. 'Classier' places in Tremont and West 25th in the OC, aren't doing this as much as they used to - forgetting why they're classier in the first place - because they did the little things like this (along with the nicer beers, atmospheres, clientele, etc). Jazz, ragtime, or old blues (pre-60s) in the backgrounds, TV's will occasionally have sports [no sound] played in the background and aren't the focus here. Their beer selections have not disappointed me as Brian keeps a nice rotation of very so often and bringing things that I can't drink anywhere else in Old Brooklyn, like dogfish pumpkin ale and nosferatu at expected prices (5-5.50 for the micro drafts). The only thing I could ask is a few others to join me and friends some times.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,11/18/2013,54,72,3,3,2>When I think of a coffee shop. MoCa epitomizes this thought. Perfect intimate atmosphere. I took a hint from P.W. And got their chai tea, and it's pretty fricken good. I am a huge fan if their drinks. The guy there steams all my coffees to the perfect temperature. I hate when I have to wait to drink. Moca has a great menu and all their stuff is made in house. I often see the musician through the window at night sometimes. Which is cool where I'm from you don't see that in a coffee shop anymore, ironically. Only con is that they have a $5 min on plastic. So I usually am forced into buying some chocolate expression beans. Which I'm not complaining about, I love those damn things. Don't bring outside food in. They have food there. Keep it up MoCa. I like your style.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,11/17/2013,15,103,,4,3>Right down from my other favorite vendor (Dohar's) is Fosters.  First let me say... when they were closed after the January, 2013 fire, I was despondant.  There just is no better liver available anywhere else within the WSM.  Trust me, I've tried them all.  Foster's has tender, fresh liver which is just a joy.I also rely on them for my annual rib roast for Christmas.  Oh good gracious... it is just jaw droppingly beautiful and tender.  These guys are friendly and so very helpful.  Even with a busy Saturday crowd, they are on their game, and quick.  I'm so glad they are back in business finally!  I missed them very much!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,11/16/2013,27,26,,4,2>The number of Vietnamese and Pho options in Cleveland has expanded in recent years.  One of the newer options is Saigon Grille, which is within a block of two other well established Pho restaurants.  I am giving Saigon Grille 4 stars on the strength of the Grilled Pork Bahn Mi Sandwich - the smokey sweet and spicy sandwich is very good and my favorite in the area.  The Pho is ok -- it is not the best but it is ok.  They can do a better job of skimming the oil and fat off of the pho broth which is my only minor complaint.  Our party enjoyed the Grille Pork Bahn Mi, Beef Pho, Chicken Pho, and Grilled Pork with egg and Broken Rice.  Everything tasted good and again, the sandwich was great.Saigon Grille and the Nail Supply store next to them share a rear parking lot.  Access is off of E. 31st (one way street from Superior) and it is like a small alley called Danford Ct.  There is a small white sign with red letters and arrow to point the way.For anyone new to Pho, here is my generic description taken from one of my other reviews: "It comes with your choice of meats along with rice noodles and some lighter herbs in a savory broth. A plate of bean sprouts, Asian basil, mint, pepper and lime is brought out on a plate. You can eat the noodle soup plain, and I recommend you do that for a bite or two to get an initial taste to enjoy the broth flavor. Many people will put in healthy handfuls from the plate of veggies, twist the lime juice, throw in a sliced jalapeno pepper, and then squeeze some hoisin sauce (thick black sweet/tangy flavoring), and red Sriracha chili sauce (a little goes a long way as the Sriracha can overpower everything). Mix it up and enjoy. It is a two handed affair with the soup spoon in one hand and chopsticks in the other."
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,11/15/2013,110,90,,4,2>If you're a fan of dim sum, this is the place to be. This is one of the few places in Cleveland that serves this Cantonese food, but this is the best place by far compared to the other ones.On weekends, the place is usually packed with Asians from all over the greater Cleveland area. However, seating is usually not a problem as this is a fairly large restaurant. Their dim sum selection features over 40+ items, ranging from the usual shrimp dumplings (har gow), pork dumping (siu mai), congee, to beef tendons and chicken feet (you should definitely try this, its tastier than it sounds!). The dim sum is served from carts that are pushed around the restaurant. Each cart has a different selection of dim sum dishes. You stop a cart and you make your selection. The dishes are tallied on the check. The dim sum is fresh and is made daily, but selection and freshness is definitely better on the weekends since its busier and more batches are made. My favorite dim sum dishes include the shrimp and pork dumplings, pork & egg congee, chicken feet, beef tendons, stuff eggplants, shrimp rice crepes,  and to finish off with egg tart custards and/or sweet soy bean pudding.During dim sum, you don't really have a dedicated server. You can flag down any one of the servers to get what you want. Some server's are better with English than others, so communications can be an issue for non Chinese speakers. However, they do have a menu featuring pictures of the dim sum dishes which you can select and will be brought to your table.My only advice for first time dim sum goers is to be open minded and try what smells and looks good!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,11/14/2013,36,140,,3,2>All night happy hour on Wednesdays!  The beer list is huge, sometimes you can get an expensive beer for really cheap if they are trying to deplete stock, and the food is usually spot on for a dive bar. The food is not greasy fried fare and microwaved snacks from--this stuff is a cut above.  It's no Lolita, but it's damn good for a divey bar.  Also, they have a bowling machine.  A bowling machine!  The service don't suck either.  Actually, the service is great.  This is the kind of place one could make their home base.  It's got a good and comfortable crowd through the week, and the weekends are packed with all sorts of folks.  The crowd is always a mix of many different types.  I've seen business folk, hipsters, hip-hop dudes, and so on.  That makes the jukebox play the perfect mix of everything awesome.  ABC is full of awesome.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2013,11/13/2013,104,314,,4,3>My wife and I made reservations for Pier W as it is on my long list of Cleveland restaurants that I wanted to visit.  Once we arrived, we were promptly seated and served water and then bread.  The bread was really tasty...it was crispy on the outside and moist and warm on the inside.For an appetizer, we ordered the fish tacos, which were tasty.  I give the fish tacos a 4 out of 5 stars.  They were cunchy and had some salsa on them with avocado on the side.For drink, we ordered a 1/2 bottle of Chardonnay, which was really delicious and paired perfectly with our dinners.For dinner, I ordered the salmon and vegetables and my wife ordered the double lobster tails.  Both of our meals were excellent.  It wasn't the best piece of salmon I've ever had, but it was definitely in the top five...very fresh, very tasty!With tip, the meal came to $150.  Don't be afraid to dress up if you eat here, there were several people wearing suits and ties.The view of Lake Erie and Cleveland gets five stars.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,11/12/2013,84,191,,7,6>Read about the Cleveland Flea in Cleveland magazine and did a saturday morning double date with old law school roomie and our mates for the September flea. This monthly flea market has landed a great spot, Sterles, on e.55th, with an excellent beer garden where Sterles serves up its own grub, booze and coffee. Food trucks and other food vendors are on site giving attendees lots of options. We hit up the mobile doughnut truck, the homemade bagels & cream cheese, fresh pressed coffee, and a beet juice stand. LOTS of Cleveland themed clothing and household items up for grabs, including 4 Cleveland coasters I took home from The Foundry Woodprints. Lots of great furniture as well. Wish this was more than once a month!
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,11/11/2013,57,75,2,4,6>Outstanding! This morning i woke up feeling like I had been punched by a school bus. Fortunately, I remembered the gift card for Sacred Hour that  had been hiding out for months. I called five minutes before they opened and scheduled an appointment for an hour later. The receptionist was helpful and pleasant both on the phone and in person. The only tricky thing about a massage at Sacred hour is finding it! They're located across from Heinen's in Rocky River but the door is situated awkwardly on the north side of the street in the front of a small plaza. The atmosphere and decor of sacred Hour are thoughtfully constructed to be super calming without being goofy. I drank a cup of hot tea while I waited in the dimly lit lounge then met Bridget, my massage therapist. Or are we calling them masseurs? I have no idea but she was effing amazing. She consulted with me for a couple minutes then gave me privacy to undress and hop on the table. I'd explained about a couple specific areas to work on and she seamlessly navigated from one muscle group to another. I liked how she moved my limbs and head slightly but not too much, in order to best reach tense areas. The one hour massage was wonderful and I would have like to have had a 90 minute session if time had allowed on my end. Again, Bridget was very talented and proffesional.  Afterward, she offered some feedback of the state of my muscles (jacked) and how to work on them in the future. I will return and would not hesitate to recommend her to any one else looking for a relaxing and therapeutic experience.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,11/10/2013,180,563,8,8,5>I think I'm seriously in denial that I had to leave NYC and now live in Cleveland. That said, yelp has threatened to take away my beloved elite status if I do not step it up and come out of my reviewing shell so since I'm a big girl here it goes...I couldn't stand studying at home anymore so I turned to yelp for somewhere quiet that would feed me and let me study for a few hours. This place is close to campus near my house and overall so darling. It immediately reminded me of a bunch of places in Park Slope-except for the amazing perk of being middle eastern! They have Arabic coffee, zaatar and labneh! And the tables are mismatched like my favorite tea lounge: hey, I think I might embrace Cleveland living after all. Come here for somewhere quiet and friendly where you can read, eat delicious comforting food and study. Wish me luck-boards are Tuesday!
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,11/9/2013,442,1404,4,4,2>I love this place for a casual Sunday Brunch.  My date ordered the Nest Egg and an iced mocha and I ordered the Herb Scrambled eggs with ham and cheddar.  The eggs came with a choice of multigrain or peasant bread.  I asked for both of course.  The cherry jelly that came with it was awesome.  My eggs were so good!  Sitting outside on the sidewalk is great.  Just a charming place.  The crepes and paninis look good.  And the pastries, scones, cupcakes, and cookies always look amazing.  I restrained myself and did not get a cookie :(
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,11/8/2013,55,83,3,4,3>Wow- That's a big pizza! 18 inches. People drive around on tires smaller than that!  It's a New York style hand tossed pie and the crust was very good.  I ordered the deluxe meat and could tell all of the toppings were of great quality. The toppings had alot of flavor when compared to most other pizza places. The quantity of toppings was impressive as well. All-in-all it was good eats. Some of my concerns:The pizza was SO HUGE the box wouldn't fit into my refrigerator until I removed everything including the shelves. Can't wait to eat the leftovers tomorrow. It was a bit greasy but was likely a result of the toppings I chose. The manager was MFing a customer that just left to another employee. New York style? They've got a Thursday special- 14" one topping pizza for $7.95. So...  Try it!
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,11/7/2013,263,228,3,12,11>ken stewart goes northto awaken the east bankriver renaissanceThe Powerhouse is on the west bank, but the east bank stirs to life after all these years with none other than its own powerhouse, Ken Stewart, veteran restaurateur throwing down hard with a new spot in the flats.  And it takes a veteran pro to come out this strong from the gate. Personally, I have a lot of respect for that, as opposed to places that open with excuses of being "new" and still charge full prices.  For those, I have no tolerance.  Walking in, we were greeted by the entire Stewart family.  Nice!  Ken, big personality and consummate professional, showed us to the bar area.  The bar is a stunner.  Colorful, comfortable, and a solid inventory.  No soda guns, but small bottles of soda, ginger ale and the like. What a HUGE difference that makes.  A very nice cocktail list, and well trained bartenders to make them. A hat tip to bartender Molly, who made me a perfectly balanced bourbon/lemon/basil cocktail that was truly a delight. Full flavor spectrum, with the basil top-note being a nuance, and not a hammer. Also, the herb was not muddled into an oblivion that gets all caught up in your teeth.We had a few appetizers that were exceptional, along with a small, cast iron pan of traditional "Parker house" rolls that I could eat all day. Our mussels came in a light curry broth that those rolls proved a perfect vessel for.  Very, very good.We also had Hamachi sashimi that was fresh, and all in all, outstanding.  I wished for a few more slices, but it is perfect example of quality over quantity.  Actually, it was just the right amount.My personal favorite was the steak tartar.  Actually, a simple dish that when properly executed is beef heaven. If it is on the menu, I usually order it. I've had it in NYC's Le Halle, and it made me sad.  I had it in various Chicago restaurants, and when I found a good one, I could not get it made the same way twice in a row. The Greenhouse Tavern here in Cleveland does a rock solid tartar, and that makes me happy.  But the tartar at East Bank is special. Coarsely ground prime beef topped with a perfect egg yolk, served simply and traditionally, with toast points, capers, and onions, this was, by far, the best tartar I ever had. I'm looking forward to dinner here.  I don't think I'll be ordering a steak anywhere else, as the beef here starts with U.S. Prime, and works its way up to Japanese Wagyu, complete with individual steer certification. Get this.  The certificate of authenticity includes a nose print.  On the certificate. And probably a full DNA profile as well.  This place is a game changer for Cleveland Steakhouses, and can hang with any of the heavy hitters anywhere. Bravo.Carry on...
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,11/6/2013,31,35,,4,4>For years I've walked by this place wondering if it was any good... now I feel like an idiot for not going there sooner. Wow! It's pretty cool inside, small but colorful, lots of character... plus its elevation provides a nice view of Kent. The food was really good! I ordered the 'el biggo steak burrito' and a chicken soft taco. The taco was much bigger than I expected and the burrito was enormous, it puts Chipotle to shame. Plus I added the 'Fatali Ghost Sauce', freaking awesome! Lots of food (fresh ingredients) at a reasonable price.If you're downtown you might be tempted to try the new Mexican restaurant around the corner (Fresco). Don't. Save you money and hop over to Taco Tontos, you won't regret it!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,11/5/2013,99,118,2,3,3>Owner is from Italy. They make their gelato on site. Over 200 different flavors on their website. Try this place out if you are in old Brooklyn. I had pistachio, passion fruit, and banana dolce latte. All very tasty. The gelato reminded me of my time in Florence and tasted just as good.  This would have given honey hut a run for its money when i was growing up in this neighborhood. Tattoo place next door if you want to get your tat on then soothe your new wounds with gelato.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,11/4/2013,48,38,6,9,3>This is the ne plus ultra of coffee shops. That's not to say no other coffee shop is worthy, but I am 99% sure there is an upcoming rom-com set here, featuring Kate Hudson as the gorgeous-but-gawky whatever-her-job-is and Matthew McConaughey as the rakish owner of Rising Star Coffee. Their meet-cute occurs when Kate accidentally, but charmingly falls down the FIREMAN'S POLE (get your mind out the gutter) that is located in this refurbished former fire station / current coffee shop.Though Matthew will hate Kate at first for breaking her fall upon his burlap sacks of small-batch roasted coffee beans (get your mind out of the gutter), they slowly fall in love due to the excruciatingly long time it takes to get a pour-over. Something climactic happens (get your mind out of the gutter) and in the denouement, Matthew and Kate adopt a dalmatian and settle into relative, but loving, obscurity.ETA: Oh, the coffee is really good here.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,11/3/2013,23,125,,3,2>I have dined at Bodega twice. The first time it was so jam packed we ended up sitting at one of the little couches off to the side. I was okay with that though. Last night (on a Tuesday) it was nearly empty.This restaurant must not be one that people visit during regular week nights. Perhaps due to the price, or maybe it was just too late?Entree's range anywhere from 18 to 50 dollars. I have had the Surf and Turf and the Grilled Chicken Alfredo. Both were delicious and perfectly cooked!Drinks are about the same price you can find anywhere. I like to order a dirty martini when I go here with a top shelf vodka. Yum!Our waiter, I forget his name unfortunately, was so incredibly pleasant and really did his best to make sure that everything was perfect. I really could not have asked for a better dining experience.Tip: They have a patio. If its nice out, give it a go! They had some nice music playing and candles out.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,11/2/2013,65,71,3,2,3>I saw The Lyons on Saturday. I've only been to the Cleveland Heights area for Cedar Lee movie theatre. There is a lot going on! The Dobama Theatre is across the street from the main library. Parking was easy, lots of options: behind the building, parking lot off to the side and on the street. The theatre was packed, only a couple seats open. I heard a summary of the 2013-2014 season plays, they sound amazing! I'll be going back.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,11/1/2013,129,81,,5,3>This spot has many faces....I'm reviewing on food and atmosphere during lunch, dinner and brunch. All have been amazing and keep me wanting more. The juices are refreshing. Please start with one (don't let kale mislead you - so good!). Then pick your favorite off of their expansive menu. Everything I have tried has yet to disappoint. This also goes for my co-workers and friends I have dragged over. Atmosphere can't be beat. Indoor, outdoor, shade, sun, breeze....take your pick. It does tend to get crowded at night so if that isn't your thing go early, try one of Cleveland's local beers on the board and have fun.Great addition to 25th! And the growing brunch scene.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,10/31/2013,95,107,,5,3>Being born and raised in Lakewood, I've been to Mahall's many times throughout the years. Its always been near and dear to my heart. But even as a little one, I realized this place needed a pick-me-up. So they finally did it. And I'm so glad they kept the charisma of the place and didn't just completely redo everything so it looks like a run of the mill, everyday bowling alley. Nope! They cleaned it up, threw in some classic cocktails, decent food, and great events (like the Crafty Mart and Manly Mart!), oh and a stage to bring in musicians. The two bars are a nice touch too.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,10/30/2013,42,64,3,5,2>Being new to Cleveland, we asked around about the best places to eat. So many people had told us Zanzibar's was amazing, so we decided to try it - despite these bad reviews here which I really do not believe accurately portray this restaurant. Our server was amazing - Justin. He was new, but very friendly and knowledgeable. He told us his favorites on the menu - the turkey chops and honey fried chicken - so that's what we ordered. It was amazing, the best food we have had so far in Cleveland. The portions were huge, we really could have shared one dish. The drinks were great too. They were a large size and they did not skimp on the alcohol content either. We will DEF be going back. Don't let these reviews scare you. You must go try it!!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,10/29/2013,66,64,2,4,4>On a beautifully sunny day I ventured out on my next adventure to find the last covered bridge in Summit County. So armed with my GPS I set out over the river and through to the woods to Everett road. I'm always pleased with the trails in the Cuyahoga Valley National Park so I was sure to not be disappointed. This covered bridge is EXCELLENT. It is very well up kept and preserved. I was expecting to have to hike a little ways to the bridge but as I saw the bridge from the Everett Rd. parking lot it seemed like only a few yards....definitely doable if you were with little children or someone who has trouble walking. It was set up perfectly for fun pictures. And if you are history buff like me, there is a placard with brief history of the renovation of the bridge. Overall a brillant discovery!
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,10/28/2013,215,581,2,4,3>I'm a huge fan of Cerino's in Broadview Heights, and I also really enjoyed Eddie 'N Eddie. I had no doubts that Cerino's Casual Italian would be good at what it does. I guess I understand why Eddie 'N Eddie had to go. And aside from Peppers (and I guess Angelos, and some other small pizzerias), there isn't a lot of casual Italian in Lakewood. I'd consider Cerino's to be a little bit more elevated than just "casual," in fact. There's something about the space that is more than just that old, mom & pop place. I love those types of places, I really do. But sometimes you just need a little bit of space and a modern touch. Anyway, that's all about the idea of this place and the reputation that Eddie holds. However, I was a little disappointed with my takeout experience. I know, it's not the same as dining in. But the baked ziti was very bland. I was surprised, actually. There was plenty of fresh basil, the cheese was good and the pasta was cooked well, but a little more salt & pepper could have brought this dish to another level. (**Edited to add "duh realization moment": I ordered it without the sausage. So obviously the sausage would have added more flavor. So, I guess my suggestion would be to do something to the vegetarian version of this dish to balance it out a bit.**)My husband loved his cortini dish -- and so did I. This had pulled pork, ricotta, and other stuff. It was delicious. In contrast to the underseasoned ziti dish, the bread they provided with the order was overly salty. I'm usually a bread beast, but I only had once piece.Also, I had ordered a salad, and even after confirming the order over the phone and again when I picked up, it wasn't in the bag. I called and they were unable to refund the charge for the salad on my credit card for some reason, so they gave me a "credit" for a salad next time I come in. I was like, "So, you're just gonna write down my name, and you'll know?" I guess we'll see how organized they are about this sort of thing. If I were them, I might have either a) sent someone out to deliver my salad (I live in Lakewood, 5 mins away), or b) I would have gotten my email address or home address and sent a gift card, just to ensure that it wouldn't be lost in the insanity that is a new(ish) restaurant.Because I have always had a great experience at the other Cerino locations (and great feedback from Eddie himself), I'll certainly give this place another try soon.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,10/27/2013,32,55,1,5,4>We had such a wonderful time here last night! Usually I'm one to check out the whole menu online and pick out my meal before even getting to the restaurant, but was unable to find Bon Vivant's menu anywhere. It worked out just fine.We made an 8 PM reservation and it was a beautiful night, so we sat outside.  There was live music inside that began shortly after we arrived, and flowed out on the porch through the open windows and door. The wine menu was about 3 times longer than the food menu, which I loved.  There were a couple soups, a salad, and maybe 4 entrees and thats really all you needed.  We ordered a french onion soup (which was delicious), and the pear, walnut, and goat cheese arugula salad (good, standard) to start. For entrees we went with the chicken paillard and a mushroom ravioli.  The chicken was perfectly cooked, very moist and flavorful.  It came with a side of brussel sprouts that I believe were steamed and tossed with vinegar- not my favorite preparation of one of my favorite vegetables.  The mushroom ravioli were the special for the evening and were delicious- so flavorful and melted in your mouth.  All entrees were under $20, but for those expecting huge portions, be warned this is not that kind of place.  For dessert we ordered the cinnamon and vanilla creme brulee. It was good but not great, it felt as though it weren't freshly made, and the top was a bit underscorched. We took our time and the waitress was not pushy as we relaxed, enjoyed the weather and the music and our bottle of wine.  When it started downpouring as we finished our dessert, they helped us quickly move to a covered porch spot where we watched the rain fall around us.  We later went inside to watch the band (a guitarist and drummer) as we finished our last glasses of wine, and the vibe inside was so nice too. I really felt like we were transported to Paris for the night.The ambiance at Bon Vivant can't be beat.  The food is simple, and very good. We will definitely be back!
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,10/26/2013,23,256,,3,2>I had eaten here once before and got the burger special.  I remember thinking it was just ok.  My sister lives in Lakewoood and is always raving about this place, so we got takeout at her place a couple weeks ago.  This time, however, I thought the food was awesome.  My husband had some kind of philly sandwich, my sister had the ex, and i had a chicken sandwich.  they were all good, but the fries were excellent.  love the variety of fry sauces!  my sister also loves this place bc they have more vegan options than most places.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,10/25/2013,56,103,1,6,3>I almost always go to Koko's next door and never set food in Map of Thailand, but that changed recently. A coworker and I were on our way to the Yelp! Elite event at J and C Glass studio and decided to grab dinner first. We split the beef salad, an order of summer rolls, the green papaya salad, and two different types of curries. Out of them all, the beef salad was the winner for the night. The veggies were crisp, the beef was very well seasoned and the sauce over it all made my toes curl. The curries were both very good. Both were seafood based (I'd love to tell you the names of them, but I don't honestly recall), and the scallops kicked ass. They were larger than half-dollars and very fresh. Service was a bit slow, but good. The gentleman waiting on us didn't do so well, but was just peachy when I pointed at items on the menu. Maybe I'm pronouncing things wrong?Not a place I'd drive up to Cleveland specifically for, but if I'm ever in the area again, I'd be happy to stop.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,10/24/2013,105,123,,2,3>New Orleans may be my favorite place on Earth, so anywhere I can have a good NOLA-inspired meal is already up there on my list.  Seriously though, Jezebel's is a great place for po-boys, jambalaya, gumbo and all your other Creole favorites. The service is always great and the atmosphere is always lively.  The drinks here are great,too.  They make a great Sazerac (my favorite) and if you like spicy, try the Cajun Lemonade.  If you are feeling brave, try the alligator bites - flavorful and interesting.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,10/23/2013,57,281,,3,2>Be prepared to spend a good chunk of time in the Hall of Fame.  It has a lot of exhibits to see and an hour and change really isn't enough to see it all.  I went while in town apartment hunting and wasn't disappointed.  I have my rock and roll groups that I like/ have heard of.  I wish I would have had some time to check out some of the extra exhibits, but we had to be out by 1115 when we went.  You get a good history and they have a pretty big collection of guitars, clothing, letters/ contracts and that sort of thing.  Early during the day and during the week is a better time to go, that's for sure.  It is on the pricey side ($21 for an adult) with no AAA discount which is odd!  Eventually, might go back and see what I missedTake a look at trying to get some of the extended (4hr) street parking as opposed to the garages, $1 gets you an hour of parking
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,10/22/2013,22,51,2,4,5>Best. Bacon. Ever.I took my parents here for brunch on Mother's Day and it was great. The highlights for us were the pork belly and egg, the sticky pig cocktail.. and the bruleed bacon. Of course you would expect a place called the Black Pig to serve delicious pork dishes, but this bacon was beyond my expectations! It was charred and smokey and fatty.. total perfection. My mom and I agreed that we would've been satisfied with just the bacon and more sticky pig cocktails. Yum!Also worth mentioning was the croque madame - it was delicious and overstuffed with delicious ham. It was a little heavy and large for brunch for me, but if you're in the mood for something really substantial, it's a good bet. We also tried the financier dessert which was delicious as well. I will definitely be back to the Black Pig and am excited to try their happy hour and dinner!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2013,10/21/2013,99,376,,12,5>The Ripper is back!!!!I was a huge fan of Ripper Owens Tap House on Waterloo, so I was shocked to hear what happened. Knowing The Ripper, though, he wasn't going to give up on his dream. Once the old Firehouse closed, it was only a matter of time until something awesome opened up in its place.The beer selection is surprisingly good. I can't complain about any bar that has Chimay for sale. And they even give you a different type and shape of glass for whatever beer you're drinking.Knowing Tim "Ripper" Owens' background as a kick-ass metal vocalist -- I'm a fan of his work in Judas Priest and Iced Earth (YouTube "Ten Thousand Strong" to see what I mean) -- he's going to do everything in his power to bring rock bands to Akron. Other than Annabell's and The Rock Factory, there really aren't that many decent rock/metal bars. It seems like there's always a new band performing. And The Ripper even attracts nationally-known acts, such as former Queensryche vocalist Geoff Tate. Hell, even Ripper will perform a few acoustic shows a year at no cost.But the food here is, for bar food, as good as you'll get in Akron. They are the only bar in the Akron area I can think of with a head chef in the kitchen. They custom make all 32 -- or is it 34 -- wing sauces, ranging from cheese-based sauces to the appropriately-named Ripper's Scream Machine to even a curry-based wing sauce. Even the pizzas here are made from scratch.The attention to detail is legendary among Akron bars, too. With a guitar fretboard and a mike as door handles, Ripper's logo on all the bar stools and a sleek new look, Ripper gave the rather bland Firehouse a very metal makeover.One thing I didn't like was the lack of standing room by the stage. It will feel very crowded when a major act comes to the Rock House. It seems like the Tap House was larger. I also didn't care for how the kitchen closes at 12 am when all the neighboring bars that serve food have their kitchens close at 2.I feel like this may be my new favorite hangout.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,10/20/2013,10,27,14,9,9>I am shamed. This is the Platonic Form of Diner, and my first visit is sinfully today. Chicken soup screams Diner. Bar stools at lunch counter scream Diner. Waitress with thick European accent of indeterminate origin screams Diner. Perch from Lake Erie screams Diner. Mom and I gorged ourselves for $15, also, of Diner.  You could lift this joint by helicopter and drop it in Manhattan tomorrow, all of NYC would praise the Diner Gods on bended knee without ceasing.And you, YOU who have kept this place your secret Diner Nirvana, who are you people? You are sinners against all that is Diner, in league with scribes and pharisees. All that is good and holy and of Diner, you speak of it not, lest your fellow diners seek nourishment from the font of Diner. Repent!
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,10/19/2013,22,41,2,2,3>Delish!     The unassuming building truly houses a restaurant with skilled chefs, exceptional staff, and good food.  We stopped by after a long day, only 20 minutes before their kitchen "closed" (we called ahead to ask if we would be "those people" and they happily responded that we should definitely still stop by).  We sat at the bar, where many others were enjoying wine and appetizers.  The bartender was lovely, one of the best servers I've experienced.  We ordered two glasses of wine (somewhat pricey at 13 a glass, but we knew what we were paying and were not surprised when our bill came), and a calamari to start.  The calamari (9.5) was a bit on the sweet side, but it was cooked very well.     For dinner we got a grilled chicken sandwich (10), with a side of rosemary garlic fries, and the veal (26).  We asked our server if any dairy products were in the veal meal, and she said no, but when the the plate arrived, there was milk in the mashed potatoes.  She quickly got us a side of sweet potato fries as a substitution, and was apologetic.  The sandwich, and veal were fantastic... both of the fries were not (one was flimsy, wet, and undercooked; the other was incredibly spicy with seasoning that's too intense).  Our server noticed that we didn't eat our fries, asked about it, and said she would tell the kitchen for the future (even though we told her the rest of our meal was great and we weren't upset).  We also ordered a piece of coconut cake (8.5) and it was wonderful - definitely ask about their desserts (the women next to us RAVED about the smores creme brulee).    Was our food perfect?  No. But were we happy?  Definitely.  The great service made up for the tiny bumps in the meal.  Loved it. Will definitely return!       Full disclosure - we used a groupon for the meal (paid $25 for a $50 gift certificate), but we would definitely pay "full price".
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,10/18/2013,44,43,4,6,5>What a gem. I've been to this Ohio City joint a number of times and it never fails to disappoint. By far, my favorite thing to order is the guacamole sampler. The flavors are so damn tasty and unique. GOAT CHEESE GUACAMOLE? UM, YES PLEASE. Basically a combination of my two favorite foods. It tastes like heaven. Margaritas here are also very tasty--I've had the cucumber and hibiscus margaritas, both incredibly refreshing and yummy!As far as entrees go, I had some vegetarian fajita dish. The only downside is that I wish the menu had more vegetarian options. But honestly, I still have a wonderful meal every time I come here.Mo' momocho please.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,10/17/2013,86,287,3,5,5>I really, really liked this place. A friend and I were in the area for a movie and decided to eat here instead of Quaker State, probably because we were all sports-bar'd-out. It turned out to be a really good decision, because this place rules. Of course, each new restaurant nowadays has to go the "We're not just a restaurant, we're a GASTROPUB" route. Whatever, as long as it has good food and a decent beer selection, I'm down. And this place has both. It may be the actual largest beer selection that I can recall in the Cleveland area -- the booze menu alone is, like, a dozen pages. You can get small, medium and large beers if you're in a choose-y mood. And the food was freakin' fantastic. I got the Cuban sandwich, with ham, pulled pork and pickles so tasty I could have eaten just them on the sandwich. My compatriot got the pulled pork sandwich on cornbread, and that looked delicious as well. Later in the evening they have live music around their huge fire pit near the nice patio. Walking back from the movie, I heard the sweet, sweet strains of some local band playing an off-kilter version of "Lithium," which kind of makes me wish I had hung out there all night drinking dozens of different tiny beers.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,10/9/2013,36,181,2,4,3>My husband and I had Sunday Brunch.   The food, staff and ambiance were on point!   Our server was prompt, friendly and knowledgeable.  We were seated on the enclosed patio, which was very nice and bright.   We ordered the oxtail pierogies as our starter, steak and eggs (hubby), pot roast hash (me) and mimosas.   We received a complimentary order of monkey bread, which was served warm, fluffy and drizzled with the most amazing caramel sauce.   The oxtail pierogies arrived shortly thereafter.  The pierogies, were soft pillows of amazing!   They were filled with potatoes and cheese, and lightly browned and swimming in a delightful reduction which included wild mushrooms and caramelized onions and topped with a horseradish cream.  My husband enjoyed his entree, the hangar steak was cooked perfectly based on request of medium doneness.  The steak was accompanied by scrambled eggs and house potatoes.   My order was awesome!  The pot roast hash included, the house potatoes, covered in tender pot roast, with a bit of gravy, lightly sprinkled with peas and topped with a perfectly poached egg....yum!    This was a great meal, (a little bit heavy, but worth it).   I would definitely go back.   Next time, I want to try the chicken and waffles.,
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,10/8/2013,336,288,6,13,8>After writing so many 3-star reviews of places that everyone else simply raves about I've started to wonder if I just don't like anything. That's why I was pretty hesitant to even try Aldo's. Seems like everyone loves this place. Add to that the fact that I never go out for Italian food and you could see why it wasn't that high on my list. So what overcame the activation energy? Bada Bing...I've been bingeing on episodes of Sopranos for the last few weeks so my head's been swimming in manicotti and cannoli. Aside from a primer on the RICO Act that show's a treatise on Italian cuisine - they're always eating. I guess what I'm trying to say is that it was only a matter of time before I had to seek out some food from the boot. This place is a stone's throw from my front door, some Yelpers I respect gave it high marks and it's not an Olive Garden, Brio or Bravo. Let's set the scene. Late afternoon, a small, out-of-the-way strip mall populated by a smokeshop, dentist, massage parlour and salon in the blue collar city of Brooklyn. Aldo's is the lone culinary standout. The signage overhead a script "Aldo's" and the Italian flag, frozen mid-wave. We entered the front door into a short, narrow hall, two-top tables lining the wall, specials board on the wall straight ahead. We were immediately greeted by a smiling, silver-haired gentleman we could only assume was Aldo himself. He gestured to the handwritten specials list and asked with words drenched in the sing-songy accent of his home country if it was our first time. I nodded and he proceeded to lead us to our table toward the back. He took our drink orders and brought waters and fresh-baked bread.Dimly lit, textured walls painted warm gold and decorated with the unsmiling, old-timey faces of family, the space is definitely tight though not uncomfortably so. I wonder if there's a secret back room for sit-downs? I've been watching too much tv. Our server, Katie, was genuinely pleasant with a love for the restaurant that was evident in her delivery. She was patient, knew the menu intimately and really made our experience. We had studied the menu before our visit so we already had a plan. Lascia mangiare.The bread - Who doesn't love warm, crusty bread smeared with butter? It's almost genetically programmed in us, right? This bread is perfect.The calamari - Lightly breaded, sauteed a crispy golden brown and served with warm marinara sauce. A wonderful way to start the meal.The pizza - Sausage and pepperoni on an 8" pie. The sauce was fresh and full of roasted tomato flavor and the crust had a slight sweetness I found pleasant. Fresh basil was a nice touch. A solid offering.The chicken marsala - We went classic with this one. The chicken, pounded thin, was fork-tender and the mushroom wine sauce, while rich, wasn't heavy. I've had this dish a lot and this rendition was spot on. The accompanying vegetables, a mixture of zucchini, broccoli, carrots and peppers was underwhelming and just barely cooked. I prefer my carrots and broccoli on the softer side. The side of angel hair pasta with red sauce wasn't noteworthy, tasty, but not memorable.The side salad - It came with the entree. A fresh mix of greens, red cabbage, julienned carrots and a vinaigrette loaded with a field of garlic. We opted for a topping of shredded mozz. The dressing was delicious and this made for a nice intermezzo before the entree.The spumoni roll - We'd never had spumoni before and it looked great on the dessert tray. The ice cream was smooth, balanced by the textural elements from the dried fruit and nuts and the liquor-soaked cake was potent. A unique dish, for sure, but not one I'd order again.Aldo's is everything everyone else says it is - intimate, unpretentious, charming, a hidden gem. We dine early so there were no crowds. We felt welcomed by everyone and the service was brilliant. Sure, the food is good and, since I've never been to Italy, I couldn't tell you how "authentic" it is, but I didn't have anything during our visit that had me dreaming of another helping. What I did have were thoughts of a repeat visit to try something else and experience more of the hospitality that this place has oozing out of every red, white and green pore.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,10/7/2013,10,65,,6,4>Recently my garage door broke.  I knew exactly which parts needed replacing, so I sent a detailed email to about 8 local door repair companies requesting an estimate.  Of the 8, only Obar responded with an email that had a professional quote attached, with a breakdown of costs, presented on company letterhead with signature.  Very nice.  2 others gave me a price via email, 1 other said he'd call (never did).  And the last 4? Not a peep.Not only was Obar the most thorough in their communication, they also ended up being the first ones available, with the lowest price.  Rarely do you feel like you hit a home run.  But my garage door was fixed within hours, they were honest (no attempt to sell me a whole new garage door opener as one of their competitors did), and the price was great.They have a customer for life.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2013,10/6/2013,167,334,1,6,7>I like Vibe.  I have driven past a number of times and always wondered about this place.  Last night two of my friends invited me (they know the owner). I loved it!  Super cute little bar, and nice patio.  There's a pool table in the front of the bar if you want a game.  This isn't a large space, but I'm assured that even when the place is bumpin' it is a great location to be.The drinks are great & poured very well.  Bartenders were nice as well, which to me, always goes a long way.  This is a bar where all people are welcome.  You don't get snarky looks from the patrons when you walk in the door if you're not their style.  I'd visit Vibe again. This little bar is more upscale than the neighborhood demonstrates.  The neighborhood has it's issues so make sure you leave with someone when you walk to your transportation.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,10/4/2013,128,99,6,10,4>When I was living in Tremont, this was the new pizza joint that was stepping into Edison's territory. I was taken back at first because they approached it differently. The pizza and crust was a little more doughy, they used fresh ingredients, everything was prepared and made in the morning, and they closed so damn early. Everything that was not Edison's !! I felt bad... like I was cheating on someone. But, I found out that Crust makes delicious, hot sandwiches and I forgot all about it. I love Crust ! All their specialty pizzas are good, which is anything with prosciutto on it. Just order prosciutto on the side or add it as an extra topping. It's a total G move.One my favorite menu items has to be the meatball sub. I think it's really good. And, the Italian is good too. You should definitely try one !
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,10/3/2013,120,68,3,2,2>Every time I come here, I salivate at the thought of the Pho I am going wolf done.  I always get the number 12, which has all the type of meat your stomach can probably handle.  The broth here is not too salty and has just the right amount of flavor.  I not only get leftovers, but I use the broth for other noodles that I make myself the next day.  This is a treat you don't want to deprive yourself of.  The only downside of this place is it is a bit harder to find since it is off the beaten path, but hey the best things are the ones we work for right?  Enjoy!
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,10/2/2013,353,269,,4,2>Walked in hesitant, who wouldn't?I read several 5 star reviews & had to see it for myself... granted, we were shopping for wedding rings!My engagement ring is unique (and amazing!) so finding the right wedding band was key. I came here from the advice of fellow Yelpers!  I AM SO GLAD I DID!  We started out "looking" and left "buying"! I think the salesperson is key here.  We had Curtis and I am not sure if the outcome would have been as favorable had we had someone else.  I think I am a difficult customer with high expectations.  Curtis listened and we left there within 35 minutes with TWO wedding bands!  Who does that? We did that!Looking forward to future purchases!
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,10/1/2013,82,187,2,5,3>Amazing Brunch.  I have only had the luxury of dining in for brunch one time, but it was unlike any other brunch scene at noon on a Sunday.  No wait to get a table and no crazy servers running around in chaos.  Service was a bit slow, but we weren't in a hurry and frankly, this isn't a restaurant so I'm not blaming.  The food was amazing, and there were options for everyone.  I chose the turkey sandwich after seeing the man at the table next to me enjoy it as poached egg dripped on his face.  Sold.  Turkey, bacon, poached egg, tomato and avocado.  Served with hash browns and deliciousness on multi grain bread.  The Bloody Mary was garnished with pickled veggies; green beans, cauliflower, and a carrot.  It was a nice twist on the classic.  They also feature ginger infused vodka which gives a kick to their house made Bloody Mary mix.  I will surely be back for more.  Also, their vintage shop downstairs (This Way Out) was very nice and reasonably priced.  Vintage clothes, records, jewelry, patches, and some awesome knick knacks.  A lot of local goods.  Perfect to look around in while waiting for or digesting your delicious breakfast.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,9/30/2013,48,114,3,4,2>Had a great experience here. Our waitress, which was the owners wife I believe, was extremely friendly and accommodating. The restaurant was clean and had a great ambiance. Since middle eastern food is our favorite, my boyfriend and I get excited and order way too much food! Well who really cares, everyone loves leftovers and stuffing their faces right? We loved the grape leaves and lentil soup, both tasty! The chicken kabobs I ordered were flavorful and moist! Their hummus has a bit too much tahini for my liking. This may be random, but the salad dressing they have was delicious whatever it was. Very light and just perfect, I'm really not a huge dressing person so it was kind of a BIG deal ha. We finished our meal with dessert. Our waitress/owners wife recommended her specialty, which she makes fresh daily! I can't recall it's name, but it was delightful! Not too sweet, custard cake sort of, with crunchy grated pistachios on top. It was simple and perfect! Next time I come here I will figure this little gem of a desserts name. Tarboosh will give you that warm and inviting family atmosphere. Enjoy!
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2013,9/29/2013,110,405,4,5,1>I grew up a couple blocks from this place and never ever went in there until just the other day. My parents preferred to get Little Caesar's because they hate themselves and their children. We almost never sampled local pizzerias. Sigh, at least it wasn't Domino's. Anyhow, we got the large garden salad for ten bones(it was the size of a beach ball- good value) and a half sheet za for $15. It was also really big. Enough to feed me, the wife, the dog, my ma, and her two dogs. And have leftovers. Loved the pie. Chewy cheese, mild sauce and crunchy crust. The interior decor consists of a lot of pictures of little league teams they sponsored. I fondly remember seeing kids all over the neighborhood wearing their shirts when I was young. Ah, good ol' Willowick. Nostalgia be thy name.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,9/27/2013,40,84,2,3,2>ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS. We celebrated my grandfather's 80th birthday with dinner here and then went over to Playhouse Square to see War Horse. Let me tell you, this dinner put the evening off to a perfect start.  Quick review of my meal:Butternut squash ravioli appetizer-- Holy cannoli, Batman! I got this after reading reviews of C&H and THANK YOU KIND REVIEWERS FOR YOUR RECOMMENDATIONS. It was giant and delicious and I'm only sad there wasn't more of it. I could have eaten that as a meal in and of itself. The best part? The tiny bits of jalapeno. Mmm-mm! Savory with a bit of a kick!Golden Trout entree--pretty good, but not stupendous. It was well done and the flavors were nice, but I think I liked my mom's whitefish more. Meringues for dessert--I'm usually a chocaholic, so I was having a hard time deciding between this and the Moca Pot de Creme, but I went with the waiter's recommendation and I am so glad I did. Best dessert I've had in a long time. The caramel was delicious, the ice cream was sweet and creamy, and the sea salt added just a tiny kick. Without the salt, the meringues and ice cream would have been too sweet, but with the salt.... WOWZA. My mother paid me back for stealing so much of her whitefish by stealing most of my dessert :(Recommended entree: the crispy pork shank. The cracklings were sinfully good and the kale was amazing but what really made this dish were the dumplings. They were absolutely stupendous and quite honestly deserve their own dish.The service itself was fantastic. My missed that her appetizer beet salad included onions, which she can't stand, and the waiter was kind enough to substitute her appetizer. My grandmother is also really picky about her salmon--to the point where she probably really should stop ordering it in restaurants--and the waiter was a saint about getting her exact specifications regarding how it should be cooked. Zack Bruell came out to ask how we were enjoying the meal and asked my grandfather how he was enjoying his birthday. It's probably pretty standard, but I appreciate that touch and I appreciated the waiter passing the message on.The only downside is that the meal really did take about 2 hours and we were barely able to make it to the pre-show talk. So while I may not come again before a Broadway show (because 4:00pm is a bit early for me to eat dinner), I will definitely be back! I heard they have a post-show event with appetizer and drink specials--if the butternut squash ravioli is on that menu, I'll be back every night.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,9/26/2013,100,260,4,8,3>Ticket To Tokyo is not fine dining by any means, but it is always a more than fine experience!The menu is small, and I always order the same thing, but it is consistently delicious. It reminds me of plate lunches in Hawaii - steamed rice with a nice tempura sauce and crunchy sesame seeds, a honeymoon salad (with unbelievably delicious dressing that is sort of like the orange miso dressing at sushi places, only creamier), and chicken katsu on a stick. This, by the way, is under $5. Also, they have a solid selection of unique diet soda choices that are hard to find at restaurants, like Diet Sunkist!The food is delicious - but honestly, I don't go for just the food - the people here are probably my favorite restaurant owners in the world, and I always leave there feeling so much happier... I find that it's hard to shake my smile for the whole day after visiting Ticket to Tokyo.The married couple who own and operate the place should seriously be elected joint mayors of the city! They are fantastic! I have had tears rolling down my face from laughing so hard at the owner's jokes, and I love that his wife just good-naturedly rolls her eyes at his corniest jokes and then laughs anyway. It's very sweet, and they are just the best!I happen to LOVE the old Seinfeld tapes that are always on. It's one thing to watch Seinfeld on TBS, it's something else to watch it on VHS with the original 1990s commercial breaks. To borrow the name of one of their most popular meals, it's "a little something" extra special.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,9/25/2013,10,56,4,11,4>Sorry I am late to the game on reviewing this -- I went to Cork and Cleaver about a month ago for my husband's birthday. I had read the reviews on Yelp and heard from friends that it was a great place! I decided to surprise him with a nice dinner on me.We dined around 8 pm on a Friday night. I had made a reservation earlier on the week and our table was ready as soon as we walked in (we were a little late due to a thunderstorm while driving!). The host that seated us was actually the owner of the restaurant! Nice! The place was crowded, didn't have too many tables but seemed to be doing great business that night. One side of the restaurant is all dining tables and the other side consists of tables and a bar.Our server was fantastic! I forget his name now, but so funny and caring towards his customers. He even gave us free Pez dispensers at the end of the night, how fun. He always had our water glasses full and frequently checked on us. My napkin got wet from something on the tabletop and he noticed and came over with a fresh napkin before I even had to say anything. We ordered drinks, then appetizers, and after eating that, then we ordered dessert. Dinner is not a rushed event here! It took us 2 hours to eat, which was fine with us. I will review the highlights of our meal (which is everything because it was all amazing!)Drinks: Beer and sangria that had been specially made that week (not on the menu). Delicious.Appetizer: Chicken and waffles, a must have! Sweet and savory at the same time.Entrees: He had the steak and I had the walleye. Both were cooked well and had lots of flavor. I wouldn't order the walleye again, not that it wasn't tasty, but because I'd rather try other things on the menu. I had been debating about the mac and cheese entree and would like to try that next time. Entrees were the perfect size, not too big and not too small.Dessert: Amazing! Best part of the meal. Did I mention they gave my husband a free dessert because it was his birthday? How sweet of them. I ordered the pear pot pie (yummy, warm pears and pastry with ice cream - if I remember correctly - and carmel corn on top). He ordered the root beer float, which is actually a dessert and not a drink! It looked AND tasted incredible, an oval shape of foamy, brown mousse. It was definitely different and unique, and yummy!The owner came to check on us while we were eating our meal, which was great. No complaints about Cork and Cleaver, great place for a date night or special occasion! Can't wait to go back!
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,9/24/2013,36,127,3,6,2>Fantastic dive bar with a wide range of themes and decorations.  I went here for lunch on a Sunday with 2 other friends.  They have the typical sports bar and pizza place attached set up that seems to be popular from Strongsville to Brunswick.  We each ordered calzones and cheesy bites.  The calzones were cut into really small pieces - I think next time I will ask them to cut it into 4 instead of the 8 small slices.  I know, complaining about the slices, but the toppings fall out when there isn't enough bread :)  The cheesy bites weren't really special.  They were just cheesy bread sticks that they cut into smaller pieces.  It was easier to share between the 3 of us.  The owner took the time to say hello to us and buy us a cocktail.  I laughed so hard when I got the drink chip that said "Manzo's Brunstucky" on it. Great place, average food, good place to grab a few beers with friends on a casual night out!!
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,9/23/2013,45,149,4,6,3>Oh my gosh. I stumbled in here one day in a desperate stupor to find a gift for my mom. It was clearly fate, written in the stars, that I found this shop that I've walked past so many times before.First, I have to speak to the product offering. It is so cool....candles, soaps, novelties, gifts, apparel, scarves, jewelry, cards, glassware, artwork, and oodles more. I disagree with Amy. I am a 20-something, I could have stayed in here all day, not only shopping for myself, but shopping for anyone and everyone! Ultimately, I left with a birthday gift for my mom, a Christmas gift for my sister (yep...I bought a Christmas gift in August), and a vase for moi. I wanted to get so much more but my wallet was bleeding out. The prices aren't cheap, but I haven't seen some of this stuff anywhere else. Next, I have to talk about the staff, which for me makes or breaks my opinion of a business. They were so, so lovely, especially the owner. I felt like I was visiting some sleepy town where everyone knows your name and treats you like family. She treated me like a friend and painstakingly gift wrapped some of my gifts and bubble-packed others for the plane ride they would have to endure that day. It was a slow process, but I appreciated their kindness and I'll be back with bells on.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,9/22/2013,7,32,5,5,2>I finally made it out to Noodlecat (please don't tell Superior Pho!) and I'm a fan.  Whereas, places like Superior Pho are like the dark-haired beautiful girl straight off the boat from Vietnam, Noddlecat is the Hapa girl, with her hair dyed red, blue, and white, and maybe a nose ring.  She's hip, she's cool, and she got flava! :0    We stroll in there, pushing our sleek red stroller and we are greeted by loud rock n' roll.  "Table for two, and a baby," I say.  "This way, please."  That's the reply I get and no raised eyebrows, no batted eyelids, and would you know it, there's already a seated family with their own baby holding court at the end of the table.  Yes, parents are hip too.  Giving birth doesn't mean I have to hide away for the next 10 years!  What about the food?!, I hear you screaming.  Well, pipe down and let me tell ya.  The food was delish! I got the duck confit noodle soup, full bowl, thank you. And some gyoza as appetizer.  My husband got the baby octopus noodles, and some fried chicken buns.  My duck soup was delicious!  The duck meat fell off the bone in velvety bites, and the soup was dark and thick, like any good soup should be.  My husband's octopus noodles were nicely spicy, with some bright crunchy vegetables thrown in for good measure.  He regretted having only ordered the halfl bowl.  And what about the baby you ask?  Well, she sat in her high chair, sucked down her bottle and bobbed her head back and forth, rocking out to the good ole American music being piped into the room. The verdict: we liked it, and so did the baby.With flavorful food, Tom Petty, The Beatles, and the Rolling Stones on rotation, what's not to love?P.S.:  The one star off was for the prices! $11 for a bowl of noddles. But we understand that they are paying downtown rent and we will most likely be back!
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,9/21/2013,146,412,,6,4>Lopez rounds out to be about an average of 4 stars. Keep reading for the full review!Here are the best parts of Lopez:5: THE PATIO. To kick off what my friends and I call "patiopalooza" (where we go enjoy different patios all across Cleveland), we went to Lopez, even when it was fairly chilly outside (around 55 degrees.) What's so great about Lopez's patio is that they not only have heat lamps, but they have felt ponchos on each seat so that you can wear to stay warm! With their market lights, Lopez was a very festive first patiopalooza experience.5: The service. Our waitress was really fun and engaging, and we later found out that she worked there because she loved it - the people, the atmosphere, etc. This definitely helps make a difference in our experience!The not so great parts:3.5: The food. Overall, it was pretty good, though some things could have been done with better finesse. You get complimentary chips and salsa, which is pretty standard. It wasn't too salty and it was pretty flavorful. I ordered a special for the evening, which was a "giant spider roll" -- a huge burrito with fried soft shell crab inside. MMM. Good concept and good flavors, but the liquid inside the burrito made the arugula and burrito wrap really soggy. It was a huge serving though - enough for two meals.3: The price. Even with the huge servings, it was very expensive. $7 for a taco is overpriced, and even with my softshell crab burrito, I think it could have been less expensive. I'll probably be back for the ambiance, but not necessarily for the food.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,9/20/2013,45,266,,7,4>Oh my this place is amazing! I should have taken more pictures but it was so good I forgot. Anyhow everything we had there is already a picture of on here. But I did manage a picture of the sauces they give you with the arepa. The hubs got a chorizo arepa that looked so good I was jealous. I got a cheese pupusa which was way better than I thought it would be based on the pictures and description. Now I see what everyone is raving about. And the ceviche which was so fresh and served with their perfect pico. And an empanada which also came with pico. Ends up all three of these things together are about the same price as the arepa and I wanted to try more than just one thing so it worked out. They were all some of the best I have ever tasted. The service was excellent too.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,9/19/2013,130,58,,5,2>I really like Nighttown.  I feel like it's one of those Cleveland gems, you gotta try.  I've been there quite a few times for different meals. Not gonna lie, when I first went there I felt a bit out of place (they have many...more mature regulars). The decor and ambience is kind of old fashioned, upscale.  The new patio areas they built in the back are really nice, I recommend you get a table out there if it's nice out! They have a nice brunch and regular menu. Although, I'll be honest the prices are a little higher than average (it's not somewhere I go to eat at too frequently).  The New England Clam chowder, Dublin Lawyer (maybe my favorite), Corned Beef Hash, Eggs Benedict are all really yummy. They have a nice fully stocked bar with some really good beer choices (Try the Kentucky Bourbon Ale!). The service can be a bit slow, especially if they're busy--but it doesn't take away from how great it is there (When you're there you can tell they have a lot of loyal customers). I haven't been for a Jazz concert yet, but I'm definitely going to one someday!(TIP: If you eat at the bar you can get a burger for $5 anytime/any day! It's a really sweet deal!)
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,9/18/2013,47,52,1,9,4>Yay it no longer smells like hippies!Streat just opened their flagship restaurant in the old 56 West and it is delicious! My husband and I walked over there for an impromptu Saturday dinner. We've eaten their truck's fare a couple of times and had a generally positive experience so we were excited to see them opening up within walking distance of our house. We had had the displeasure of dining at 56 West once and left with a less than positive review and me with an allergy migraine. The patchouli was overwhelming which makes me question what the smell was hiding. But I digress. The first thing our server asks us is are we beer drinkers. . . already I know we are going to love this place. She hands us their rather impressive beer list but we decided on a couple of Kentucky Bourbon Barrel Stouts on draft (that stuff is too good to pass up on draft). Even better all drafts are 5 dollars. The Kentucky stout is usually more expensive if you were unaware. We decided after seeing the portions leaving the kitchen that it would be prudent to just split a burger and an order of fries. We decided on the Michael Slyman and the Texas fries. We got a regular bun and burger. The service was quick. And it was delicious. The corned beef hash patty with the gruyere and candied bacon was just an explosion of flavor. And the mustard was just the icing on the cake and it was good icing. So good we ordered extra to dip our fries in. The texas fries were great. The bourbon barbecue was sweet and smoky and brought some great flavor. The pork was high quality homemade pulled pork greatness. The beer cheese sauce was wonderful but was definitely second chair to the pork. Between an inviting atmosphere, friendly staff, speedy service and great food we will be back. Again and again.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2013,9/17/2013,92,94,2,2,3>I don't know how anyone could not love Barrio. The DIY taco menu gives you the control to create delicious tacos. I've been here 3 times in the past three weeks because I cannot get enough!!! The atmosphere is casual and I have yet to be there when it wasn't somewhat busy. It seems like a local/after work crowd especially late night (after midnight). I would bump it up to five stars but the service is a little sub-par and slow. Also, sometimes the margaritas taste too much like the mix. They do have great happy hours! Okay, back to the DELICIOUS tacos:  I have tried the chicken, chorizo, pulled pork, and beef. I have put together some not-so-great combinations but overall they ingredients are so good that whatever you put together tastes good. I recommend getting a specialty shell, they are a dollar more, but tacos are only $3 each which makes the extra dollar well worth it. The Green Goddess is marvelous as well as the Stoner(?) shell (the one with chorizo). My best combination thus far is the Stoner shell, with pulled pork, red cabbage, jicama slaw, and the ghost pepper sauce. It was so good I wanted to eat three more! They do have a menu of recommended combinations. Some of them are pretty basic and some don't really sound good. None look good enough for me to try.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,9/16/2013,63,67,3,7,2>I was definitely shocked when I first heard there was a pupuseria in CLE. In the years that I've lived here, I was always disappointed with the Latin food I've tried out in CLE restaurants. Coming from L.A., we have so many options to choose from, and usually the best foods are in trucks/carts or hole in the wall places. This is exactly what Pupuseria La Bendicion is- a hole in the wall with amazing, AUTHENTIC food! I got everything to go since it was pretty crowded. You know the food is good based on the clientele eating there. If latin people are also waiting in line for latin food, you knowww it must be good! The prices are fairly cheap, so you can splurge and order a lot. I filled out a form which listed all the items they had and how many I wanted. I ordered two types of pupusas (you definitely should get a pupusa...it only makes sense!), as well as some tacos, and the chicken meal. They ran out of tamales that day....yes, I was totally bummed out because of that. There's always next time though! :) I will be back for mas pupusas...yummy!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,9/15/2013,26,62,2,2,2>There are several things I appreciate and like about Soupermarket.. Number one being their friendliness towards gluten allergies and vegetarians! You don't truly realize how challenging it is to have limited food options until you live it! So I am always thankful that I can count on Soupermarket to have a soup or 2 , sometimes 3 that are GF and V. I do agree with several of the reviews that are confused about what the fuss is about. I have definitely had some soups that aren't impressive. (Personally not a fan of the tomato ginger.. It's very thin) I think it's more about having soup options that aren't from a can. You'll know it's healthier from here. The bread is delicious, but it is frustrating that there isn't an alternative if you are GF. There are some tasty homemade salad dressings, but i have had some salads where they make some interesting substitutions for ingredients without letting you know (usually related to cheese.)I have never been blown away by the service, but I have never been offended by it either!This probably seems like its a 2 or 3 star review but the fact that they acknowledge and accommodate those unable to eat gluten is a big deal!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,9/14/2013,342,426,3,14,6>Mason's Creamery is REALLY good. Like....REALLY REALLY GOOD.I know my ice cream. Having eaten it since I was small, through many cities growing up...believe me, I heart my ice cream. I'm not really a fan of Mitchell's and other of the like, as they are way too sweet. I do love Jeni's, but man, driving to Chagrin Falls takes forever.And having eaten my fair share of varying ice cream, from NYC to LA, I know good ice cream is rather hard to find at times.I got an introduction to an amazing ice cream business that just opened up though! Enter- Mason's Creamery.It was hot at this year's Asian Festival, so I left my booth and  wandered over to their stand. WHAT? I exclaimed as I looked at their menu. Asian inspired flavors? YESSSSSS! Finally, an Asian flavored ice cream place in CLE! Oh, I've been waiting for this day so long!After contemplating over random flavors (like vanilla with pork floss- aka pork sung!) I chose the pandan and vietnamese coffee flavors. OMG, it was amazing. Not too sweet, just right. And OH SO SOFT. HOLY COW, this is GREAT ICE CREAM!! I exclaimed. Where are you located?? I inquired (hoping that it was close by so I could stop by there every day). "We just moved here and are looking for a place soon" they replied. Oh darn- but hey, I got a smartphone, I can follow them!The couple who owns this business is super nice- they just moved to Cleveland from California, as the guy is actually from the area. They're super nice, down to earth people, which, makes eating ice cream quite enjoyable around them as well.But man, their ice cream is GOOD. Like....REALLY REALLY GOOD. They don't have a set store yet, but they do go to local farmers markets as well as traveling with the food trucks- just follow their facebook page to see where they are! facebook.com/masonscream…I highly recommend Mason's Creamery. Asian inspired ice cream? OH YES! As well as using local ingredients? DOUBLE YES!Me scream for Mason's ice cream! :)
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,9/13/2013,118,61,11,6,7>If gyros were human, Steve's gyros would be the ultimate bad boys.  I'm talking 300lb bikers sporting gleaming Harleys and leather jackets, face tattoos and beautiful beards.  Nobody with half a brain would mess with them.  They'd emanate garlic fumes.  Everything they touched would turn to garlic.  You'd turn to garlic if you stood in their path, and you'd like it.In short, for the mind-bogglingly simple combination of meat, veggies, and sauce nestled in a warm toasted pita, these babies are FIERCE.  Fiercely fresh, magnificently massive and definitely not for the faint of heart (or breath).The meat, carved off the turning spit right before your eyes is succulent, salty and packed with garlicky marinade magic.  (A jumbo gyro will give you practically a pound of meat--enough to feed at least 3 people with healthy appetites.)  The lettuce, tomatoes, and onions aren't anything fancy--plain, crisp and fresh, the perfect compliment.  Even the tzatziki sauce is rather mild, melding nicely with the other flavors. Wrapping it all up, the fresh pita bread is pan-toasted with a pat of butter, adding one final, roasted, almost nutty dimension to the whole kit and kaboodle.  When I make my pilgrimage to Steve's, it's a well-practiced affair and one of my favorite Saturday rituals.  The order: two jumbo gyros, an extra pack of pita bread and an extra container of sauce.  20-40 minutes in line canoodling on my phone, admiring the efficiency of the two talented ladies who run Steve's and the brawny, waders-modeling fishmongers at neighboring Kate's Fish.  Then, sweet success: shuttling home a steaming, pungent 3lb bag of gyros and pitas to feed the man and me and stink up the kitchen for the next 3 days.Steve's might not be the best gyros on this planet but they come pretty damn close.  Yes, there's excruciatingly long lines during Saturday peak hours, but that's a small price to get to Gyro Heaven, USA.  Viva la Cleveland!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,9/12/2013,75,131,,5,4>So, believe it or not, after being a Clevelander for many years, until today, I'd NOT been to Sokolowski's...Thank God and Luck that I did, cause now I'm a fan:)My wife and I won some free gift certificates to Sokolowski's University Inn from a raffle (Thank you Lottery League:), and we stopped by for lunch. Sokolowski's is not so much located as stashed on University Road in Tremont. The amusing thing was that, on our trip, the directions were off but AMPLE road signage helped us wend our way to this little gem of a place. Firstly, and obviously, the food; plentiful, not too expensive, traditional hand-made polish/american cuisine. Awesome pierogies, pulled pork sandwiches, kraut, Kielbasa, desserts aplenty, with old fashioned sides like corn, beans, etc. It's all served cafeteria style. You get a tray and start (happily) with desserts, and then move your way to where you can be served a variety of great food. They also have a large, well stocked bar for libations, and their food line serves many fountain and bottled drinks. The atmosphere; the place is FULL of history. Autographed pics of celebrities, both local and national, sports heroes and various pieces of memorabilia cover the walls. You will not lack for anything interesting to look at. They even have a room reminiscent of an old Catskills resort complete with a very fine gent playing piano!  Also, have to say, the people were really nice. We were taken care of quickly and pleasantly, even though they were BUSY. One odd point is their hours; they're only open Monday thru Friday, 11-3 pm, and their dinner hours are Friday, 5 to 9 pm, Saturday, 4 to 9pm. Their parking is decent, but I've heard it fills up quick, (I can see why:)So, if you need a break from chains, but don't want to break your wallet and you're REALLY hungry for both food and pleasant atmosphere, Sokolowski's is a hidden treasure worth searching for...
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,9/11/2013,88,79,3,7,5>The William G Mather is AWESOME. I've been wanting to see inside the ship since I first noticed it moored downtown about 21 years ago. Came here with my mom, as we were looking something to do to fill a couple hours.You get your tickets at the GL Science Center, then walk out to the ship. Tix are $8, pretty reasonable for a very solid hour or two of entertainment. Entering, they have a movie playing about the shipping world of the Great Lakes in the early and mid 1900's, including some interviews of crew members of the Mather. It's on a loop, we watched the whole thing. You can peek inside a good deal of the ship, including engine room, crew quarters, galley, captain's quarters and guest staterooms and lounges. You can walk through most of it, including the bridge which has creepy directions on what to do in a hijack situation. You can walk completely across the outside deck. It was a bit midge-y, but it's no big deal as long as you aren't a total panz or Joba Chamberlan. Hey...those crewman loaded and unloaded that boat in sub-zero temps sometimes. We with our central heating and air can handle a brief buggy situation.They are planning on additional restoration of the interior, to original look and specs...some of the passenger areas had been remodeled in the 1960's with 60-ish stylings, which isn't quite as timeless as the 1924 style and specs.Another great museum in Cleveland.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,9/10/2013,153,207,5,11,5>Woah.Black truffles, escargot, caviar, live crawfish, dry aged meat and a cranberry preserve made by Trappist Monks of the St. Joseph's Abbey sit next to 5 pound bags of generic Fruit Loops and 2 pound jars of Fluff. This is a grocery store unlike any other. It really does have it all. Once you enter the doors to this place, expect to be sucked into perusing for at least an hour, maybe more. Coming here is an event. The mundane duty of grocery shopping suddenly turns into an exercise of sensory stimulation.Straight through the entrance is the produce section, off to the left is a beverage bar offering coffees, juices and smoothies. Each grocery cart is equipped with a cup holder, so take your frothy drink with you on your venture. Next is a cafe/bar area where you can order food to eat-in or take-with. Pizza's & burgers are made to order. A bar exists here that features a dozen drafts where growlers are filled. You can pay for all of this here, without standing in the regular checkout lines.Next up is the sushi bar, olive bar, deli, emporium of cheese and charcuterie counter. Again, the choices here are plentiful. Best in the area as a matter of fact. Imported cheese from all around the world with various levels of stinkiness and a charcuterie counter that offers dry cured meats like "gabagool" (capicolla), mortadella, sopressata, speck, pancetta and prosciutto. There is no longer a need to stuff your suitcases with delicacies bought in Italy or France. Market District has it all. I was floored with the selection.The bakery is next on our tour. Breads, baked goods and candy galore. We didn't spend too much time in this area because something else caught our eye. A live food demonstration was going on nearby. I thought I was at the IX Center's Fabulous Food Show. This isn't just a grocery store. There was even live entertainment! Then around the corner, the fish department featuring live crawfish (sold out upon our visit), escargot, branzino and other exotic fish I never knew existed. The selection here really was awesome. Next were cases of fresh cut meat. A display of various cuts including dry aged beef caught my eye. The displays were clear, well lit and designed to tempt. Don't come here hungry. The butcher and fish monger behind the counter were more than willing to help and chat about what they offer and how best to prepare said protein. After going around the perimeter, this is usually where I hit the dairy (plenty of local products offered including Snowville) and then check-out, but the middle aisles were unusually attractive. We went down each and every aisle. Exotic brands not carried by any other grocer in the area were present. Ever stumble across an unknown ingredient in a recipe? Yeah, they have it here. The ethnic specific aisles were vast and well represented as well. It really was an experience to travel down each aisle just to be amazed at the offerings. Some jars and canned goods completely unrecognizable because of the native language still on the labels. Real authentic shizz.In addition to food, be sure to visit the beer section. Hop Snobs would be floored with the selection. Single bottles are sold here in addition to sixers. Did I mention they also have a full liquor department? Like I said, this store has it all. Including a children's play area (titled "Eagle's Nest") to drop your kid off while you shop. There's also a pharmacy, health/beauty department, bank and dry cleaner here. Checking out was a breeze. I counted 24 checkout lines, so they were certainly able to handle the crowd during this opening weekend. Hopefully after the grand opening excitement wears down, it'll remain as pleasant of an experience as it was on Sunday. Despite the crowd, it was well staffed and things ran smoothly. If it's still like this 6 months from now, I'll be sure to bump my rating up to a full-fledged 5 stars.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,9/9/2013,24,144,2,5,2>Shaker Cinemas is a really cool, old school place to catch a movie for a reasonable price.Ever since trying this place out, it is the only place we've gone for a big budget Hollywood type movie.  I like that they have $6.50 matinee prices... some places don't even seem to do matinee prices anymore, and when they do it still seems to be $10.  Not only that, but this place is never really that crowded... good seats for all and nobody left staring up at the ceiling for 2 hours!The concession stand serves beer, which is always nice... though probably pricey.  Other than that it's pretty standard fare and pricing.  The seats are comfortable and the sound and picture quality is good for something that looks very old on the outside.  There is also free parking behind the theater and Dave's which is usually pretty empty.Will certainly be back for more affordable movie goodness.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,9/8/2013,74,71,3,7,3>This is slowly turning in to one of my favorite happy hour spots in Ohio City.  A group of us checked this place out when it was new and fresh.  My first impressions were: the old Garage Bar space looks grown up and hip now and WOW - that's a lot of beer.  The unfortunate part was that we got there when things were really heating up so the place was PACKED.  Didn't really skew my first impression as a bad one - just had some reservations because the service couldn't really keep up with the demand.  Well, boy - things have changed since that early day and I can't seem to stay away from this place!  Grab a couple friends, plop down at one of the tables on the side (the back patio is great, too), and dig in to the extensive beer/drink menu.  There's a beer for everyone - stouts, IPAs, Belgian Wheats - you name it, they have it (if you're reading this and Nano still has it, do yourself a favor and try the Fat Heads Bumbleberry.  You're welcome).  Food is great too - it's bar food with a serious kick.  It's part of the Market Garden/Bier Market/Bar Cento group, so expect the goods.  Stoner fries are amazing (I'll let you process that for a second), Mac & Cheese bites are pure amaze-balls, and the bf tried the PBJ Burger (yes, it's exactly what you would expect and more - peanut butter, BACON (the surprise factor), and jam all piled high on that juicy burger) and he said it was delicious.So when Market Garden is a little too packed or you're looking for a more low key, super chill vibe, venture down 25th a little and you'll run yourself smack-dab into Nano.  You get it all - beer, food, and patio all wrapped up in one amazing place.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,9/7/2013,31,64,,3,2>Had lunch with my sister here today! We both had Lemon Pepper Chicken which was the Thursday special and VERY tasty. If I hadn't read it was in an old building (looks like a former school) we probably wouldn't have found it. It was quite hot inside which is my only complaint, the line was fast despite being out the door (it is cafeteria style) and everything looked good (pizza, wraps, salads, etc) I want to go back and try a salad! I didn't see a parking lot, but we found a spot on the street next door. Very busy for a Thursday afternoon, lots of workers in the area seemingly, looks like it could be difficult to grab a table at times! Fun, unique place to try with home cooked food!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,9/6/2013,78,264,,7,3>Really good Jamaican home cooking here. Location is quite obscure. You are likely not ever going to be 'just driving by' this place. But if you are anywhere near University Circle/Cleveland Heights, I highly recommend you take a 20 minute detour to find this little treat. We got jerk chicken, cabbage and red beans and rice - classic and very well done. Chicken was falling off the bones as it always should be in this food genre. Very well spiced - yummy. Sides were equally good. There are good options for Jamaican beverages as well for you to try. Expect to get takeout. There really is not seating to speak of and what there is consists of white plastic deck furniture which was pretty dirty and sketchy looking. But don't worry, you'll get a giant take-out container of yummy goodness to take with you. Head over to MLK and sit at one of the gardens or to Case campus to lunch with a friend as I did. Only downsides are the somewhat sketchiness - no eat in option and also they didn't have plantains the day I went - bummer because that's one of my favorite things to get when eating Jamaican. Overall definitely worth the detour into Bratenahl. Will definitely stop here again sometime.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,9/5/2013,17,37,,2,3>Danny's is dive deli/diner at its greatest. The food is good, it's cheap and it's quick. I've only had the breakfast and the corned beef so far but both were great. The decor here has a bunch of random pieces of Cleveland and Danny's history which was cool to look at. Both times I have been here the crowd consited of Police and other city/public employees that most likely were supposed to be doing something a little more productive then smashing food but I don't blame them, its good stuff.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,9/4/2013,20,147,3,4,3>Being of the (ahem) generation that had an old-school plastic Zoo Key, tapped on the plastic Egg incubator in the Children's Farm and threw marshmallows to the Polar Bears, all I can say is that the Zoo has changed.  For the better.   Lush plantings, creative, participatory exhibits and nice attention to detail everywhere.   The new Elephant Crossing is interesting and a drastic, drastic improvement over the old Pachyderm building.   I, personally, like that the Zoo is spread out as it provides a nice walking environment and gives you time to reflect on the many joys of life ...including that I don't have a screaming child amped up on sugar and rollng on the ground in a major melt-down.Was so impressed, I bought a membership to help support the place.   You should, too.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,9/3/2013,30,393,,5,2>Love the new and Fantasy Candies! Not just because I can bicycle there on Saturday nights to get my wine and chocolate fix.Fantasy Candies recently moved less than a mile away from their former location and it's really a great space. You name it - and they have it. Candies made in house, old skool favorites, and now - a good selection of wine. (there's also a neat little hut with information about the chocolate making process - random but cool)There's a nice little bar area where you can sample wine and chocolates every Saturday for $10-$12. (or you can rent out the space and have a private tasting) I've gone to the tasting twice so far and I've enjoyed everything I've tried. Typically there are 4 wines paired with 4 chocolates by Joel the owner. He's a great guy to chat up about chocolate. And wine. Plus, he offered to help me track down one of my favorite wines that I've been having trouble finding elsewhere. (and they have a case discount) Definitely worth checking out for just the candy or for the weekly tastings. It's a fun little date night thing to do!
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,9/1/2013,140,180,4,5,6>Oberlin is a great little town-- crunchy (as in granola), artsy, historic and... tasty.  We were just sort of wandering around as we are wont to do on a nice weekend.  All the school kids are gone, so we pretty much had the town to ourselves.  After hitting a few galleries and antique stores, we popped in.The hostess asked us if we had a reservation-- we didn't.  The place looked a bit empty, so we thought that was odd.  However, it filled up really quickly.  The server and hostess seemed to know most of their well heeled, older customers.  Still, we did not feel out of place.  The atmosphere is rather casual.  Diners wore jeans, shorts, sundresses.The food was exactly as it should be-- fresh, simple, creative.  I had trout and Monterey jack potato pancakes.  The trout was delicate and subtle.  The potato pancake (more like thick, crispy wedges) were kind of ugly inside, but really out-of-this-world good, with a thick browned crust and soft, cheesy-potato inside.  Michael had the carbonara-- rather creamy for carbonara, but tasty.The cocktails were pretty fantastic.  I saw that they had "The Last Word", a favorite of mine from the Velvet Tango Room.  The bartender explained that they were similar, but her mix was slightly more "gin forward".  Points for her-- she had been to the VTR, tasted the drinks and created her own version to her tastes.  It was, in fact a bit more gin forward-- the gin stood out more as the initial flavor.   Very, very tasty.Some slight gripes-- the service was a bit forgetful and oriented towards regulars.  Still it was not bad-- the servers were very nice and polite.  The real bummer-- the bathrooms smell like a swamp.  Yow-- go at home, but come here to eat.I would definitely make a trip out to Oberlin for another meal here!
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,8/31/2013,57,100,,3,2>Frickiaccios has a tender place in my heart; as a child I would go to the West Side market with my dad and he would often treat me to a pizza bagel from their stand. A pizza bagel is exactly how it sounds - pizza dough shaped like a bagel, smothered with sauce and cheese. Essentially a one-serving pizza pastry. I can probably trace the origin of my love of pizza to the pizza bagel. Now Frickiaccios has expanded with a storefront in Fairview. Of course they still have pizza bagels!! The focus is on regular pizzas, though. It's essentially a pizza place with deli sandwiches and salads. They have prepared foods also: Italian-inspired soups, pizza dough, bake-at-home lasagna, pastas, pasta sauce. I frequently stop in for a quick lunch or to grab something to take home to the fam for dinner.No seating - it's all carry out and made to order. The also cater.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,8/30/2013,11,15,2,6,4>If you're looking for upgraded diner fare, then look no further.  As a Heights resident, I've been waiting for these box cars to finally have a thriving restaurant and I think the Katz Club Diner is just that.  Family came in around 1pm, no waiting and sat at the counter.  Waitress was a little timid, but attentive and polite.  Ordered and cappuccino that was perfectly made, thick and creamy, my family had milkshakes that they said were delicious.  I had the 3 egg omelette breakfast, eggs were buttery, toast was fresh and delicious, the strawberry jam made in-house was spectacular!!!  Hubby had the Reuben with fries which he said was delicious and filling.  Son had the cold meatloaf sandwich which was also delicious and portioned generously.   Only (sort of) complaint would be the long wait time for food and drinks.  Once they arrived though, it was well worth the wait.  This place is a winner!  Go there, NOW!    Eat local and enjoy!!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,8/29/2013,107,133,2,6,3>Okay, so I can't handle spicy food.  I didn't come here for the longest time because of the Szechuan and the hot peppers in their name.  Then came the amazing reviews on yelp and the personal recommendations from all of my Asian friends.  And I still didn't dare. Then, on the evening of July 4th, pre-fireworks, I was half full of barbeque but my parents had just driven into town and were hungry.  What to do, what to do.  Of course, Chinese restaurants are open on July 4th.   So we came here at around 8 pm on July 4th, and the entire place was packed with what seemed like every Chinese person in town.I shied completely away from spice and ordered hong shao tofu (red braised tofu), lobster with ginger+scallion, and a pork strip dish.  Came back two weeks later with friends and had the cong you bing (scallion pancakes), san bei ji (3 cups chicken), xiang gan rou si (stir-fried pork + tofu), and ba zhen dou fu (8 treasure tofu - a mix of tofu and a bunch of seafood, veggies, mushrooms, etc). Of all things I've tried ,the pork strip dish I had with my parents was only thing that wasn't up to par (parents thought it was too sweet).  Everything else was great.  This is probably the only place in Cleveland that has gotten xiang gan rou si correct.  And the chicken was a bit spicy but it still tasted good!We'll definitely be back here to try the karaoke.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,8/28/2013,20,501,2,5,2>Since my first visit here, over a year ago, I have returned twice.  This is not a place I can afford to go to every day, but I really can't wait to go back. It has become my favorite dining experience in Cleveland.  Why?I really like the use of local, seasonal meat and produce.  I really like the changing menu, with a few items that change, while most vary.  I like the variety of menu items and styles.  I like the vegan and vegetarian options.  I like the generous pours from the bar.  I like the friendly, attentive service.  I like that this is a high end dining experience that you can go to dressed casual and act casual.  It is not ostentatious.  It is fun.I suggest you get the four course deal for $44, saving one course for dessert.  The devils on horseback are great, but the seasonal salads do no disappoint, either.  If you are adventurous, try the fifth quarter, which is their daily appetizer special.  Usually creative and amazing.  They have the unusual pig's head (yes, half of an intact pig's head) and Fred Flintsone short rib.  Both of these are pricey, but meant to be shared.  Their oxtail risotto is amazing - tastes better than it looks or sound.  Their daily specials are great.  I am not a person who likes their fish cooked with the skin on, but they have converted me.  If you are not adventurous, you can order a burger and fries.  Be prepared for a generous portion of meat on a flavorful bun done to your specification.  If you have a large group, order the bread board.  It is worth it for the variety of breads and spreads you will receive.Then there is dessert.  The buttered popcorn pot de creme is as addicting as any illegal drug.  You can't stop eating it.  Other items are just as great.  Their pressed coffee and fresh tea help to complete your dining experience.So if you are looking for a steakhouse, don't come here.  If you are looking just for a burger and fries, you probably will be left wondering what the hype is all about.  If you are looking for mainstream comfort food, this is not the place to go.  If you are looking for a unique dining experience, with great service and well prepared food in a casual environment, this is your place.I cannot rave enough about this place.  I am looking forward to returning, perhaps to try the rooftop dining during the summer.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,8/27/2013,95,116,2,3,3>If I ever criticize the places I dine, it's only because of restaurants like Anatolia that spoiled me with their exquisite deliciousness. The place simply radiates cultural warmth: impeccable service and amazing food. My personal favorite is chicken Adana with yogurt ( zesty, melting in your mouth kinda deal) and roasted eggplant as an appetizer. And even if a Russian approves of the eggplant ( Russian cuisine is all about it), it means the Chef is doing something right in the kitchen. I heard a lot of good things about their Kebabs and absolutely love their Turkish coffee and deserts. I've been there many times and not once did I regret the distance I traveled - West side just does not have the equivalent of the place.The coffee and appetizers are not huge, but neither they are supposed to be that - everything outside of US is kinda smaller and tastier; comes with a distance, sorry.So if you want a little romance and culture in your life, just have yourself some magnificent dish on the Anatolia's patio - the air is saturated with the smell of delicious roasts and daring promises ( everybody on the East side and their mother are on the date at Anatolia on Saturday or Sunday, trust me).
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,8/26/2013,70,153,6,7,5>It's a little confusing finding the entrance because it looks like there is a door every five feet along the establishment. Just head for the statue and you're on your way. Once you come in you are greeted with a lot of elegantly tacky decor. Gold everywhere. Everything seemed larger than life. Expensive furniture, high ceilings, really huge windows, huge tables... Oh, the tables. They're high. The chairs, pretty low in comparison. Like, I'm 5' 8.000194" which I thought was slightly above average for the Asian male, and the tabletop was at LEAST nipple-level. When I went to sit down, I had to catch myself because I felt like I was going to fall to the ground. It's awkward at first but in the end I wasn't uncomfortable eating at all. This is more of a friendly warning than a complaint. The real estate of the table was more bothersome since they sat our party of five at a very spacious 8 seater, so it felt a little weird for us to be so spread apart. But this, too, ended up working out because we ordered so much food that it barely fit on the table.Most of what we ordered was really, really freaking good. I'd say my favorite dish was Fish Fillet w/ Spicy Tangy Sauce. Someone else ordered it and I wasn't really salivating at the thought of it, but when I tried it, it was so flavorful and delicious. The sauce was out of this world and had a nice little kick to it. Also had mushu pork, which was also good but never came with the sauce I thought it was supposed to, so it was a little dry with the wraps.I also wanted to try their dim sum, which is made to order and offered all day. Had the siumai, ha gao, and turnip cake, and they were made to perfection. Large pieces, juicy, meaty filling in a nice, moist skin. The turnip cakes were huge and some of the best I've had. I'm inclined to say their dim sum was better quality than Bo Loong and Li Wah. Yeah, little ladies pushing dim sum carts may be cooler, but having it made to order helps the quality and certainly prevents them from drying out--something that happens all too often at the other places.There were a few misses, like forgotten sauces here and there, and bringing food out without rice, but overall the food was delicious and had very generous portions. Service was pretty good with no language issues. I would definitely return. tl;dr - all gold everythang, nipples, and bomb ass food.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,8/25/2013,53,187,,4,4>Well, come on now, this is just a great local grocery store. They have a whole foods vibe without the whole foods prices or pretentiousness. Thier produce is great and they always have interesting options that you would never see in a regular grocery. My favorite things to get here are: their pizza dough, pepperoni, shaved parmesan cheese (all in one convenient case) Also their shaved cabbage, any regular produce and cheeses. Finally they have a great wine selection including a bottle of champagne that I love for $10. Oh yeah, and their bakery is great too! The staff is always super nice and helpful and it is by far my favorite grocery to go to.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,8/24/2013,28,94,,5,4>Tremont Scoops has REOPENED under new ownership!  They've refreshed their branding, and they're now scooping a variety of ice creams made by a local family-owned ice cream company.  I liked the dark chocolate, mango sorbet, moose tracks and peanut butter flavors the best, although they have a nice assortment of flavors that they've clearly put some thought into.The focus is on the classic ice cream flavors, with a few interesting ones thrown in.  In addition to the standard cone selections (cake, sugar, and waffle), they also offer something called a pretzel cone.Overall, it's a nice addition to the neighborhood and a welcome improvement to the old Scoops.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,8/23/2013,12,92,6,2,1>Stumbling your way home drunk on Lee Road? Get the stupid fries. You will not regret it.Stupid drunk? Stupid fries!We've also had the chicken wings and the rib tips, Everything has been awesome. The owner is knowledgeable and loves to talk about food. Eat here! Note, you could also get drunk here if you were so inclined.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,8/22/2013,104,314,,1,2>When I got home from work the other day, I was going to cook tacos for the fam.  Well, we were out of ground turkey and it was getting late, so I called the wife to grab some takeout on her way home from work.I called Yorktown and put an order in for a Chicken Philly foot long sub and a 4-piece chicken meal with sides of steak fries and macaroni and cheese.Fifteen minutes later, I heard a the ruffling of a paper bag as my wife came in the house so I began to salivate and I ran down stairs.  The first bite of the Chicken Philly was every bit as good as I remember.  It's a really good, hot sandwich and it's only $4.49, making it the cheapest foot long in town, which in turn makes it one of the best foot longs in town.The kids ate every bit of their fried chicken and sides.  Yummy dinner for $10!  You can't beat that.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,8/21/2013,15,103,2,8,5>To say I love this place is an understatement.  Let me start off by saying... my family is Hungarian.  We eat weird stuff.  Ok, that's out of the way.. down to my favorites at Dohar's.  In no particular order:The hurka (rice ring) is just yummy.  It is a mix of rice, sausage and liver.  1/3 each.  It is very nice, and has an interesting consistency that includes those chewy bits.  Very good.  I've had hurka from various places around Cleveland, and they are all different, yet similar.  I don't have a favorite, and have specific tastes for all versions at different times.  This is a good one.  There is also the double smoked sausage.  Oh yes... very tasty.  Lots of Hungarian hot paprika (the good stuff, not that powdered "paprika" that Durkee sells at Giant Eagle).  This is a really nice sausage, which because it is double smoked, you do not cook again.  I buy this about once every other time I'm at the WSM, and just adore it.  I cut them up and take them as snacks for work.  Believe me, people notice when that bag opens, and everyone that has tried it has gone to WSM to buy it themselves.  Yes, it's that darned good.  They are also the only place in town that I know of that sells double smoked bacon.  Oh holy hell, this stuff is of the devil.  Again... double smoked.  Don't be putting it in a frying pan!  Serve it on crusty bread, or on crackers, or just sliced.  My son will eat this out of my fridge in seconds when he finds it.  The head cheese (plain and spicy) is terrific.  Yes... head cheese.  (Recall, I warned the reader that I was raised on this weird stuff.  Don't judge me.)  :)Everything I've ever purchased here, I've enjoyed thoroughly.  Now, the best part.  The folks behind the counter.  I always am greeted with a big smile.  These folks know customer service.  They remember repeat customers, and are so helpful.  Not sure about something?  Ask for a sample.  If it's possible, they do it.  (Clearly, you will not be able to sample the pork chops.)  I actually look forward to visiting Dohar's on Saturdays.  These folks hustle back there, and know their stuff.  Go to the WSM.  Visit Dohar's.  You will love it.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,8/20/2013,6,103,3,5,4>Je t'aime, Le Petit. Je t'aime.Walking in to this tiny restaurant is like strolling into a cafe in Montmatre in the fall. High ceilings, narrow space, open kitchen and big bright windows. It's a dream. The food is, of course, splendide! The cassoulet is warm and lovely, and the canard is very good. The ratatouille is a great vegetarian option, very fresh. The steak is fine, and the poulet du chasseur is very good. And I definitely suggest getting the marinated olives or pate for a starter. Just lovely!The service is a little lacking, I will admit. If the restaurant is busy, expect some unusually long waits. Everything else makes up for it, though, and proves this place is just perfect.Merci bien, Le Petit!
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,8/19/2013,51,109,,2,3>If I had written this review a month to a year ago, I would have given five stars for sure! My boyfriend and have been obsessed with High Thai'd and used to go or get take out as often as once a week. (Thai food is our weakness...nothing with that!)When I first moved to Cleveland and discovered there were two Thai restaurants close to me, a block apart, I tried them both. My guy and I both agreed whole-heartedly that High Thai'd was far superior to Tree Country Bistro, and we have been loyal ever since.Until recently...High Thai'd, you raised your prices! By a dollar! You also appear to have cut your portion sizes, and the last time I was there my entree was not at all spicy, despite the pepper image by its name on the menu. (I may be Scandinavian, but I like a little kick on my food--if I order that way, please deliver!) Based on these reoccurring disappointments as of late, my boyfriend and I went back to Tree Country to give it another shot. We felt that we were cheating on High Thai'd a little, and unfortunately had a better experience at TCB this time around. Their prices are now cheaper and serving sizes are larger. High Thai'd, I will always love you, but you've been making too many mistakes recently. My old rating of 5 stars has been combined with my recent analysis of 3 stores to give it this 4 star review. I'll probably be going to Tree Country in the future over High Thai'd. And it pains me to say that.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,8/18/2013,110,90,3,5,3>This is one of the places that you have to try in order to call yourself a "Clevelander". It's best known for having the best & biggest corned beef in Cleveland. This is a smallish sit down restaurant, but there's nothing fancy inside; no-frills decor and typical of an 80s diner. The only thing I've had here was of course the corned beef sandwich. So how big is the sandwich? It's massive, I would say a good pound of slice corned beef, in between two pieces of rye bread. It's piled about 4-5" high. You'll definitely want to knife and fork it. I'd be impressed if you can actually take a bite at it. The flavor from the meat is very good and wasn't dry or too fatty. I also had a side of coleslaw and fries. They were OK, but it complements the corned beef with a bit of veggies. You won't come here for that anyhow, so you shouldn't be disappointed if these were a let down. However, the prices have gone up at this place in the last few years, but at $12 a sandwich, its worth it for the experience and to proudly say that you've eaten at Slyman's!
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,8/17/2013,190,48,2,7,3>Amazing, authentic Greek food and drinks. Their desserts are to die for. Everthing is made fresh in their open kitchen and they have daily specials you have to try!Each meal includes a complimentary basket of pita wedges and bread with homemade hummus dip.  So good! The calamari appetizer is honestly the best I've ever had.  It's cooked just right, not heavily battered and deep fried til overdone like most other places. The service here is impeccable. The servers are very knowledgeable and always friendly. The decor is very classy and gives the place an upscale look. Taki, the owner, is also very cool.They have a nice patio for summer time dining, with lively Greek music playing over the speaker.Definitely check this place out if you love Greek cuisine as much as I do! Trust me, you won't be disappointed! Opa!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,8/16/2013,97,533,,5,4>I'm not entirely sure how to review this place, but I'll do my best. I've been here on a tour, and as part of a couple of events. The small museum is probably only interesting to older kids, but worth a look for sure. Architecturally, this is a real masterpiece, and I recommend a tour if you have the opportunity (I don't think they're open to the general public). Just the museum would give you an idea of the scale and quality of the building. Highlights of the tour include the meeting rooms and the unbelievable vault and vault door from the days when Feds actually stored money. Great slice of Cleveland history.The meeting space on the 10th floor is large enough to accommodate groups of more than 100 easily, and there are plenty of breakout rooms. I think the food is catered, but it's pretty business-meeting fare.Kind of a strange place to review on Yelp, but that's my not-very-insider insider's knowledge.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,8/15/2013,88,296,1,9,2>I have to admit.  It wasn't what I was expected.I came in thinking Ukrainian food had to be comfort food, served in a townie bar sort of place reminiscent of Sokolowskis.  Instead of that, I found a very classy and modern establishment with lots of garden rooms, windows, fireplaces with leather and rich chocolate colored accents.  It's a perfect date place!We first ordered the Moscow Mules which came in short, stubby little copper kettles.  It somehow made the Mule (one of my favorite drinks...if It's Russian or not!), keep cold and generally taste better somehow!As an appetizer, we got the potato pancakes.  They came out and they were flavorful and fried.  They weren't like the latke's that I generally have around here, they were flatter and seemed to be more carefully pounded out...if that even makes sense with potatoes.  First course we got soups.  I got the chicken paprikash and my bf got the borscht.  We ended up switching because I loved the hearty yet delicate taste of beets with sour cream, and he loved the general heartiness of the paprikash.  My only negative is that the soup wasn't what I was expecting.  There are a range of paprkiashes out there and I suppose I'm more partial to the soupy and creamy Hungarian styles.  This was more of a gravy with yummy potato dumpling balls and heavy, but not hot, spices.Main entree we got the short rib crepe and the mushroom pierogies (with a side of mushroom cabbage roll).  Somehow we realized that we all ordered the mushroom sauce, but this wasn't a negative because it was so creamy and delicious, I could have ordered more and been happy!  The short rib crepe was almost like a beef wellington, surrounded by well seasoned squashes.  The pierogis were pretty amazing...filled with sauteed mushrooms, covered with the sauce.  Everything was fresh and homey.Our server was excellent (and Ukrainian, which I learned when she spoke to another table) and kept us happy the entire meal.  Overall, this is a place that is in no-man's land between Strongsville and Broadview Hts.  I honestly am looking forward to returning and I hope it continues to do well!!!
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,8/14/2013,442,1404,3,10,3>Fantastic facility.  And a good mix of students and community members.  Not only is it really nice but it also has up-to-date equipment and classes.  In the summer they turn the pool into a 50m pool, making it ideal for long laps and tri practice.  One of these days I will get up the balls to jump off the platform diving board... Gotta get that on video for sure... Anyway $40 a month is a steal.  Most classes are free except for a few premium classes.  Personal training, fitness testing, triathlon training, and fun wellness contests are also offered.  Love it!In case you are wondering what the classes and instructors are like...TRX with ShannonGreat combo of cardio and strength training using the TRX straps.  Class is limited to 5 people.  Shannon is a great motivator.Cardio Sculpt with MichaelWant to revert back to the days of the 20-minute/Richard Simmons aerobics and weights, this is your class!  Michael is really fun and funny and he offers excellent instruction.  He also high-fives everyone after class and tells them they did a good job.Aqua Shallow or Deep with JudyYou can tell Judy is passionate about what she does, and she is in killer shape for her age.  "Sprinting" in the water and using aqua bells will get your heart rate up.158 with Clare45 minutes of nonstop, Crossfit-like movements...box jumps, kettlebell swings, wall balls, pull ups, etc.  Clare is a little on the quiet side for the intensity of the class.  Room is small and the downside is you sometimes have to share equipment or do exercises outside the room which kinda sucks.Total Toning and Abs with TravisGreat mix of cardio and strength training with weights, BOSU balls, body bars, etc.  And Travis is a nice guy.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,8/13/2013,98,48,,4,3>Ohio's first casino, and it's right in the heart od downtown!  It is always packed here!  I don't gamble, but I like to go to see my friends and family and people watch lol.  But this is a very nice casino that is nicely designed.  I wish that the parking was attached, so that I wouldn't have to walk to my car (doesn't feel safe when it's late at night and if I'm alone).  It is nice that they do offer free parking if you play for 30 minutes or if you are at least a Diamond Club member.  There are two nearby lots for free self-parking, one of which is an indoor garage.  They are each located on opposite ends of the casino, which is nice because it opens up your access to another area of downtown.  They also offer free shuttle service between the parking garage and casino.  They have a small food court with Corky and Lenny's, B Spot and an Italian dining option on the second floor.  In the basement, they have the buffet which is very extensive and has a variety of cuisines: Asian, Italian, American, Southern, carving station, dessert station and more!  Their prime rib carving station is delicious, and they have pretty good Asian cuisine.  If you play the house table games for long enough, you can ask a manager for food vouchers (hint hint!).  This casino always has giveaways and raffles, where you can win big money for slot play, cars and gifts!  They definitely make it enticing to keep coming back!This casino isn't very big, even though it is four levels.  But I heard through the grapevine that they are building a much larger facility in the flats, and that soon this location will be limited to just certain games.The only other downside is that they don't give free drinks like Vegas!  But I am pretty sure that it is a state law that you cannot give free alcohol, unless they are sample sizes.  However, if you are a Diamond Club member, there is a lounge on the top floor, where you can get cocktails for only $2, and I believe that non-alcoholic beverages are free (don't quote me on that... I ordered one cocktail and one shirley temple, and it was only $2!).
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,8/12/2013,9,256,3,9,2>Society Lounge is a welcome addition to East Fourth and fills the role of a dedicated cocktail establishment quite nicely.  Service was friendly and attentive.  The environment does take some getting used to, but the drinks were all well-crafted and top notch.My own visit was for after work drinks--not too long after the lounge opened at 5pm.  The space was empty except for one table, but I was first struck by how overwhelmingly dark the room was.  How did people in the 1920's read drink menus without the light from iPhone screens?  Screw it; I put the menu down.  "I'll have an Amaretto Sour (with egg whites)," (somehow communicating the parentheses).  This is my favorite drink at Velvet Tango Room, and one I've started making for myself and instructing on how to make to anybody behind a bar willing to listen.  After a minute or two, the bartender came to the table and explained that they didn't have amaretto but could put something together using their house-made almond syrup.  The end result was pretty good:  I still think it would have been better with amaretto, but he absolutely nailed the rich, frothy top that makes the cocktail memorable.When it was time to order drink #2, my eyes were more attuned to the darkness and Kelly (our fantastic server) happily assisted me in navigating through the menu to something I might like--a Blood and Sand.  As awful sounding as that title may be, it was an excellent drink--one of the best I've had in recent memory--and had some added flair from the perfectly spherical ball of ice inside and the orange zest flamed as it was being served.  After that, more customers started to file in, and the lounge singer started to do her thing with the piano player playing along.  Drinks #3 and #4 were wholly omakase ("One drink, please!"):  A refreshing Cucumber Gimlet and a Kentucky Mule served in a copper mug and copper straw.  Both were very good, and fit the pace and moment just right.And as I sat there wondering why the metal straw market hadn't taken off, it was time to go and find something to eat.* Comparisons to Velvet Tango Room are inevitable.  The location of Society Lounge is substantially more convenient for downtown activities, and I get the sense that Society Lounge is more focused on mixology whereas VTR has a full stable of well-made (and well-described) cocktails.  In any event, it takes more than one visit to reach those heights.  I'd be interested in the future to see (a) how far this mixology can go, and (b) how Society Lounge handles big crowds.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,8/11/2013,105,123,,3,1>We were out in the area for some shopping and noticed this wine bar's patio.  It was a wonderful unplanned stop.  The food was great - hummus, cheese plate and pizza were all super delicious.  The hummus may be the best I've had.  The service was great, as well.The wine list was nice with reasonably priced reds and whites (about 8-10 of each) with lots of variety.  When we each decided we wanted something different for our second glass, the waitress suggested something similar to our first glass that we might like - I especially appreciated that.  Definitely worth checking out if you are in the Solon area - especially on a nice spring or summer day!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,8/10/2013,20,53,,4,3>my family is a member of this club. It is actually enjoyable. Its very very very well run. Larry is the best thing they have. He  keeps the place running and enjoyable. The workers from the dock boys to servers are extremely well trained patient and very nice people. I will say that though nice the inside of the club is slowly becoming dated. Its kept in amazing condition. Sparking and clean, but it does tell you that it was decorated and designed in years gone past. Why not five stars? I love the place and the people. But I have met some people there that are members... that are just.. a bit on the Thurston Howell the third side of things. A bit too stuck up for the own good. It can make it uncomfortable at times. If you have the luxury of owning a boat and being a member, relax and enjoy, don't expect people to wait on you hand and foot.  Walk a mile in their shoes then see how you treat them.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,8/9/2013,23,256,,5,2>I recently visited for the first time since the atrium has reopened.  It is absolutely stunning.  I can't believe we have this amazing museum right here and we can go anytime for free.  It's nice because I don't feel like I have to see the whole thing in one visit, which would be exhausting.  I really enjoyed the room with Cleveland artists' work during my recent visit.  I also checked out the Provenence Cafe, and it looks really good.  There were tons of people eating lunch when I was there, which is a good sign that the food stays fresh.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,8/8/2013,128,94,3,15,7>My iPhone was BUSTED BIG TIME YEAH!Super Nerds doctored it right up for me, within a half an hour, for slightly over $80 (tax included).Super Nerds will fix your busted up iPhone, iPod, or iPad. I'd suggest calling for pricing and to make an appointment. You can check them out both on their website and on Facebook to get the deets on the services they provide & some pricing - albeit maybe not the most current.They are located right outside of Macy's (on the ground level) in Southpark Mall - I almost walked past the kiosk the first time, so keep your eyes out for it.I was jazzed and saddened at the same time to find out they can do color changes for iPhones - but only the 4s right now - boooo (I only have the 4, so no can do).The display they put onto my iPhone is a high quality LG screen, I'm not sure if it is THE screen that Apple uses but it is just as good as my original screen. I cannot tell the difference. Apparently with the iPhone 4 and above, Apple has glued their displays to the glass, so once the glass is busted your display is toast.I've had this particular iPhone for over two years now so I'm surprised this is the first cosmetic damage I've had. Just to note I've learned through google-ing that apparently iPhone's are pretty durable until you drop them directly on their fronts or on a corner - then there's no hope. Word to the wise - buy a case and keep those babies in your pocket. A new screen is a costly investment.No worries about needing to back up your data, apps, photos, etc. - I lost nothing during the screen swap and was told they don't mess with the motherboard or whatever it is for these types of things.Super satisfied and thankful for the quick and efficient service.All major credit cards accepted!
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,8/7/2013,98,206,2,5,4>Upon walking in, I saw the well-maintained dark grain (painted) wood and large stone walls and ceiling. Extremely reminiscent of a ski lodge. I really like that. Minimal tschotskes on the wall. For a second, this made me ask myself whether or not, was I in Old Brooklyn ?! Yep, I was.. the beer prices were pretty cheap and the draft beer selection is limited to domestics and the only micro they had was Great Lakes. Good service at the bar. I didn't try any of the food but my compadre like their hot wings which were doused with Frank's Red Hot.  There's also a pool table and a foosball table; and plenty of seating, it's larger than what it looked from the outside. There's also an outdoor concrete patio in the back.Although I went on a Sunday evening, I didn't get a sketchy vibe, a plus.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,8/6/2013,95,107,,3,3>Went here for a birthday last weekend. Lets just say that the company ended up being at least double what the reservations were, up on the beautiful patio on a Saturday night. Drinks and tequila were flowing, we ordered appetizers for three tables, and everyone got dinner, with stellar service. I was drinking the magical lemonade, pretty sure it was lemonade and vodka but it was damn tasty. And perfect for sitting out on that patio. For the appetizers we had the poutine (a-ok), mussels, and pork belly (holy crap, I loved that pork belly). And then for dinner, I ordered the croque madame. Lets just say everyone was taking pictures of my food. It was huge, and delicious, and I couldn't finish so I shared it with my boyfriend and his brother. The steak frites were sold out but that would probably be my choice next time. I tried Fernando's burger, it was pretty hearty, and he's a burger aficionado. Also the fries were on point. Basically, I want to hang out here all the time and try everything they have to offer.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,8/5/2013,99,118,,4,2>Middle eastern/Mediterranean diner meets grocery store in the burgeoning area of the Cleveland Clinic. Had the gyro meal with rice and green beans.  Reasonably priced and the space is new and neat with an upscale cafeteria feel to it.  walking distance from my office so that is a plus.  Open for breakfast so will have to give that a whirl.  Had to wait a few minutes for my Gyro meat but looks like they are working out the kinks on their service during lunch.  There is an olive bar with so many variety of olives.  I didn't know you could do that many ways with an olive.  They should have an olive eating contest.  That could be a new neighborhood event.  I'd go back again.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,8/4/2013,13,160,,4,2>This a very solid Italian restaurant with good food and good service! The decor is obviously cheesy, which I have come to expect of Italian places. A little too Olive Graden with all of the "Italian" stuff around you but no big. Lots of bread with yummy flavored butter to start off the meal. The ravioli I had was delicious! There was a lot and I had plenty of leftovers to enjoy later! The waitress was really nice, the restaurant was quiet but not awkwardly so. They also have gelato which I didn't try but probably will next time! Overall, I was pleased and will likely go back again soon.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,8/3/2013,86,287,,5,4>Hells and Yes. I really dig this place. While it wouldn't be my first choice for a night on the town, this is definitely the favorite place of multiple pals of mine, so I end up going here frequently. The vibe I get from it is "upscale taqueria." Definitely get the guacamole sampler for your table -- you will not regret it. I got the little do-it-yourself fajita thingies (as you can tell, I am a Mexican food expert), and they were the most delicious things I have had all week. Service was fantastic. I was hungover so I unfortunately did not sample any of their margaritas, but my dining associates said they were great. I am lucky to live in a city with places this good.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,8/2/2013,36,140,,3,2>Finally had a chance to come back and this place is much better, IMO.  Bar service still seemed a little awkward, but I'm just being nit picky on that point. The bar tender wasn't inattentive.  The prices also didn't seem so bad this time around since I focused on the house beers.  The BottleHouse beers are great and shouldn't be skipped over.  Their beer list represents their own damn tasty brew and some other standouts of the USA craft brew scene.  There's still no food, which is fine.  Just don't come here for a meal.  This is not a brew pub, it's a brewing company.  Keep that in mind when arriving.  Sometimes you can find food available, but it's not a part of this location.  But that doesn't mean you can't bring your own food.  Essentially, this location is a brewery that setup a lot of picnic tables and a stage for people to use as a community home base... but with beer.  I stand by my initial option that this place seemed like a community center with beer taps, but the atmosphere was much better this time around.  Which helped me better experience the concept much more.  I saw families with kids playing bored games, friends socializing after work, old and young mixing it up.  People can come together over good beer in the right setting without it being some sort of adults-only bar experience--BottleHosue created that right setting.  There was even a band playing some decent tunes.  The music was a little hippy-ish for my liking, but it wasn't something that would drive me out of the building.  Plus, the band members were are very cool and talkative as if they were patrons themselves. If I lived near the area, I would probably be here a lot.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,8/1/2013,44,43,1,4,4>LURRRVV this place.I have been here a bunch of times, and each time I've found that the menu has changed! I like that they switch things up every so often, and while the mac n cheese is no longer on the menu (my favorite thing), when I asked the waitress about it she said they could make it for me anyway!! CHA CHING!I've had tons of stuff from this menu. Stand outs include the butternut squash and goat cheese pizza, the thin french fries with a fried egg on top, and the tofu entree. Dessert is phenomenal as well. I'm partial to the bread pudding.The staff here is AMAZING. They are super friendly and accommodating to ANY request. I want to be their BFF.In short, HIGHLY recommend!!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,7/31/2013,48,38,6,5,4>I grew up in Houston, so when I get nostalgic for 100 degrees and 100% humidity, I look for a hot yoga studio. There was a fantastic one I frequented in Santa Monica, but classes were $22 a session, which would have horrified my mother, so let's not tell her how I fritter my money away.This studio is priced more reasonably at $15 a class, with rates going down to $10ish if you buy a package. I guess it's better than a drug addiction, right? The last time I came here, a very militant Eastern European woman barked orders at us for an hour and a half, which is pretty much the only way to practice yoga, in my opinion.The only thing I do not like about this studio is the carpeting, which smells vaguely like the sweat and tears of its users.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,7/30/2013,68,481,3,6,3>I couldn't be more excited about this place opening! It's a VERY short walk from my apartment which could bode well for them, but not so much for me...Everything is consistent with what I've experienced at the W. 25th location, but better (because it's in walking distance and I don't feel the need to hold back...wow, I'm sounding like a lush now). I really prefer the open space and the windows all around. It just feels like a great summer spot, with the doors open and the friendly bartenders. The food is good. I really like the burger and that's what I get every time I go to W. 25th, so I went for it at this location. Consistent, though I must say, there seemed to be less grease here, which is overall a good thing because I got a little more burger "crunch" on those thinner edges. Also worth checking out are the homemade potato chips. They're quite the treat and a nice starchy snack that's a welcome change from the typical bar fries. The beer selection is fantastic (no surprise, considering the loads of options they have at the original location) and I'm always happy to find some of my favorite brews on their lengthy list. This is also a good place to try something new (happy hours run long and the specials are worth it). The staff is usually pretty helpful and happy to aid in decisions. Worth noting, as well, is that they run specials on different beer combos and amounts, as well as unique food selections--just ask and you shall receive the rundown with a little backstory, too, if you're nice enough! Overall, GO HERE. Have a good time and chat it up with the staff. They're good people and this is a great establishment.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,7/29/2013,44,84,2,6,2>I want to get drunk here and never leave, but there's a lot of floor wax in my dessert topping.For context, there's an old Saturday Night Live parody commercial that has a husband and wife arguing loudly with each other: "It's a floor wax!"  "It's a dessert topping!"  The gag is, of course, that Shimmer Floor Wax is a floor wax AND a dessert topping.  Lizardville is a beer store AND a whiskey bar AND a gastropub - kind of a Swiss Army Knife of booze-related activities.  And like a Swiss army knife, it doesn't do everything particularly well.  In fact, Lizardville kind of like a hot model with a big, leaky cold sore, in that you try SO HARD to fall in love that you can kind of overlook the flaws.  Kind of.  But it's a very floor wax-y experience.First off, as a beer store?  Five stars, easy.  Because the selection is incredibly deep and interesting, with hundreds of local and rare beers - a little pricey, but some of these you can't get anywhere else.  They also have the best mead selection in town.  If you want to build your own six packs, go nuts.  And OH MY GOD IF YOU LOVE WHISKEY AND SCOTCH YOU WILL FALL IN LOVE HERE AND NEVER LEAVE.  They have an extensive menu, and by "extensive," I mean they have an entire BINDER full of exquisite boozes.  They have a taste map that shows you if you liked this whiskey but want something more delicate in taste, follow your finger upwards.  Want a peatier experience?  Back, and to the left.  There are whiskey flights at very reasonable prices so you can build your taste profile.  And the staff is very well educated.  As a whiskey joint, this place gets ALL THE STARS.  It's the best sampler place in Ohio that I've found.  It's scotchy heaven.  Scotchy, scotch scotch.  (I wish they could SELL scotch, but the staff informed me that Ohio's Liquor Commission doesn't allow them to serve beverages and sell hard liquor for some arcane reason.  Pity.  They'd be masterful at it.)  Unfortunately, they also make what could charitably be called "food" here, and it wasn't good.  We got fries that tasted like they came out of a freezer somewhere, a fried fish sandwich served on tasty rolls but crunchy and overly-bready twists of non-fishy flavor, and a chicken sandwich that approached adequate.  Maybe they were having a bad night, and I'll give them that, because the food also took literally an hour to arrive on a Friday night.  Now, we WERE distracted by beer and scotch, which arrived speedily, so we didn't mind.... and maybe the cooks were having a good night.  But it's a very small, narrow menu with few distinctive choices, too small to properly call itself a gastropub, and so for me the food turned out to be an active turnoff.  So Lizardville is good to visit if you feel like experiencing a vast and bewildering variety of boozen.  In fact, it's stellar.  But the food that went with it wasn't anywhere up to speed with the rest, and seemed pretty awful by comparison.  Like I said, this was one Friday night.  Maybe the food is better every other night, and if the food becomes merely mediocre, then that can catapult the experience to five stars.  I'm not looking for awesome food, like at Jammy Buggars or Deegan's.  I'm just asking for something that doesn't drag down the other good stuff around it.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,7/28/2013,35,173,,4,2>Truly one of the most beautiful buildings I have ever been in.  The art deco ceiling of the concert hall is so mesmerizing that you will have to remember to listen to the music.I heard Carmina Burana here on April 13, and it was spectacular.  I sat in the balcony and I don't believe it made any difference in terms of the sound or my ability to see the musicians.  The seating is well-designed, though close together.  I think that an overweight person would have problems with these seats.  But, that is just advice, not a complaint really.  The seat was comfortable.  The only disadvantage to sitting farther back is that you are occasionally distracted by other concert-goers.Being a former singer, I really appreciated the soloists and choir.  They were spot-on.  The children's choir did a great job as well.  I will definitely be returning for more shows, especially if I have out of town guests.  I attended with some people who had seen the same piece performed by the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, and they said that Cleveland's performance was much better.  It made us proud to have such a wonderful orchestra in Cleveland.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,7/27/2013,150,222,,5,5>"Ira Shai Ma Se" the greeting to all that walk into Dante Boccuzzi's sushi - Japanese joint in Tremont.  Welcome to our shop.  You don't get much better sushi in town, or if you do it certainly isn't complemented by some of the most attentive service in town.  Pricey?  Yeah a bit, unless you hit happy hour with $5.00 roll specials and half off specialty cocktails and craft beers.  This little (yes it is very small who cares?) packs a big punch when it comes to fresh flavors.    This is hands down one of the hidden treasures of Tremont and Cleveland for that matter.  Dante and his staff are top notch with out of this world sushi and service.  Try the Jumbo Shrimp Tempura (Shrimp, Asparagus, Tobiko)  to start or be daring and check out the Ginko omakase tasting for $79 a person, or the otsukuri omakase for $60 a pop.  It's life changing, unique and daring.  The Ambiance will make you forget you are in Cleveland and believe you are in some swank joint in Tokyo only the locals know about.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,7/26/2013,53,61,3,5,4>I wish I had heard about Keller's before my engagement ring and wedding band were purchased. My partner and I found a wonderful diamond, and went shopping to have it set. Unfortunately, we purchased the setting and our wedding bands from a chain store. Let me tell you, if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is. Now, the other store isn't terrible, but Tommy from Keller's should send them a thank you card because the other store's customer service drove me away from them for life - and into Keller's. Anyway, my rings both had a warranty on them - sizing, fixing, etc. My diamond was loose, and 2 months ago the guy at the other store told me it wasn't, it was my imagination. Last week I could actually MOVE the diamond. It's insured, but still!So my partner and I hopped into the other store. To repair my ring, it would need to be sent out (even though they have an in-house jeweler) and would take 4-6 weeks. 4-6 weeks to simply re-set the ring??!? I've had friends receive a custom made ring in less time. I inquired about the in-house jeweler - oh that's just "around $80" and should take 7-10 days, but I could pay more to have it rushed in 5-7 days. Oh, and they wanted me to sign a waiver that they weren't responsible if anything happened to my diamond. Yeah, nothing weird about that. The customer service was also lousy.But this review is about Keller's, which is the opposite of the other store. I searched to find someone to re-set my ring without costing me my grocery bill and waiting a month. A friend recommended Keller's and I found some reviews (but none here!). I called and spoke to Tommy, the owner, who was great! when you drive up, it's a very unassuming store - small, but clean. There's not a huge selection, but Tommy is more than happy to order things. A sign out front says that they are the best in Cleveland for grillz - so I was a little concerned (would this guy know what he was doing? Would I trade my ring for a grill? Are his grills really that sweet?) As soon as my partner and I walked in, Tommy was super friendly - I felt more like I was stopping in to chat with a friend. He could see the ring wiggle without his special jeweler's spectacles. He examined it, and said it'd be an easy fix (the other store said that they'd just tighten the prongs, but Tommy said having it re-set would hold it better). Since I showed up 2 hours before close, he couldn't fix it that day - he said I could either come back the next day and he'd fix it in a few hours or I could leave it overnight. When I left it, he wrote down all kinds of specifics on my ring, which made me reassured. (he was also stupefied as to how it could take more than a few days to fix the ring)Tommy called me the next morning to tell me that my ring was done. I stopped in and it was gorgeous! He polished my ring so that it looked brand new. Oh, and it was under $25. I chatted with him for a bit, and Tommy is an all-around great guy who loves his community. I'm much happier with his service, as well as supporting someone local. Tommy wasn't pushy at all, and really seems to know his stuff - plus some regular customers were there while I was, and they definitely were happy. I know where I'll be going the next time I am need of jewelry for myself or a gift.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,7/24/2013,215,581,4,9,7>I've found the best pizza in Cleveland right here!!!Combining the Neapolitan style of Crostada's with the helpful and passionate staff of Sweet Basil, Biga excels in all areas. Most impressive of all being the pizza.There are so many things right with this place. The fact that it is about a 40-minute drive east didn't deter these West Siders from getting there within minutes of opening (5pm) yesterday. We'd called ahead (they take phone reservations via voicemail and will call back to confirm -- highly recommend you do this), and they had our cute table of four waiting for us, complete with high chair and two Etch-a-Sketches for the kids to play with.Having read the reviews, we started off with the bread sticks. I could have made a meal of these alone. The bread was wonderful -- like an Italian version of Naan, but even better -- and the parmesan cheese and bright, flavorful tomato sauce made it sing. We also shared a salad of local greens (I think that was actually the name of the salad too). Very good, with fresh lettuce right from their own garden. (On the menu, by the way, an asterisk indicates which ingredients are grown right there in Biga's backyard.)For the pizza, we tried three: the Margherita (because it's my favorite), the Spicy Pepperoni, and a seasonal white pie with bacon and asparagus. Holy hell...this was possibly one of the best selections of pizza I've ever eaten. The crust was from another planet. Unlike Crostata's, which falls a little limp and thin in the middle of the pie, Biga's was sturdy, yet chewy, throughout.  It passed the "fold test" yet you didn't really want to fold it because the aromatic flavors and textures more easily wafted to your nose if you left it open.For dessert (how could we not?), we opted for the "donuts" (which were reminiscent of zeppoles from Italian street fairs, yet cut into thick strips), served with warm Nutella for dipping. Needless to say, we didn't leave any of those over (although we definitely could have -- there were enough donuts on that plate to feed the entire restaurant). The funny thing is that, even after feasting for an hour on all this delicious food, we didn't feel sick or stuffed on our way out. Perhaps it was because we boxed a good amount of pizza to go, but I can't help but think it's also due to the light, fresh ingredients that don't have added grease or sugar.Knowing it was BYOB, we saved a bundle on not buying drinks and instead enjoyed our own beer in the chilled glasses they provided. And the bill came to just under $100 including a generous tip -- not bad for a family of four (yes, even the baby ate pizza and breadsticks!).If you're in the Kirtland area -- or even if you're not -- pay a visit to Biga. You will not be sorry!!!
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,7/23/2013,65,71,2,3,4>I am a huge fan of HandsOn. I've been volunteering with them for about a year. I like that you do not have to commit to a number of hours/days or to an organization, volunteer once a year or once a week with whatever activity(ies) you want. The website is easy to use. The staff are super friendly and helpful. My favorite activities are the Sunday Dog Walking in Elyria and Cat Cuddling in Mentor. Check it out!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,7/22/2013,263,228,7,10,7>a discreet awninga bygone era awaitswith a sandwich manCleveland needs more of these.  Cleveland once had more of these. Warm, dark, with a kinda shady vibe.  Class act, old school bartenderesses that are charming, but not to be trifled with. Shot glasses. A sandwich man with the classic paper hat mans the deli slicer in the front window. He makes a helluva sandwich. Quality meats, including pastrami from Sy Ginsberg. The awning says "famous since 1976".  I'm pretty sure the prices have not changed since then either.  Or the rest of the place.  And that my friends, is a very good thing.Carry on...
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,7/21/2013,440,357,,6,2>This is Cleveland Yoga's second branch (main branch is at Beachwood) and I already love and fully support this place. The Uptown branch only has 1 studio and it's a hot yoga studio. However, there are classes at all times throughout the day and also have classes every day throughout the week. One of the best things about Cleveland Yoga is that there are different "plans" you can sign up for. There's a $15 for 1 week unlimited Yoga (only for New Students), then there's a per class pass, 5-class pass, 10-class pass, 1-month pass, or unlimited 1 year pass, etc.. It's just very flexible depending on how often you involved you plan to be!As a suggestion for those who are beginners, I would say, GO TO a basics class. They will you all their classes are for "all levels." But i made the mistake of making my first class a Power Vinyasa Yoga for 1.5 hours and was pretty much a dead person for the 4,5 days. So if you're a beginner, start with the Power Yoga Basics courses. If you want an instructor suggestion, I have been loving Meg Witt's classes!! She really makes the class flow really well, does a good job instructing and explaining how poses should be. Go Meg!
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2013,7/20/2013,42,85,2,5,3>I've been here twice and have not been disappointed. Johnny's is a nice, somewhat small bar with great pub food, good beers, and a small-town feel. I almost want to say intimate atmosphere - but not the kind of intimate that goes on behind closed doors. The kind of intimate where you're with a group of good, old friends. Does that make sense? Hopefully!My first visit was during the opening ceremonies of the 2012 Olympics - my roommate and I sat here and watched the parade of athletes while sipping on G+Ts and V+Ts (Sweden...you have some good looking Olympians!). Very reasonably priced drinks, decent service, friendly bartenders.One downside - the music is entirely jukebox driven. If no one pays, there's no music. And on the flip side, someone can pay a ton and just be the DJ for the night...whether you like it or not. That being said, when it's playing, the music isn't loud enough to be disruptive. My second time at Johnny's was during the AFC championship game, and my friend and I were the only people there for about an hour - but the staff was still friendly, and I still had a good time. I got onion rings and mozzarella sticks, and oh my goodness both were delicious. I'm sure my arteries needed a plunger after that, but it was certainly worth it. If you are choosing between the two, go with the onion rings - the portions are huge and so, so perfectly crispy.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,7/19/2013,75,549,,7,2>I think this is perhaps what Howard Schultz desired for Starbucks when he was in Italy. The commercialized version of a Starbucks is obviously a lot different from an Italian cafe, but this place got closer. Here the beans needed to make your cup of coffee are not ground until you order your drink. Here each cup is carefully made via pour over method. I'm not sure how this method would hold up with a long line and only one employee, but as I was the only person in the shop at the time it worked - and smelled - great! They have three coffees to choose from (among a selection of other fancier coffee based drinks) for $3.00 each. They accept cards via Square on their iPad till. I tried the Rwanda coffee today and will surely be back to try the other two. What a wonderful ritual to start the morning with - not to mention great tasting coffee. There was also some cool local art for sale on the walls. If you were thinking of sitting and enjoying the atmosphere however, think again. I only noticed two stools at a wall side bar which definitely didn't lend themselves to laptops, maybe the morning paper.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,7/18/2013,14,273,,2,3>Came here on Yelp reviews. Not disappointed! What a menu. Drooling while reading it. The Monte Cristo did not disappoint. Way too much to eat at once. I took half home. Delicious hot chocolate too. My wife had the croissant. Also delicious. Home made chips, nicely salty and crispy, not greasy. The whole place smells so good when you walk in.Ran into the owner on the way out. He's got lots of plans to spruce up the place, over time. Please go, enjoy the delicious food so he can do the upgrades. This is the type of local place I like to frequent to support local merchants.Fresh, imaginative food. Local ingredients, where possible. Everything that can be home made is home made.I will definitely be back here. It's a little far from home, but close to my wife's office. Lunch in the near future.I have NEVER commented on another yelp reviewer's review, but I find the review by Eryion H. a little hard to believe. I stand by my rating.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,7/17/2013,22,41,,4,2>This is a wonderful, public, glass studio and teaching facility on the (relatively) near East side of Cleveland.  I started off with a groupon class; and decided that I loved it so much I would start taking regular classes there.The owners are wonderful; they are responsive, relaxed, and make the studio a great environment.  The teachers are truly talented and they make glass blowing accesible.  I have taken several class session at the studio (each one is 8 weeks long) and I have truly learned a lot.  It's a quirky environment, tucked in an older "warehouse" style building.  The jukebox plays as you are learning to push, pull, blow and shape your way to expressing your artistic glory (and sometimes your artistic flops).It's one of the best things I've ever done for myself.  If you are considering checking out the studio, definitely do it.  Know that the groupon classes are very introductory and just give you a small chance to experience glass blowing...
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,7/16/2013,56,103,,3,3>Had a fantastic time and brought home enough 'astronaut' ice cream for the family.Very cool tour, my little nerd side was in overload. The SLOPE facility seemed more basic than it really was, especially after they explained the uses as well as the various difficulties. And of course, living in Akron, it was nice to see the Goodyear logos plastered all over everything! Even better? After everyone else on the tour had cleared out to go back to the bus, they let me try the controls on the Scarab rover. My dad claims this was a 'super ballsy' move on my part, but hey! if you don't ask, they can't say yes.Gift shop is kind of small, but adequate. Wish there had been more books (or maybe I was too psyched about the astronaut ice cream I remember from my trip to DC that I didn't notice them).
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,6/18/2013,7/15/2013,43,80,,4,2>Great location, walking distance to about every hot spot in Ohio City. I haven't had any beers yet but the smoothies are great, I've had strawberry and cocoloco or whatever its called. They also have these cool emulsion type drinks, my friend got one and its served with one large ice cube. He had "Indigo" and loved it. The wrapped dates are a must have. Although I usually don't like those skinny fries, but these have truffle oil (Ik so trendy!) and parmesan, super awesome. The place is set up funny, one side is a bar restaurant and the other is like a café and you order Panera style. If you go on the Café side check out the big Pepsi/Coke machine, it has pop (fante, sprite, coke, dr pepper ect) in like a million different flavors. Yes! Vanilla Coke!!
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,7/14/2013,144,144,2,7,4>Call in your order, park in the back, walk in, grab your food, go home, eat. I really don't know what's not to like. Friendly service, excellent food and great value, all in one. They are the only Vietnamese restaurant in the area open before 3 on the weekends, well worth the extra few minutes it takes to get here compared to my other favorite Vietnamese restaurant close by.They have all the staples, pho, pad thai, curry, basil fried rice, rice plates and the list goes on and on. So many menu items it's really hard to decide what to order. Good thing is, their prices are low so you can order several items for the cheap. I like everything I have ever had here so much, I could literally eat here everyday. The portions are really large, the food quality is surprisingly to my liking (considering the low pricing). Heads up, when you say spicy, they really give it to you and their closed Mondays. They are so fast, definitely authentic, highly recommend.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,7/13/2013,80,187,1,3,2>Delicious food for a nice night out! We came here on a Monday night with several people (I made a reservation the day before just in case they were busy on a Monday). We had company in town from California and wanted a nice dinner out for their last night. We also had a toddler with us, which was not a problem. Others have said "not good for kids", but I feel its a judgement call on what your kid can handle - anyway, they have at least one highchair and were able to bring out a few crayons when asked (the tables are covered in paper). The waiter we had was nice, and was able to answer all the questions we had regarding the menu and wine. It was our first time here, and we had lots of questions. The waiter also made some excellent recommendations regarding dinner.We all ordered different items (appetizers, salads, soups, entree) and were able to sample a lot of the items on the menu. Everything at our table was great. Portions for soups, salads, and appetizers were reasonable. Entree portions were large, and we did have a little left over. This was our first venture into Little Italy since moving here, and I thought we made a great choice!
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,7/12/2013,23,125,,10,2>With no menu to be found online I decided to just call and ask for some more general indian food as well as whatever they recommended to go with it. Fifteen minutes, she told me.Fifteen minute was perfect. I was hungry and some indian food sounded great. She put me down for Chicken Masala (with jeera rice) and Naan. Later I would find out for the great price of about $13.Upon arrival, maybe 10 or 15 minutes later, I realized the entire place was empty. Now I am scratching my head "why?!?!" as the food was delicious! Perhaps just not enough people in the area like indian food.Now I have a paper menu and perhaps I can be more daring than just Chicken Masala.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,7/11/2013,336,288,7,8,5>First, let me start by saying that since I've never been to Mexico or anywhere south of the border for that matter I have no clue what "authentic" Mexican cuisine tastes like. I've seen it on TV as Anthony Bourdain waxes poetic about how great it is to eat seared beef tongue tacos off of a dirty-handed street vendors cart (intestinal distress anyone?) and I've read about it on various foodie blogs over the years. My point is, I have no first-hand experience with the native cuisine. For me, authentic Mexican food means that all of the following criteria have been met by the establishment:1. Food must be prepared by Mexicans. Not having it done this way would be like having your sushi made by an Italian. It's just not right.2. The location in which it is prepared must contain at least three stereotypical items of decor. 3. I must be able to hear the staff communicating with each other in Latin American Spanish (that's an "s" not a "th" thank you).4. I must witness Mexicans eating there at least once during a visit5. At least one television must be broadcasting soccerMi Pueblo passes the test with flying colors. Having been here several times now I think it's safe to say that this is just about as authentic as they come. Everyone that works there appears to have an ethnic tie to the Mexican homeland. The dining area itself is pretty clean. There's a television mounted on the wall, bright red, green and white banners hanging from the ceiling, a sombrero-wearing chili pepper, diner-style laminate topped tables, and plenty of windows. It's nothing to write home about but it gets the job done.The food is the main reason you come here. The menu is huge and the portions are large. For starters, you get a complimentary basket of really brightly colored tortilla chips and two styles of salsa, an orange and a green. I'm not too sure what makes them different (I'm assuming different peppers) but they're both pretty damn spicy. I wouldn't call either of them mild, that's for sure. As you would expect, just about everything comes served with rice and beans. The beans are smooth, perfectly spiced and topped with queso fresco and the rice is, well, as exciting as rice can get. For me, if the rice is cooked it's good rice.I've had the tamales, the burritos (chicken and beef), the tacos, carnitas and the chicken mole and they are all wonderful. Sure, some of the meat is a bit dry and the presentation wouldn't exactly merit a nod from Eric Ripert, but c'mon, this is Mexican home-cookin' at its finest and it's not dumbed down for the American palette. And yes, I have witnessed Latin Americans eating here. That's always a good sign, right? I'm also glad they stopped serving the pickled vegetables with the chips and salsa. I bet those things were just about as popular as the cole slaw at Melt Bar and Grilled.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,7/10/2013,57,281,,3,2>I went here after finding an apartment in Cleveland. The food was really good. We got the cornbread and chickpea fries for apps and they were delicious. The cornbread is served with some sort of rosemary bacon butter which I didn't eat because I'm not a bacon person. The cornbread is enough for 3-4 people (think a 6" circle of it).  I got the Bibb salad and the potato stuffed ravioli and spinach puree, both cooked well and in season. A friend of mine and my mom ordered off the restaurant week menu and weren't disappointed. The apple cobbler is amazing and the ice cream with it is home made! Definitely a restaurant to go back to, but it is a little bit pricey end.  The service was good and we had everything come out the way we wanted!
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,7/9/2013,89,182,4,7,2>Domo arigato, Mr. Roboto,Himitsu wo shiri tai  Oh oh sorry.  I was visiting a friend in need on a  Sunday afternoon for the start of a Sunday Funday!  So she said come down for sushi. I was kind of baffled that a Japanese place downtown was open for Sushi before 5 pm on a Sunday.So I headed down to meet my spunky, punky, female version of what   I was like about 10 years ago ! .     She then discloses that its half price sushi.  Well sometimes you have to just go with the flow. I'm kind of thinking what kind of fish am I going to get for 1/2 price on a Sunday.  We walk in and this place, it is kind of big, really big.  We bellied up to the bar and I said too myself  Chinese Sushi Chef, not to many Chinese in Cleveland but a plethora of Chinese Sushi chefs in the 216.We ask how fresh the fish is and  he was not really getting it, I told my friend to this dude is Chinese, do your thing, she did her Mandarin thing, and they talked for several minutes, it was like they were talking Chinese, Oh wait they were. She said we are good.  It was pretty fresh for someplace on a Great Lakes.  We ordered an assortment of sushi, it was pretty good,  The shrimp tempura was prepared fresh. Hot, crispy, melt in your mouth,  just blended well with the mayo, and veggies.  If the tail crunches in your mouth and is not chewy that means you done good!The tuna was pretty good,actual chunks of tuna and soft avocado. It was deep red and not that light pink stuff.   Salmon was great as well.    Ask before you order as some stuff is not half price if that is a concern!One of the owners gave us a tour of the place.  It is a really cool layout.  Many rooms. All were really cool. This would be the place to have an event or meet up, you know like those young professional, I have a college degree and so do you, so lets screw type of deals. Perfect place to go with your hip, international posse!Oh this place was really low key, but it was a Sunday in DT Clev.Check it out we need a Sushi Bar in our downtown. Think of every big city in this country,  yopu can't go more than a block without running into one. Rock the Sushi   Domo arigato Tomo!
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,7/8/2013,22,51,3,6,5>If I lived on the west side, I would be here all the time.I won't bother repeating all the great things everyone else has said about the ambiance and great service here - I'll just talk about the amazing food that I ate. I came here on a Thursday, their raw food night. We ordered a ton of things to share - the "nrg" soup (from their raw menu), as well as the sunburst salad, on the road sandwich, and fun guy pizza. Every single thing was SO good. I was a little bit nervous about the raw soup, but it was delicious. I'm a sucker for beets, and the salad and sandwich were both amazing. The pizza was incredible too - it was obviously a lot heavier than the other things we got, but it tasted great as leftovers the next day. We also took home a piece of their raw samoa cheesecake, and I couldn't believe that it was raw - it tasted decadent but didn't give you that heavy feeling you get after you eat normal cheesecake.Overall, I wouldn't hesitate to come back here. Even if you feel a little bit unsure about their raw food night, I think it's definitely worth a try - I ended up loving it so much more than I was expecting!
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,7/7/2013,110,405,16,4,5>Dear Yelphouse Forum, I know this will sound made up, but believe me it is all true. Couple nights before New Year's Eve. I was at a swinging party on Lakewood's north side. Me and three girls. Two were sisters! We were all schmoozing, taking pictures, drinking some Stoli and cola. We were talking about some racy movies we had seen recently. You know, like Battlefield Earth and stuff. Now here's where it gets weird. It's about one in the morning. A very sexy time of night. I started to feel this strange sensation take over my body. I was getting a craving. For something hot. Oh yeah, hot and gooey. Something I could rip apart and shove my face in to. A box. Full of pizza. So I left and went down the street. Bars were emptying out. Women were stumbling around, flashing their goods, screaming in ecstasy. Or you know, vomitous sickness. I saw a neon light. Like the kind you see all over the seedy part of town. It said "OPEN". Yeah, that's how I like it. I called the number in the window. A sultry lady's voice cooed over the line, "Thank you for calling Nunzio's, how can I help you?" I had to loosen my tie. "(gulp), I'd like two pizzas. Large." "Large? Okay, what do you want on them?", she purred. I asked for black olives on one. And asked for the other one bare. Mmmmmmm, bare. "Twenty minutes. What's your name?", she beckoned. I could barely speak from the excitement. I waited in my car. I could see there were TWO ladies in the shop. Two exotic Sicilian ladies kneading dough with their firm hands. They wiped sweat from their brows. Oh to be the kitchen towel that caught some of that sweat. Then the big moment came. I went to the door. They told me to come in. She told me the price. This wasn't the first time I'd paid for it. Whipped out my, ahem, debit card. The heat of the pizza shop made me delirious. Like a Bangkok hotel. I stepped out into the cold Cleveland air with my two hot numbers in my arms. I quickly raced home to have my way with my saucy Italian tarts. Let's just say when it was all over, I was beyond satisfied. Late at night, when no one else is available, Nunzio's is the place to go for some cheap fantasy fulfillment. If your fantasy is pizza.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,7/6/2013,100,260,2,7,4>I can't believe it took us so long to check this place out! My friends and I chatted for a couple minutes with the owner, Jason (a really cool guy). He mentioned that more people from our West Park neighborhood are starting to come in, but that, for awhile, people seemed to be intimidated by the outside for some reason. My friend: "Maybe it's the sign with the lion lapping up a pool of blood?"In actuality, the bar could not be more welcoming. Big parking lot, tons of tables, awesome music, really friendly staff and OMG delicious food. The tacos on Taco Tuesday are AWESOME! The taco menu changes each Tuesday somewhat, with really cool combinations. I LOVED the breakfast taco last week - hashbrowns with a runny fried egg, jack cheese and spicy aioli. It was one of the best breakfast-for-dinner foods I've ever had. The biggest problem I can see most people having is that you'll want to try every single taco (5-10 varieties), but they're so large that you can probably only have two or three, tops. My husband regularly orders four, and that is way too much for him (and he can eat A LOT). This is a place I can see making our regular place to eat, have a drink, and meet some of our neighbors.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,7/5/2013,79,298,3,5,4>I've been here twice and keep trying to make excuses to go back! The Bloody Mary cart is where its at! They bring you a glass with vodka in it and you go to the cart to customize the rest yourself. They cart is stocked with dozens of hot sauces, different types of stuffed olives and peppers, and even smokies  right from the West Side Market. Top it off with some crunchy celery or carrots and a strip of bacon and you're in Bloody Mary heaven.I've tried the salmon eggs Benedict and the California omelet, both were great and the ingredients tasted fresh! I want to come back to tackle the rest of the menu items!My next vendetta, trying the mimosa sampler!
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,7/4/2013,146,412,1,3,2>Had a tasting here for Driftwood Catering, which will be catering a really important personal event coming up. It was...delicious. 5 star all the way.Here's what we tried:Baby kale and smoked mozzarella: 5My favorite salad ever! Loved the crispy shallots and roasted apples. It had a really nice sweet, smoky flavor. Mackenzie Salad: 4Goat cheese and salad - huge chunks of fresh local goat cheese and good greens. I enjoyed this one, especially because I like goat cheese, but I think the flavor was a little strong. I enjoyed the baby kale one more.Chris Hodgson's gnocchi: 5It was yum. Just yum. Not too dense, perfect consistency, and good flavor. Shrimp and grits: 5This is my favorite shrimp and grits ever! The beer blanc just makes it interesting. The grits are creamy and the cheese isn't overpowering. The shrimp is huge and very fresh + flavorful.Not on menu: oxtail ragu and pierogies: 5So yummy. The oxtail ragu is superb. Get anything with oxtail in it!6 veg: 3.5Our vegetarian option. The veggies they picked were fresh and amazing, but the combination kept me wanting. I think it's because they're separate veggies on a plate - wish there was more sauce or something to make it feel less like a side.Pan-seared scallops over risotto: 4Really delicious! Great scallops, and the risotto is addictive. I would keep eating it all day if possible.Short ribs: 4.5I didn't try this one, but my beau loved them! Definitely try this dish.There you have it. Yum.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,7/3/2013,7,97,2,5,3>One word: amazing. Sanctuary on Green is truly a sanctuary; you enter another world the moment you pull into the Koehns' Bavarian-themed property (their residence, a sculpture garden, tea house, and gift shop all in one) off Green Road. We were astounded by the beauty of the sculpture garden on a late spring Saturday afternoon: amazing wood and stone carvings everywhere including around a quaint little pond, green grass and tall leafy trees, welcoming hammocks swinging in the breeze, a giant wind chime, brightly colored flags, and places to sit and meditate and take it all in. In the house, there's a gift shop packed with trinkets and tchotchkes of all kinds, and then of course there's the tea house. There are seatings (indoors and outdoors) at 11:30am and 1:30pm, Wednesday through Saturday (March through October), and bookings are recommended but not essential. We sat outside on the patio overlooking the wetlands and enjoyed the most leisurely lunch in the cool breeze under the shade of the trees. The waitresses could not have been friendlier, service was attentive, and the food -- all of it organic with plenty of vegan options -- was delicious. Our soups (the cauliflower, and the gazpacho) were fantastic and so were our mains (the sausage with sauerkraut, and the macrobiotic plate packed with salads and fruits). But it was the dessert that really blew us away -- best flaky apple strudel and real hand-ground chocolate mousse I've ever had. The bill for 2 appetizers, 2 mains, 2 desserts, and 1 iced Assam tea came to $65, so it wasn't a cheap lunch, but it was totally worth it for the quality of food, service, and most of all the experience that you get. The Koehns have lovingly created a place that is a true gift to the public; I look forward to visiting it again and again.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,7/2/2013,45,266,,4,3>I have so many good things to say. Where to begin.There was about a 45min wait on a Saturday evening. So someone else must like this place too. The waiting is painless though as the bar area in the entrance is just a bar, lots of barstools, a lot of standing room and a little wall shelf running along all the walls so that you can get a drink and sit at the bar or claim a small area of the wall and have somewhere to put all your stuff. I had a winter margarita that was really different and good, the rim was sugar and it was...had to explain but good.We got seated and there was a fireplace right next to our table to keep us warm. The salmon I got was wonderful and the curried cream corn was so amazing I had everyone else try it.Once it's warm out I would love to go back and sit outside. They have an area entirely made of stone - the ground, tables, benches everything. And in the middle of this area are multiple fireplaces with big stone chimneys. Apparently some people will even sit out there and drink whiskey by the fire in the cool evenings.They also have an indoor bocce ball area and an outdoor area in the back. They have bocce ball tournaments there and a trophy by the bar.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,6/30/2013,7,32,,3,2>I love West Side Market!  This place is absolutely one of Cleveland's treasures.  When I go here, I feel like I am transported to an open air market in a foreign country (albeit that the market is covered).  You have all these market stalls under one roof selling everything from choice cuts of meat to fresh fruit and vegetables.  There's plenty of parking and now that it's summer, there is usually a band playing across the street.  It's a great place to plan an urban picnic, go to the market and load up on pastries and drinks and then head across the street to enjoy live music and people watching. :)
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,6/29/2013,167,334,2,4,3>FANCY SCHMANCY!  I haven't dined here, so I can't speak on the food (although it looked delish).I drank, and I drank, and I drank some more (oh, and I finagled a slice of the heaven they make at the bar called BACON!).  That bacon was the best bacon I've ever had.  It was like dessert bacon.  O how I wanted to take the bacon home and have it the next morning for breakfast.  Le sigh...CROP YOU SHOULD DO BRUNCH and give the gift of bacon & bloody Marys to the CLE!Ok, on to the drinks.  They were good.  Top shelf.  High Quality & not quite as high priced as VTR (thank the baby Jesus for that!).  There was some fun people watching too.  I've been hiding in a cave of late, so I forgot that CLE had some high-rollin' kind of people.  It was amazing to watch the pick-ups that were happening (or trying to happen) in this joint!  But hey, if you're gonna pick someone up...do it in a swank joint! Go to Crop.  You'll thank me.And the other Yelpers!
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,6/28/2013,22,123,1,6,2>You have to understand that a five star review for a salon, from me, is serious business.  It seems like every year I give a professional a chance with my hair and I've had everything from mullets to green hair to orange hair to W.T.F.   I have very dense, thick, curly hair and finding someone that can cut it correctly is like finding a horcrux and getting the haircolor right is like a Housewive's reunion with no yelling!  So, based on the other review, I nervously made an appointment with Melissa.  I was impressed from the moment I walked in with the professionalism of the staff.  Since my last horrible experience, I actually considered cosmetology school and bought and read all of the textbooks the Paul Mitchell school here had on their curriculum.    Now, based on my education, I observed everything.   From consultation, to cut, to color, I knew exactly what I should expect of Professionals and that is what I received.  The cut is perfect, the color is perfect, and, most importantly, my husband LOVED it when I got home!   Thank God, because he would have thrown me out otherwise when he looked at that dent in our checking account.   Melissa cut and foiled my hair, Louie finished the color and shampooed me, and Gina helped her blow dry my hair as I'd been there three hours already - it was closing time!  All were very nice.  I actually talked the most to Louie and found out that he works for Redken and travels the country teaching stylists about coloring.  He did confirm that Melissa is famous for her skills cutting thick hair.    I only have one negative thing to say and that is some hair color did get on the back of my shirt.   Fortunately it was black.    It was a little chaotic while I was there, though.   They are busy because they are great!  This is a New York salon experience right here in northeast Ohio and I'm very grateful to have found Laus Deo!  I am even enjoying the Redken products that I purchased.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,6/27/2013,40,84,,4,2>I love Playhouse Square. They always have wonderful shows and bring in the best in any type of show business. Playhouse continues to invest in the neighborhood around it, which is also wonderful. It's certainly done great things for the revitalization of the city. The ushers are always cheerful and helpful and wishing you a good night as you leave! You can't beat having Broadway productions visit your city and Playhouse Square is probably one of the nicest places people could perform. I've visited the theater district in Chicago and it's nice enough, but I do love how almost all of the major theaters at Playhouse Square are connected. PLUS they recently renovated some of the smaller theaters, so Cleveland State and other colleges and local programs can move in and use the spaces as well.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,6/26/2013,36,181,,4,3>I live within 10 minutes of Bistro 185, and drive back and forth past it all the time.  I stopped in a week or so ago for Happy Hour and am I glad that I did.   The Happy Hour menu didn't disappoint.   I ordered the cold Asian Peanut Noodles and the Panko breaded shrimp, at $5 each.   The noodles arrived just a little bit pasty, but as they warmed to room temperature, they became more saucy and even more tasty.  The noodles are full of fresh veggies and the portion is fairly generous.  The shrimp arrive, hot, crunchy and very tasty.   I also ordered that day's special drink ($5), which was a pear margarita.  It was very good, except I prefer a sugar rim and it arrived with a salted rim (my fault).  I will definitely return for Happy Hour and also can't wait to try the lunch and dinner menu
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,6/25/2013,36,127,1,6,3>The Drew Carey Bar :)$2.25 domestic bottles, pool tables, juke box, great service, friendly crowd, huge outside patio, clean bathrooms - what is not to love?  The bartender even invited us back for a huge charity event they have every year.  I have never eaten here, and I am actually not sure if they even serve food?  They do have a hot dog machine and bags of munchies.      I always have to stop if I am in the neighborhood!
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,6/24/2013,76,89,2,3,3>So trying to go here on a Saturday night with a group (even a small one) at about 9:45 pm may not be the smartest idea. But they get you seated relatively quickly (like 30 mins) and the drinks are still a-waitforit......... - MAZING!!!!Best Old Fashioned by a mile and then some....Also, deserts. Try their deserts. Amazing Gelato - chocolatey with mini chunks of amazing dark chocolate. YUM!
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,6/23/2013,353,269,1,6,4>I think this was my first local place to "bookmark" on Yelp!  I am so glad I read a review & put it on my list!Went there with my boyfriend & son on a Saturday afternoon, 12:30, actually.  We took the last table- right away we knew it was meant to be!  Others behind us had a long wait, but none of them seemed to care- they waited outside and it was 35 degrees! I nuzzled into my chair, enjoying the bitchin' chairs!  The interiors were fabulous!  It is very warm & welcoming. I love the tables, chairs, graphics, etc. & the menu is so damn cool!  The space itself is small, but well designed!  I posted a picture of the bathroom because I liked it so much!We ordered the mac & cheese with brisket for the three of us to share- O M G!  This stuff was the real thing!  Seriously, wow!  Almost drooling thinking about it!  We also shared some truffle fries, which were fantastic!Boyfriend & I split the Mikey burger- so freaking good!  My son had the Flipside and loved every bite.Our service was outstanding.  I would recommend this place to anyone!
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,6/22/2013,32,55,3,3,2>This place is the real deal. Come here for a good "casada"- homemade meal with a protein, rice, beans, and plantains.  Everything was well made, the service was great, and the prices more than reasonable. I'll be back when I get my next latin american food craving.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,6/21/2013,88,79,2,3,3>Prosperity Social Club was first introduced to me by co-workers at the Flying Fig. I have been going there somewhat loosely for over two years now.I am surprised that so few people have mentioned the karaoke nights (the 3rd Monday of every month), given that it's the best karaoke I've experienced in Cleveland. The host is awesome, there's usually some good singers, and the crowd is friendly enough to clap along with people who are struggling through a tune.They have this pear cider on tap. It's delicious.I have been coming here more lately, as it's not quite as crowded as some of our favorite spots on West 25th. Everyone is friendly, the patrons, the staff, the owner. And they play TMC on their TV's. I watched parts of the Dead Poets Society the other evening.And when you're finished with your drinking, you can grab a friend and hit the playground across the street for some swinging, with the Cleveland skyline off in the distance.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,6/20/2013,118,61,8,9,7>EAT THIS, LOTS OF IT:Hawaiian Tuna Tartare.  You've never had tuna tartare before, you say.  I don't like raw tuna, you say.  Well, let me tell you something: I lost my tuna tartare virginity to Dante and daaaaaamn girl, it was SINFUL good.  Perfectly seasoned minced tuna garnished with a heavenly poached egg, crispy potato strips and drizzled with kalamata olive remoulade?  Um, symphony of flavors and textures getting crunk in your mouth?  Take a bow, Dante.  Take a bow.EAT THIS TOO:The homemade array of ice creams and sorbets.  Deceptively tiny, incredibly delicious and immensely satisfying!  And in general, for romantic nights out, the 5-course standard tasting menu is a good deal and a culinary home-run.AVOID THIS LIKE THE PLAGUE:Late Night Noodle Menu/Happy Hour.  Just...don't.  Soup base was a lukewarm, over-salted mess.  Asked for pork broth, found beef, was told all broths are really the same.  Miso was actually cooked to graininess for the miso ramen.  Literally had to dilute my overcooked miso ramen with all my drinking water to make it palatable.  Pass, pass, and pass.  THIS IRKS ME:The exclusive vault seating is super hard to book!  Sometimes on weekend evenings, the waitstaff can be overwhelmingly numerous and hovering.  Some of the tables are situated in high-traffic, awkward corners so everyone and their mama walks through your personal space.  Mood lighting in the evenings is romantic but a little extreme--when you have to pull out your flashlight app to read your menu or see what you're eating at the dinner table, maybe it's time to throw in a few more candles.BUT...I'M STILL IN LOVE:Renovated former bank interior oozes modern sophistication, elegance and intimacy.  All the dishes are lovely in plating and like Lola, imaginative in fusing flavors--predominantly Italian/Mediterranean and Asian.  They take their meat seriously--all meats in the charcuterie appetizer are cured in-house!--but they're also vegan and vegetarian-friendly.  Small but respectable beer list, extensive wine list.  Staff are friendly and accommodating and the bar offers killer cocktails.RSVP NOW:Yourself, for some romantic me-time.  Your squeeze, for some romantic squeeze-time.  Best friends, for a easy and luxurious treat.  Business associates, for instant kudos.  Any strangers you want to impress, because if it's swanky impressions you're seeking, Dante delivers.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,6/19/2013,1600,312,6,11,10>The sweetest ending to a perfect night happened at Sweet Moses.  Not just because they have a happy selection of ice cream options (including dairy-free!) and add-ins (pretzel pieces.. and that caramel sauce!), or that their confectioner's display case is filled with I-want-one-of-everything options, or that they offer peanut butter sandwiches filled with bacon, marshmallow, Nutella, banana or preserves, or that their sundaes are stacked sky-high (whipped cream and a cherry on top!), or that everything is homemade and prepared the way soda shops used to.  Sweet Moses is sweet because of the people who work there and the joy they promote (wrapped in a cozy dose of nostalgia).
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,6/18/2013,26,62,2,2,2>Oh, my, gosh do I just love Carriage House! The owner (who only recently obtained ownership-- Spring 2012) might be one of the nicest, most genuinely good people I have encountered. It is truly a meal you can feel good about! (definitely more warm fuzzy feelings than if you buy some mass produced chain-restaurant meal) You can tell that they put effort, time, and careful planning into their food. It really is refreshing!Now, thats all wonderful you may say, but it would mean nothing if the food wasn't amazing.. and it is! We go in the morning to grab brunch and then grab our dinner for later. Obviously, several desserts to accompany our feasting as well. (Never skip getting at least a cookie or brownie.. they are so delicious!) Many of the desserts are really inventive and different, but they always have classics as well. This is also a great place to get holiday pies. In their savory section, they usually offer a quiche, some soup, some slow-roasted meat, vegetable salad, etc. We can ALWAYS find a delicious combination of vegetarian items to make up a tasty meal. I appreciate this! They will offer you tastes of the food if you aren't quite sure. (Don't bother tasting it.. it's delicious!)Another great aspect of this bakery (which I am not sure if its even the right word, I go in for the food) is that they have local handmade goods for sale in the shop. Cute purses, decorations and other nice gifts. It is nice to see a local restaurant offering this type of service to artists! And very fun to look at if there happen to be a couple people ahead of you. Do yourself a giant favor and check out this bakery (which is so much more than 'just' a bakery). Do check their hours though.. as of January 2013, they are closed on sundays and mondays.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,6/17/2013,342,426,5,6,4>Woohoo! This place was great.After trying two times to go to this place (and each time it was closed-watch their hours and the days they are open!), we finally got to go to Helvetica tonight.... and loved it.The inside is simple yet super designed. A small cafe, the walls are lined with records, and modern art-including a large face drawn onto the wall, and some wood fixtures. There's comfy bench seating all around the cafe as well. To top it off, each of the tables has a white paper and crayons...so you can draw on it! I found it amusing that every couple in the cafe was drawing on the tables with crayons. Helvetica has an amazing selection for juices.  We got the Curuba (an exotic banana passion drink with soy milk.... it was REALLY good!) and the aguapanela. We ordered two tacos- the barbacoa (good) and the broccoli slaw- my fave, but man, it was SPICY! For dessert, we ordered the Maduro crepe- it came out in a coffee cup (so cool!), with the cinnamon plantains in yogurt, with a wafer on top. Man, that was GOOOD!!This place is definitely cool and hip. I absolutely love the juices too. I'll be back to you, Helvetica! A must go!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,6/16/2013,129,81,3,5,3>If you are an Aries like myself....you know what you want. At Barrio...you get what you want. This build your own taqueria is a perfect addition to the neighborhood. Since my first time, I have brought many friends to try this gem and I have heard how they go back time after time. Actually, last night I spotted a friend who brought her bf for date night on the patio! Perfect!The atmosphere is chill and the staff are friendly and will get you whatever you are looking for from a marg, to your choice of hot sauce or more chips and salsa if you haven't had enough after your first basket.The tacos are literally going to be what you want. You pick. Soft? Hard? Beans/Tofu/or your choice of meat then you add on your toppings, salsas, cheeses. It really is that easy. And they aren't these wimpy tacos. they are packed. And you can add on extra beans, rice, cheese, sour cream...whatever you want.It is first come first served. You have been warned. So if you need a table for a group I suggest getting someone to go early, put your name in, then sit at the bar and have a drink and relax. There is a list of drinks to choose from. I've never been disappointed but always head back to the signature or blueberry marg.Obviously I've been a few times....and plan on going back many more! Def want to try their new brunch menu. Enjoy!
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,6/15/2013,45,258,,4,2>Love Civilization. Great little hub to get your Cup o' Joe, grab a little breafast item or sweet treat, or just hang out and relax. Coffee sizes are different here than other places. The "small" is in fact a small, not a starbucks large-coffee-chain supersized "small." Some may see this as a negative, but I think it's a good thing. We need to right-size our portions! Coffee itself is good, and I have never had a bad one here yet. I used to stop in for a breakfast sandwich or croissant in the mornings when I was on the way to work, so it was convenient for me. They also have some delectable chocolate treats, one of which is the chocolate macaroon. YUM and oh my what a splurge that is. This coffee shop, unlike many others stands out to me because they serve some actual tasty food items. So, my recommendation? Go.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,6/14/2013,48,84,2,3,3>Ambiance: 5.  A lot of things make up a perfect brunch in my eyes, and BonBon has almost all of them.  Large glass windows- check.  Limited tables- check.  Quick but not pushy service- check.  Comfortable neighborhood "I live here" feel- check.  Would love to see them get a few makeshift tables outside in the summer, not sure if they do that or not since we were there just a couple weeks ago.Cost: 3. A tad overpriced versus portions for Cleveland, BUT I would say that Lucky's Café nearby is similar or worse price points and most choose to ignore price there also.  Give BonBon some wiggle room.Food Quality: 4. Silver Dollar pancakes solid choice, but Breakfast Nachos were legitimate.  Almost a five, but the chorizo topping was a bit crispy and too minced.  However, would still order it again in a heartbeat.  Omelets looked great around us.Service: 5. A few reviews were hating on the service so I want to set the record straight: all the tables were full (we were took last table when we sat down) and we had pretty much what I consider perfect, but not rushed, service.  Knew menu well, drink refills promptly, but we never felt rushed.When to return:  Brunch.  Pre-West Side Market Saturday shopping spree.  Cold wintertime day for coffee or pastry run.  Warm summer day for some mimosa's and eggs.  Meeting up with an old friend and catching up over coffee and a snack.Note: I really wanted to give this place a 5 since it looks like there's tons of old, limited reviews bogging them down, but can't pull the trigger until I make it there at least one more time to make sure my experience wasn't a lucky fluke.  And if you're reading this far, you already realize this is a 5 star review if you don't care about money.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,6/13/2013,76,112,3,5,2>It was Christmas weekend. Our friends were home from NYC and we needed somewhere that would fit our party of seven. Yikes... all of our fave places turned us away on such short notice. Press is new... and I've been wanting to try it - but I was thinking it would be something The Boy and I did quietly one weeknight - in case it sucked. ;) I called the restaurant and the hostess was so helpful. Even though they didn't have a ton of big tables available, she worked some magic and got us in! Ok... at least we had a place now. No guarantees at this point how good the place would be. When you walk in, they've created a small entryway with wine crates and corkboard that was SO charming. I immediately started wondering which hall in my loft I could duplicate it with. The inside was completely redone... dark wood and an amazing built out brick wine cellar with floor to ceiling glass. Our table was right next to it and I was in love with how chic it looked. The vibe in this place is amazing. The boy and I ordered a Malbec that was very reasonably priced... and really tasty. The cellar had it at a perfect cool-end of room temp and it tasted perfect. The waiter was super friendly and knew the perfect balance of checking in and moving our table along. We never felt rushed - but he came by often. He was a self-described red drinker though, and couldn't help with one of our friend's pinot grigio selection. He did, however, offer help from their sommelier. And, they enjoyed their bottle. Food. Omg. We had mussels, scallops....delish! We ordered the large meat/cheese board which had some really tasty cuts and preserves served with flatbread. My only suggestion would be for them to offer a second type of bread. The crackery flatbread was good... but a soft bread might have been a nice compliment. AND then... OMG. I ordered the breakfast pizza. I died... went to heaven... and came back just to write this review. The "sauce" is a butternut squash puree. Then - maple breakfast sausage (sagey) and poached egg. Whaaaaat?!!! This was incredible. Not really sweet... not too savory. Not even really all that breakfasty - but delicious. Order it. Seriously. Press is a great addition to Tremont. Good food, good wine, good service. I'm sold.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,6/10/2013,143,231,3,7,4>If you are the type to judge a restaurant by looks then you might want to skip over this place because it sure doesn't look good and even the inside is a transplant back to I don't know, the 70's? Whatever it is, it's been A LONG TIME since they place had a makeover.....if ever. Now the food? OMG, the food. It's your typical greasy spoon diner. You're not going to find no fancy salmon eggs benedict here but you will find some food that is overflowing off your plate, that fills you up and leaves your wallet still with cash in it. Also, the honest truth here is the waitstaff isn't the friendliest but you know what, who cares. I'm here to eat and leave and they give me my food quick and my check quicker and I'm OK with that. If you are expecting $100 meal service- go elsewhere but I'm paying under $20 for 2 people and I'm fine with their "eat & get out" attitude.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,6/9/2013,105,146,3,2,2>What has there been said that hasn't been said yet about Ranchero's? Not much else except that this place will keep me coming back for more while I'm living in Ohio. Our tacos (beef tongue and chorizo) came with beautifully made-in-house tortillas, and were put together with simple ingredients like cilantro, fresh limes, and grilled or chopped onions. None of that white cheese to be seen for miles. 3 tacos per person was more than enough, and I was pleasantly full by the time we were ready to get our checks. I also had a lemon margarita on the rocks for 5 dollas (HOLLA!) with TEQUILA. REAL TEQUILA. None of that garbagey pre-packaged margarita mix junk here. This is the only Mexican restaurant I am endorsing in Akron/Cleveland, and they deserve every single red star.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,6/8/2013,82,418,,3,3>Great place for vegetables at a discount price.  More for buy and use than buy for later as some are very close to the end of their shelf life.Local lettuce all year round from the Hartville greenhouses, deli case that makes sandwiches, local pastry and bread, friendly staff. Good cheese dairy selection too.During the warm months you can see palates of produce and flowers all around the front entrance from Route 91.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,6/7/2013,107,133,2,6,3>The sandwiches here are darn good.  They are also very large so come hungry.  Delicious, not greasy.  I prefer mine wet, with crunch (+ potato chips on top).  The first time I went here I got the sandwich dry, because... aren't sandwiches usually dry?  Well, dry is way too dry.  Really, the jus is what makes these sandwiches succulent and delicious, and it's a must.A good number of their ingredients are pretty spicy, which was a bit of an issue for us because of our low spice tolerances.  But any sorts of substitutions are allowed, and they were very patient with all of our questions, haha.One time we went there at 7 pm on a Wednesday and they... ran out of food??  Got there just as they were putting up the notice on their door.  That was a very sad, sandwichless night.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,6/6/2013,31,64,,9,3>I wanted to sample everything that was ordered at my table, it looked so good! We shared the tavern chips and they were tasty.  I had the chicken cheese steak, and I would definitely get it again! The others entrees at my table my friends raved about were the prime rib sandwich, flatbread pizza, and the cuban sandwich. They give you a lot of fries. The service was good in that, without asking or being told she split the appetizer among the bill and the checks so we didn't need to explain. I thought this was observant and thoughtful. I left full with no complaints!  Also, take advantage of the complimentary valet parking.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,6/5/2013,95,116,3,3,2>While I've been busy consuming greasy MSG-overloaded local Chinese chains dishes, this little miraculous joint has been blossoming unnoticed by me. You come in sceptical - hole in the wall in the heart of the ghetto - and you leave reborn. Soups....Every single time I promise myself to have some more adventurous meal and here I am - jumping in my soup head first and refusing to come to the surface. So darn good. I know nothing of Vietnam, to my own shame won't find it on the map, but if they have soups like this one - I am moving. Freshly made for each customer, succulent, delicious...In Russia we say there is no second sort of freshness, always only first, in this restaurant, they don't just say it, they make it a reality. Fresh everything - herbs, meats, dumplings, sauces... This restaurant could be located in the middle of the minefield , people would still make it here to eat. So couple of tips: soups are enormous, even small ones, don't order soup and an entree, its impossible to finish; and hide all of electronics in your car under the seat. Well you probably knew that.P.S. And also incredibly cheap!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,6/4/2013,55,83,1,3,3>Prove me wrong. You can't. I've done all my homework. Europeans best has the best fish fry buffet in NE Ohio. There. I said it. Seriously. Perch, pierogies, cabbage and noodles, potato pancakes, macaroni and cheese, cole slaw, soup and much more. You'll be satisfied and stuffed when you leave. The very friendly staff will see to that. But remember, it's cash or check only at this place.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,6/3/2013,20,501,,4,4>I am a lifelong Cleveland Indians fan, and have been to this ballpark from the day that it opened.  Sometimes the product on the field is not the greatest, but the venue is among the best.   Sight lines are very good.  Most seats are roomy, some a bit cramped, but no more than any other sports venue.  Visually stunning building, with classic architecture and views of downtown Cleveland.  The various scoreboard keep you informed with pitch counts, pitch speeds, and the usual box score items.  Then there is the food and souvenirs.  Most souvenirs are a bit pricey, but there is a very creative selection of items.  It is nice that the basic food and beer prices are lower this year.  I also like the local flavor selections that tend to change each season.  This place has a lot of great memories for me, and I hope to see more memorable things here in the future.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,6/2/2013,29,56,2,9,5>What a great addition to the Gordon Square neighborhood!The back splash on the bar is very unique. It is made of multiple empty bottles cemented into the wall. Some of the bottles go all of the way through the wall and the sun shines through depending on the time of day. Beautiful!! They also had a great playlist of music in the background.I started off with a Chardonnay and the boyfriend had a Moscow Mule. The menu is mostly tapas, so its a great place to share food with someone else. We ordered the cheese plate to start off with, which was fantastic. The cheeses change depending on what the local producers have on hand. I then had the cheese ravioli and my man had the beef and leek (tart?). Both of our meals were delicious! It was just enough food for a light dinner. Toast seems like a great place to have a coupe of drinks and just hang out.The staff was incredibly friendly, and word on the street is they will be adding a patio soon :)
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,6/1/2013,227,138,5,8,3>i cant say enough about this place and how much I love it.  The bartenders are great and usually are waiting, serving and cooking for the entire bar at times.  The wings are great and I have included a few pics of the HUGE variety of wing flavors.  Thai Peanut, Horseradish Ranch, Jalapeno Parmesian and Mighty Maple are some of the best.  Mondays is mug night where you bring in ANY size mug and they fill it for $1.75.  Sure, the sign says 30 oz max mug but these bartenders are great and will fill it to the rim.  $1.00 Taco Tuesdays.  $3.99 steak dinner Saturdays.  All good and even better service.  A ton of TVs around the bar so there is never a bad seat.  There is also nothing better than having a stomach full of wings and beer after during a Browns game and getting your bill and and its well under $20.  The prices are incredibly low.  Bottom line is Pounders is a local bar with a local feel.  Where bartenders remember your name upon  your return and make you want to come back again
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,5/31/2013,10,41,4,8,3>I got really sick of buying gym memberships that I would have to renew every year for use of the pool, the basketball court, the wobbly old pool tables, etc...when all I wanted to do was use the treadmill, the elliptical, lift some weights and then GO THE FLOCK HOME. That's it. I don't like using public showers. I don't like changing in public. And I HATE having to wait in LINE to use one of the three treadmills at my old gym. When I came into this gym, it was like a light bulb turned on. Its not even 3 minutes away from my house, seemingly endless parking, no nasty shower, no nasty locker room, no old ladies in shower caps milling around aimlessly half nude (shudder). AND its right next to a tanning salon! I love that there is always equipment available. And it ALL WORKS! It was so frustrating to see out of order signs posted on machines for months. Its clean too. They really take care and pride in the place. No limit to how long you spend on any of the machines either. If you want to walk on that treadmill for 2 hours straight, go for it. There's no 20 minute time limit postings blaring you in the face. There are plenty of machines! At least 6 flat screens in front of the cardio equipment too, in case that's important to you.Love this gym! It enables normal people to exercise and get on with their lives. No, there may not be a sauna, or a pool, or a Foosball table, but if you want to get fit, healthy, and tight, this would be just as good as any other place.Only downside is that everything is very close together. It's not the biggest gym in the world, but they literally crammed everything you could possibly need for fitness into this space. If you don't mind being right next to someone as you work out, then it shouldn't bother you (it really doesn't bother me). And that's only if it's crowded. Honestly, even at its "peak" hours, its not as bad as some of the rec centers in the area. Long story short, definitely worth a try. Haven't tried the personal training they have available, but its good to know its there if I ever felt like it.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,5/30/2013,70,153,3,7,5>Nee How is a great alternative to the big Asian groceries downtown (Asia Foods, Tink Holl, Park To Shop). They have an impressive variety of goods (for the size of the store) that cater to most Asian cuisines (Chinese, Korean, Thai, Filipino, Japanese, Viet), and they do so with surprisingly competitve prices. I was even able to find some items that none of the big three carry.On top of their selection, the owner is an extremely friendly, enthusiastic guy that you could just shoot the shit with as you're shopping. A completely different experience than what you get downtown with the language barrier and business-like personalities you'll often find with 99% of the workers.The biggest draw for me is their unrivaled booze selection. 10+ varieties of Japanese and Chinese wines including the elusive nigori (unfiltered) sake. Six-packs and tall cans of imported beer such as San Miguel, Red Horse, Kirin, Singha, and Tiger... I was in heaven. The six-packs will run you for about $10.90 which isn't bad at all considering the rarity of the brands. They were unfortunately missing Korean items such as soju and Hite beer, but already they had more than any of the stores downtown had to offer so I can't even complain.Nee How is a great suburban find with cheap products, good booze, and friendly service. Definitely stop by, especially if you don't want to deal with packed aisles, long lines, and the smell of fish. 4.5
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,5/29/2013,78,264,2,3,2>When you take something in for framing, first and foremost - you don't want it f'd up. Second, you want it framed capably and with a beautiful final product. Custom Picture Framing delivers on all fronts. Don't let the simple name and easy-to-miss storefront deter you. This is the real deal - people who've been doing custom framing for years and really know what they're doing.I recently took two things to be framed here. First was a poster/picture type of thing. Pretty straightforward with just a frame added - no mat or glass needed. Second was a very delicate paper cutting we bought on our recent trip to Asia. This is a hand-cut intricate paper cutting from very thin tissue paper. It came with its own mat so I needed a frame and glass to hold the cutting in place. Both pieces together cost less than $100. I was satisfied with this since they did such a nice job and the extra care and glass required for the paper cutting. I couldn't be happier with how both items turned out. The backs are secured with paper glued to the frame and a secure wire with mounting hardware included - a real professional job. If you want some sort of special way to hang your framed item, I'm sure they would do anything possible to accomodate your request. With such a specialty delicate item as the paper cutting, I was nervous but they did a superb job with it. There are some things you could take to JoAnn Fabrics with your 40% off coupon for framing, and then there are times when you need a professional. Find your local framing professional at Custom Picture Framing on Madison in Lakewood. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,5/28/2013,21,228,3,5,4>I went to lunch with some co-workers today. Given that this is the same crew that dragged me to ZZ's Big Top for lunch a couple months ago, I must confess, my expectations were pretty low (and seeing a car parked on the sidewalk leading to the front door did little to encourage me). I had heard a lot about AJ's - what a great lunch place it was, how the steak sandwiches were the best, and how they closed to move and remodel. However, I was surprised when we walked through the front door and to find myself in an upscale, European dining hall. Okay, maybe it wasn't quite like that, but still more decorous than I expected. The waitress was very nice, and adding a cucumber to my ice water was a nice touch. For lunch I went with the French Dip sandwich, and it had the perfect balance of prime rib, horseradish, and mushrooms - complemented by a flavorful Au Jus sauce. Probably the best French Dip I have had in a long time. Nicely done.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,5/27/2013,140,180,5,8,6>If you don't come here for the great, reasonably priced antiques and vintage goodies, come to talk to Bob.  He's the friendly, chatty proprietor of this place, and has been for 35 years.  Bob is great.They have a great selection of military books and items, vintage costume jewelry, metal and glass containers, furniture, hats, housewear and ephemera. The prices are really reasonable compared to other antiques shops.The building itself is an antique as well!  It's one of Avon's earliest buildings, complete with creaky, wide plank wood floors, curious alcoves and slim passageways.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,5/26/2013,82,187,2,6,3>Great ambiance here.  The glory holes release the perfect amount of mood lighting and the chocolate wine and champagne of beers really adds to it. I had stopped in the shop to check it out before, but finally decided to try my hand at this glass blowing thing.Caution: HOT.It was super fun, chill, and informative.  The actual duration of my hands on glass experience was about 10-15 minutes, and I'm probably going to go back for more.  They really let you figure it out on your own with not too much help, so you feel like you created your piece on your own.  I just went back to pick it up and am so proud.  Even though they probably all look the same, I like to think mine is the best.I love the location and will surely stop back again, probably with some friends.  Stop in next time you park at the West Side Market!  You will (most likely) be welcomed with open arms.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,5/25/2013,68,169,2,5,4>As a lover of spice and multi cultural traditional fare I really LOVED Udupi Cafe.  I found this restaurant when searching for Vegetarian establishments and was extremely pleased.  I had learned there was a buffett, however it was not available during my visit.  I am not very familiar with Indian food, however I tried the appetizer platter.  It appeared fried however it was not soaked in grease.  I did really enjoy it.  I also ordered Chana Masala but was turned onto the Chana Bathura.  delcious!  reminded me of a cedar point elephant ear without the sugar.  this was delicious and left me very full.  My girlfriend had a curry dish that was exquisite.  I CANT WAIT to go back here.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,5/24/2013,28,94,3,6,2>Don't miss this place!Four of us went here for dinner on a recent friday night to cash in a groupon, and I wish I had come to this place sooner!  Everything was terrific Sterle's serves up Slovenian and Eastern European comfort food in a festive atmosphere with friendly service.Although the prices for the entrees are a little high, the portions are very large, so you could eat the leftovers for a yummy lunch the next day.  We ordered the wienerschnitzel, some sort of roast pork and the chicken paprikash, as well as mashed potatoes and a side of green beans.  The wiener schnitzel was absolutely the winner, followed closely by the chicken.  It's not in the best neighborhood, but it's easy to find and has a convenient parking lot.  We saw a sign saying they're planning to open a beer garden there this summer.  Awesome!The food is great, but the best thing about this place is the atmosphere.  with the old-country chalet feel to the beautiful bright scenic murals of Slovenian landscapes on to the wall, to the ling tables of multiple generations of families enjoying a night out together, to the sweet old couples dancing to the live accordion music on the dance floor, you'll feel like you're crashing a long-lost Slovenian cousin's wedding.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,5/23/2013,74,71,3,2,3>I don't know exactly what it is that I love so much about Happy Dog, but this is definitely one of my favorite places in CLE.  Maybe it's the dive-y atmosphere, maybe it's the great selection of beers, maybe it's those tots - whatever it is, it keeps pulling me back for more. I will say that I've never ordered a hotdog from this place (a sin, i know!) but I've done the drinks and the tots (including the never ending list of dipping sauces) and they're both freaking awesome.  I've always had great service here and honestly, it beats my expectations for a place that can get incredibly packed and has more of a bar feel than restaurant.  I've never waited long for a food order, nor has any group I've been with, and if the crowd isn't too large you can have some pretty great conversations with one of the many awesome bartenders.  Again, I'm not sure what it is that keeps luring me back so if you want see why I love this little place so much I guess you have to experience it for yourself.  The bf and I have taken plenty of out of towners to Happy Dog and every single one of them has always made it a point for us to take them back.  There's something about it, now you just need to go to find out!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,5/22/2013,75,131,5,6,4>There are things that leave me speechless (yes, ME.) I heard the other day of Loganberry books online, and after looking at pics and such, was intrigued. After wending my way to Larchmere, I found a spot to park, and walked down the front of an unassuming book shop, Loganberry Books...And I walked into a combination of a museum, a bibliophiles fondest wishes...and a TARDIS. The tiny front of this store is deceptive, for within, you shall find a VAST cavern of classic, mostly used but some new volumes of lore. Old to new,  obscure to mainstream, met my eyes as I walked back into this massive store that I was speechless. So much classic bookage was there...it was a breathtaking delight. The store is warm, not just in the literal sense, but the architecture, furniture, the shelves and floors give the place the feel of a museum that Indiana Jones would be proud to administer. Their fiction section? HUGE. With glass cases full of classics, from Science Fiction to Westerns. The rest of the store is packed with so much amazing literature, that I spent no small amount of time just looking around; browsers WILL be happy. Then, there is the Sanctuary. In the very rear of the store is a room full of such leather-bound delight (no, it's books, get your mind away from there,) that I was awed. Volumes that were printed well before my Grandmother was born grace the woody shelves, and beckon to be read. Penny novels, whole collections of poetry, classics...need I say more?Yeah, I do sound a little goofy here, but you know what; I APPRECIATE A GOOD SHRINE TO THE WRITTEN WORD! And this, my friends, is it. One of the few difficulties here is they only have street parking, but this is no mass-market shop my friends, this is for a SERIOUS bibliophile. Their prices are good, and the place is more comfortable than a comfy couch, so it's a good place to consider your purchases. Also, they do order books, so if you're in need, you can ask and they may be able to find it for you. My advice, go check out Loganberry, it's a sweet deal for the literary heart:)
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,5/21/2013,37,38,6,9,8>So the boys and girls of Crust are up, running and have figured out what they're going to do.  Things have changed somewhat in the little shop across from Visible Voice.  Not bad changes, mind you; just changes.I first encountered Crust on a soft-open mode night many moons ago and picked up some by-the-slice to go.  They were normal sized slices and they were $2 a-pop.  Nowadays when you go to Crust, the normal sized slices have been run out of the neighborhood by a mammoth pie that lords over the counter, daring you to approach.  One slice will kill your hunger.  Two puts you in a coma.  The crust is still as delicious as day 1, garlicy, crisp on bottom, chewy afterward.  The sauce is bright, rich and perfect.  The toppings are fantastic and VERY high quality.  I had a revelation; however:  I went to Crust one night and created a "supreme" pizza to take home.  They didn't have one on the menu, so I simply did the "pepperoni, sausage, onion, peppers and mushrooms" thing and happily took my pie.  We ate it, and yes, it was good, but not magical.  Hmmm...  Whahappen?It dawned on me.  I'm no chef.  I'm no expert of pizza.  These guys create flavor combinations for a living.  Who the heck am I to go pile a bunch of random stuff on a pizza and expect it to be amazing?  But Chris, Pizza Hut and Dominoes do it all the tim--- oooooh...   Epiphany.Mike and Jeff have already taken the time to make some insane flavor profiles for your pizza enjoyment.  Order one from the menu.  Don't substitute.  Don't build your own.  One day at Crust Mike asked me to try a slice of pizza with arugula and balsamic glaze.  Okay, sure; thanks Mike.  Took it home, fully intending to hate it.  Damn vegetables and stuff on my pizza, meh...  Then I took a bite.  Insert random chorus from My Morning Jacket.Done.  Best pizza ever.  Just go to Crust, folks.  Ignore any reviews about this place lower than 4 stars.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,5/20/2013,23,256,3,5,2>Stopped here for a late lunch this weekend, thanks solely to all the raving reviews here on Yelp.I've never been to El Salvador or eaten Salvadorian food anywhere else, so I can't speak to the authenticity, but everything we had was tasty.  My husband had some kind of combo dish with scrambled eggs, refried beans, a chicken tamale, fried plantains, and tortillas - all for $8.  I ordered a la cart, and got a bean and cheese papusa, a cheese and herb papusa, refried beans, and a steak taco.  They also brought out a bowl of red sauce and a bowl of some kind of slaw.  I'm not sure if everyone gets those or if they're meant to go with a certain item that we ordered.  My favorite things were the papusas, which are huge and an amazing value for $1.69 or whatever they charge.  The worst part about this place is how dirty it seems.  It's been 3 days since we ate there and we didn't get sick, so the kitchen hygeine must not be too bad, but it just looked awful.  You have to pretty much walk through the kitchen to get to the bathroom, and I really wish I hadn't seen it.  The bathrooms were also gross.  That being said, there are probably plenty of other restaurants that are just as bad or worse, but I don't know bc I can't see inside the kitchen.I enjoyed my meal and I'm glad we went, but I probably won't be back.  Partly because of the cleanliness and partly because it's not a very convenient location for me.  I would still recommend it to anyone who's looking for something new and interesting to try.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,5/19/2013,17,66,2,5,3>The Oak Barrel is where the old Hoggy's use to be in Valley View. The bar area has stone walls giving it a sort of olden or medieval feel. Very clean and nice facility (including the "facilities".) Their beer selection is about as good as I have ever seen in a restaurant. There are two menus full of all sorts of microbrews, which was my primary reason for patronizing them. The food selection looked excellent. I decided on the Sunny Side Burger that has bacon and a sunny side up egg on it, along with all the other fixins...crispy lettuce, tomato, onion and some special bun that might have been a pretzel bun or similar. It was very delicious. Their prices are a little more than something like a Quaker Steak but it is a significantly better experience. Look forward to my next visit.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,5/18/2013,88,296,3,6,4>A great place for a good drink.The Harbor Inn, not only has a great upstairs room to rent out for large groups, but the downstairs -the true heart of the Harbor Inn - is where the magic happens.Imagine yourself stepping into one of the oldest bars in Cleveland and hearing a mix of classic Polka tunes and "I'm on a Boat".  Yep, there you go!  I also suggest doing the "dusty bottle tour".  They have lots to choose from, many of which will burn going down and you can absolutely get your $3 worth.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,5/17/2013,37,274,,4,2>Fresh Imported GABBA-GOO?(Capicola)  As well as a SUPERB deli case BRIMMING with other  (Prosciutto IS DELISH!!!!!!) Imported meats!Home made pasta all over the place~! The ready made sandwiches and sides are SUMPTUOUS ~!!!!! They have more imported wine and beer here than at some of my favorite haunts closer to home but I'm maybe 25 minutes away so shooting over 490 to E55 doesn't take long at all!!! I've bought from here for years and have always been very pleased with the quality of product I have brought home so....My advice? If you are looking for GOOD- AUTHENTIC Italian?Gallucci's
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,5/16/2013,105,123,,5,3>The Wine Spot may be one of my favorite things about moving to the East Side.  The space is so modern and nicely organized and the staff has always been very helpful.I love the wine tastings that they host a few times a week - the current ones are a "Best Of" series for each wine varietal.  We missed the merlot last week, but the zinfandel was fun and featured wines in lots of price points. For $10, it is rare to get to taste wine of this quality at restaurants or in wine flights - so I think the price is definitely worth it.  The port wine tasting was really, really amazing. Aside from having lots of fun regions of wine (lots of Chilean, Spanish, etc) that you may not find at other places, I love that they carry hard-to-find vermouth, amaro and apertifs for cocktails.  I picked up some Salers Apertif and Byrrh that I have been looking for everywhere in one stop - so cool!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,5/15/2013,9,256,,4,3>This small, unassuming stand on the bottom floor of The Arcade (and hidden around the stairs in the food court area) uses some of the best and freshest ingredients you will find among restaurants in its class.  The dishes are made-to-order and generally leave you feeling much better than your usual (oily) mall Chinese fare.  On top of that, the gentleman behind the counter taking orders is extremely nice and is definitely focused on giving his customers a positive experience.  The food is fairly inexpensive:  The brown rice with chicken and a can of Diet Pepsi (along with a free styrofoam cup of ice) will run you $7.07.  More often than not, he pulls the extra 7-cents out of his own tip jar (I told you he was nice), so be sure to return the favor at some point with your own generosity.  The menu is pretty basic:  Your typical meat and rice (or noodle) combinations and also some noodle soups.  Also, all of the daily specials shown on the signs behind the counter are available every day.As for downsides, if you can't get a table along the main walkway, the drab back area of The Arcade isn't exactly an inspiring area to eat lunch, but there is plenty of space available.  As others have mentioned, Zen Cuisine is cash only.  Finally, while the ingredients are remarkably fresh, I think the overall taste (and particularly with the teriyaki chicken) lags behind my current downtown Chinese lunch favorite, Master Wok in Tower City.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,5/14/2013,97,533,3,9,5>I don't hand out 5-star reviews often, but I simply could not find fault with Taki's. This is not your typical mom-and-pop Greek joint. The chef has spent time in some jaw-droppingly good kitchens, like La Maisonette in Cincinnati. It shows in the exquisite food, right down to the cut and treatment of the vegetables that graced my monkfish entree. The flavors were balanced, sophisticated, and very memorable. At the same time, it's homey comfort food. I watched my half-Greek brother-in-law practically melt into his seat as he tasted the flavors of his childhood. I should also mention that they easily accommodated his vegan diet. This is very elegant Greek food. Just go.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,1/20/2013,5/13/2013,9,87,2,2,1>Aha, at last! Finally also the second Phoenix finally was poshed up, in matching style with the 'new' Coventry Road location (although at the time of writing this it is not really "new" any more): white, glitz and filled with the notorious apple laptop kids and those wanting to be mistaken for them.What is missing is..... atmosphere.Another branch of MacPhoenix.A friend called it iPhoenix...The initial idea of improving the world and how it's done, which had been enthusiastically explained and spread on plaques and newspaper article clips carefully framed in outlet-shop-frames all over the old location, is taken down and forgotten. One pound of "fair trade" coffee cost here 17$, really is that somewhat reflecting what you pay the small family farmers in Ecuador for it? I get organic+fair trade coffee same amount for half the price at Whole Foods down the road and it tastes like coffee, not like God knows what radical "infusion" was added this month.Sorry guys, I would LOVE to support the neighborhood, but this is a rip-off.As disappointing as MacPhoenix on Coventry.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,5/12/2013,17,37,,5,4>We were here at about 9:00 on St. Patricks day hoping to get a quick breakfast in before the boozers showed up to line their stomachs. When we got there it was just starting to get a little busy. The servers were all super nice. We walked in with our 6 month old son in hand and within a minute I had 3 different girls ask we wanted a high chair. Not only is the service here good and fast but the food was fantastic! The prices are good and the portions are big. I'm typically not a fan of homefries cause at most places they are insanely bland. The homefries here were great! You can tell they use quality eggs and not the cheapest things they can buy. They say jumbo eggs on the menu and they aren't lying, I had 3 jumbo eggs, bacon, homefries and toast for under $5.00 and I was stuffed when I left there.We like to check out new breakfast spots every Sunday and don't repeat our stops to often but we'll be back here at some point for sure. Well done George!
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,5/11/2013,30,393,5,4,1>Will I "out" myself as an old lady by saying this venue reminds me of the Odeon? (a long lost concert hall in the Flats - RIP)Despite the fact that HOB has been in CLE for like forever now, I saw my first show there last night. Crowd surfing ain't my thang anymore so I stood upstairs behind the assigned seating to watch the show. The sound was good and there were video monitors in case someone 7 feet tall decided to stand up in front of you and block your view. (I'm talking about you, dude, in the ugly pullover)Yes, drink prices are astronomical. But there are at least 10 other places within walking distance to get a cheaper drink. Pre-game before the show or sneak out during one of the opening bands' sets. That's what my friends did. (HOB gets bonus points for letting you leave the venue and come back!) I do think the pricey drinks keeps the jerkery to a minimum. Kudos to the attentive security staff who had no problem literally dragging out anyone who got out of line. Ain't nobody got time for that.I'd definitely go back to see another show at the HOB. It's a nice, relatively intimate venue to see your favorite band or an up and coming one. Thumbs up!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,5/10/2013,6,103,4,3,5>The perfect mix of retro and rundown, hipster and hip replacement. God I love it. Show up too early any day, and you run the risk of fighting off children's birthday parties and the elderly bowling league. Wait until later in the evening, when the live music starts and the hipsters break out their personal bowling shoes and the bar explodes with people. It's incredible and fun.The food and drink prices are a little high--$8-$9 for tiny cocktails or hard cider--but you don't go there for a deal. You go there because it's awesome, and you don't mind your bowling ball getting stuck 4 out of 5 times down the lane.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,5/9/2013,20,147,,5,3>Aldos has been recommended to me for years - finally had a chance to try it yesterday for a business lunch.   Really very good.Small House salad with blue cheese and house dressing was excellent.   Could have had a large one with some grilled chicken on it and been completely satisfied.   The greens were fresh and it was dressed lightly.    Fresh, warm bread came along for the ride.Enjoyed the hot stuffed peppers for my entree.   Be warned - the sausage is homemade and VERY hot/spicy.  Wasnt sure Id make it through, but was able to soldier on and ate every bit.  Finally, shared a piece of the spumoni cake  - probably least satisfying part of the meal.   It was fine, but not worth the calories in my opinion.Aldo himself - along with his son - are a visible presence in the restaurant, checking in, chatting with diners and making sure the staff is on their toes.  Excellent service all around.Highest compliment?   I'll be back.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,5/8/2013,153,207,3,9,7>Look, this isn't gourmet food. It's soul food. It's meant to comfort. The food served here is done in the same preparation as the owner's momma taught her momma. Generations of love are built into each bite. When our group arrived, one of the staff members helped guide us through the menu and history of their franchise. We must've stuck out as newbies. This was confirmed when others came in and the ladies behind the counter addressed each of them by name. This is a place that seems to thrive on repeat business. Through our entire time here, the staff was overly accommodating and friendly. We even compared ethnic differences between the way our family made oxtails and short ribs versus the way they did things. It really was a productive conversation. It was also nice to see them take the time in this hurried world to chat with us. Everything about the hospitality was genuine and warm. On this night I ordered the fried chicken dinner. Dark meat and three pieces of it. For sides I chose the macaroni and cheese along with the candied yams. Everything seems to be made ahead of time and is sitting in chaffing dishes. The time it takes to prepare your dinner takes no time at all. Everything was great and will most certainly come back to try the rest of the menu. Only next time, I'll make a point to save room for dessert. The sweet potato pie looked divine.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,5/3/2013,7,45,2,6,5>Taco Tonto's in Lakewood?!  I can't even...I mean...please excuse any typos in this post; it's hard to see the screen with tears of joy in my eyes.  Some background: I used to eat here several times a week when I went to Kent.  I'd call my order in after class or when I got off work and then laugh at all the people standing in line at Chipotle while I went to pick up the best damn burrito on the planet.  When I was finally looking to move out of Akron a few years ago, it was actually a legitimate concern that I wouldn't be able to get my TT fill as often.  Well, problem solved.  For those that aren't familiar with the Taco Tonto's formula, they bake the burritos after they roll them.  This gives them a crispier shell and (at least in my opinion) seems to bake in the flavors.  They also do tacos, bowls, and other options if you aren't in the mood for a burrito.  The prices are totally reasonable, with my steak burrito running around $7 for the big one (and that's after I add some stuff to it).  I like that this new location has more of a bar and a pretty good beer selection to go with it.  They've only been open for two weeks up here, so I'd encourage you to give them the benefit of the doubt while the new location finds some traction.  The burrito I had last night was just as good as the ones I used to get, but it sounds like some other people had a different experience.  Regardless, I'm super excited that I get to introduce my Cleveland friends to what they've been missing out on up here!  Get in on it now before the word gets out and the wait times get crazy.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,5/2/2013,128,94,3,4,3>Took our newest feline friend, Cringer feline to be vetted here a while back.It is not cheap, but the staff is super friendly. The doctor (was a female, cannot remember her name) was fabulous! She answered all of my twenty million questions and calmed me down and told me it was highly unlikely that Cringe had FLV or FIV. That test took 24 hours and he was in fact negative - thank god!We got him his shots and he was snipped (poor guy) - all said it ran us about $420. We returned about a month later for his boosters and that was a cool 79 bucks. Holy hell having felines is expensive, but those fur babies are worth it.Cringer (aka Battle Cat) was previously a stray and was easy to feed but hard to wrangle - once we got him in that cage, it was off to the vet we had to go. The vet was very easy to work with and kept Cringe overnight (they had to wait for the FLV/FIV test). Even if Cringe had been FIV/FLV positive, the snipping surgery was still available - they just would have had to be a little more careful because risk of infection skyrockets.After surgery they hung onto our feline friend for the majority of the day (gave him some good pain meds) and we picked him up before close. Cringer feline now lives happily with his sister feline - Loki.Will definitely be back again to make sure our kit cats healthy.Also, Detroit Dover is accredited by the American Animal Hospital Association (AAHA) which means their hospital is measured against the most rigorous published standards in the industry; which equals great care for your pets!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,5/1/2013,44,84,6,11,6>A lot of vegan places treat meat like an ex-boyfriend they've never quite been able to get over - creating this meat-like shrine in the empty place of their menu, constantly mashing tofu and beans into meat-like shapes, drunk-texting meat at three in the morning and asking whether it misses them.  While Pura Vida is not a vegan restaurant, but it DOES serve a full vegan menu.  And since I went on a wild vegan bender with a visiting friend, rampaging through Cleveland's vegetarian options and devouring lettuce by the bushelful, I can tell you that this is the best vegan place I've found in town.......simply because it likes vegetables AS vegetables.  The mushroom ravioli I had was delectable, as it had a chili sauce that gave everything a wonderful tang.  My date had a rice pilaf with asparagus and roasted tomato that had a rich, luscious taste.  Their African peanut stew made kale, peanuts and sweet potato into a soup so satisfying it could have passed as an entree.  What they do here is say, "Well, we want to make a bunch of vegetables seem richer than a salad - how can we change the flavor to deepen it?"  And they ask wise questions, and they discover ways to make it complex without adding the ol' standbys of meat or eggs.  The only real downside is that their drinks were equally complex.  We had a thai martini and a red pepper drink, both of which had strong flavor profiles.  Delicious in the abstract, but the coconutty flavor of the martini didn't go with anything on our table - in fact, it was SO strong it was at odds, fighting with the peanut stew and the ravioli, and instead we sipped water and left the drinks about two-thirds undrunk.  But I will go back.  They have vegan nights to introduce people to what vegan cuisine can be, and I trust them to unlock it.  If you're curious, this is a pretty good place to start.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,4/30/2013,48,38,5,6,7>I felt like I was back in LA.I suppose hipster, sustainable, organic, farm to table blah blah blah cuisine is not the sole provenance of the west coast, but even the waiters looked like they were directly transported from Silverlake/Los Feliz. However, no complaints here because for $44, I got the crispy hominy, chicken wings, HALF A PIG'S HEAD (ok, $4 surcharge there, so $48 total) and turnips (I panicked on my ordering, ok?). Everything was great and reviewed far better by everyone else here, except for the turnips. Then again, turnips.But the pig's head. It had teeth, y'all. And what was either fat around the brain area or just brain, possibly a combination of both. It tasted exactly like pulled pork, with a bit more fat, except you are literally rending flesh off the skull of a pig, which you do not do with pulled pork. In other words, amazing.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,4/29/2013,68,481,4,7,6>Barroco is such a filling and delicious treat! The atmosphere and decor are all great. Everyone is calm, even when they're busy and the staff really knows how to handle customers. (Particularly indecisive ones such as myself.) The cheesy corn is a must try. Seriously. So. Much. Cheese. If you like cheese, don't go to Melt to satisfy a cheese craving. Head to Barroco and eat a bowl of cheese dotted with little pops of sweet corn kernels. You'll never forget how delicious this dip is. The empanadas are fantastic and though you'll probably be full from cheesy corn, they are so worth the scarfing and stuffing. They are full of flavor and a good hearty choice.  The sauces are to die for. The pineapple is an interesting sweetness (paired with the chorizo arepa--so good), the garlic is super garlicky but worth the bad breath, the chimichurri sauce is my personal favorite (so light and flavorful!), ranchero is a perfect creaminess to the meat and potato in the empanadas. Finally, shrimp ceviche. OH MY GOSH. This stuff is flavorful, not too fishy and so delicious. It even tastes just as good the next day! If I could have this for a meal once a week, I'd be one happy girl. Go here hungry and ready for a great experience. You'll leave full and happy!
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,4/28/2013,54,46,2,3,3>If you have not tried this yet you have to at least once in your lifetime.  Honestly I am not sure what it is but the food is amazing from Salads to Pizza to Subs........  One of those places that should be on Diners, Drive ins, and Dives.  Only thing they do not do is deliver, but if they did I don't think they could handle all the business.  Its always packed when you go in there.  Also a good sign is when you walk in you see the take-out shelf full all the time.Do yourself a favor and try it.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,4/27/2013,98,206,5,10,6>New, classy bar in Old Brooklyn ?! What is this shenanigans ? I saw an open sign a couple days ago and a couple yelp reviews, and although dismissive of the 1reviewers, I'd give them a try out. They are legit. As a preface:Growing up in Old Brooklyn and living here 3+ years since moving back, I've seen that Old Brooklyn has been an unassuming Cleveland neighborhood. Neither trendy nor a ghetto. Nightlife, it has always been home to dive bars and sports bars for neighborhood residents. Drink shattered all my stereotypes that I had for Old Brooklyn. As I walked in, I was frankly stunned. Jazz music in the background ? The TVs were turned off and not blasting ESPN !? Wood floors ? A bamboo bar top ? An atmosphere that I'd expect in Tremont ?! Yes, I still can't believe it, 4 days later.It's housed in a 2 story brick, 100+ year old building that was Theo's, a classic Old Brooklyn restaurant shuttered for 15+ years and just south of the zoo, across from the old Deaconess Hospital. Immediately upon walking in is the rectangular bar. To the sides are intimate booths, candle-lit. Yes, I would have no shame taking someone here for a date, nor should you.When my compadre and I arrived at 7:45 last night, we were the only ones. Our bartender (Thersea) was quite bubbly and gave us very good service. I was astonished at the menu: an array of a dozen appetizers (or maybe they're tapas, I don't know the difference),  all under $10, a great price point for the food you received. There's some unassuming things like chicken fingers, but also a build-your own burger for only $7. I had the hummus for $7. My compadre had the quesadillas. Neither were spectacular culinary creations, but they were quite all right and hit the spot. Looking at the drink menu, I was even more shocked. There's a selection of craft brews (5-6 on draft) plus a dozen bottles from the USA and Europe (Sam Smith, and a couple other UK beers) and locally (Thirsty Dog) priced $5-6 (there's domestics of course, PBR is a $3 hollah). Let's not kid ourselves, you don't expect the chance to be drinking an Italian organic vodka in Old Brooklyn. I spoke to Brian, the owner, a new resident of the Old Brooklyn. Younger unassuming guy who spoke that he was looking to start a place that would be different than the typical Old Brooklyn bars and definitely leaving behind the days of being a barback at a dive across from the Fox's Den on Brookpark. I'm glad to see something like this in Old Brooklyn. The night wore on, with a few couples coming in and although tempting, I didn't have a slice of homemade cheesecake, made by Slices, a bakery not open to the general public, a few doors down. Brian also professionally told a drunk who walked in to leave, something that wouldn't always happen in other Old Brooklyn bars.They're still tweaking the menu (they soft opened on Valentine's Day), and the crowd of Old Brooklyn usually doesn't pay $9 for signature cocktails but here's hoping Drink can continue to operate like this.If you're looking for a more sophisticated atmosphere in Old Broooklyn, a good place to check out craft drinks, brews, (it's only a 5-10 minute drive from Tremont, Ohio City), in a low key environment, you can get your Drink here.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,4/26/2013,46,454,10,12,13>Wie geht's?!  This place is great!  My Grandparents were in town so I played hookie from work and came here for lunch.  There were 10 of us and they sat us with no problem at all.  Awesome looking place with huge grounds, a pond and what looks to be a soccer field.  As we sat down she server showed us the beer list (we DO have our priorities ya know!)  They have great German/Bavarian beers.  More bottle selection than draft.  I cannot believe how great the beer prices are here.  2.50 for a Warsteiner Dunkle or Hofbrau draft??!!  If ya went anywhere else it would be twice that.  Yet another reason I like private clubs.  Everyone ordered different stuff...I got the chicken with dill cream, mushroom sauce.  Holy hell was it good and tender.  I tried the schnitzel and it was great also.  For sides we had salads, spatzle and cabbage...all were fresh and great.  Im by no means a cabbage eater but Im diggin the pickled cabbage here.  Food came in average time.  About 2 beers worth...thats how I judge the duration of elapsed time.  Mostly an older crowd, which I also like.  People were super friendly and everyone was giving smiles and interacting with other tables.  Kind of restores my faith in humanity a tad.  You dont get that much in Tremont or most of Cleveland for that matter.  After our food and great beers we strutted around the HUGE compound and checked it out.  They have HUGE banquet rooms and even an INDOOR soccer pitch!  I cant wait to slap on my leather lederhosen and watch the Krauts party down at one of the many festivals they have throughout the year.  Bis später!
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,4/25/2013,64,154,2,3,3>I don't know why I didn't give this place 5 stars before, but I should have. This place is probably the best-kept secret on Cleveland's west side. I think the secret is getting out, though, because I see more and more people here every time we come.In my last review, I talked about an event that my wife and I hosted at this winery. We hosted another event a few weekends ago and the staff was extremely helpful in helping us pull off a Hobbit-themed birthday party for my wife. They have redone the back patio area and it's even better than it was before. The interior patio has new windows, while the large tents in the backyard (which would probably cost $200+ to rent!) were very helpful to have. The fact that they allow their spaces to be reserved for free is nothing short of remarkable. The wine continues to be great, and it tastes even better when they run specials. A few months back they offered certain bottles for $7--a steal! I'm glad that John Christ is only a short drive from my home, and I look forward to many more great times at one of my favorite spots in Cleveland!
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,4/24/2013,723,577,2,3,2>With a hip ambiance, and a deep tequila list, you'll find a great selection of mexican-american cuisine for the palate.  Colours are deep, and the walls adorned with Mexicano memorabilia including Lucha Libre personalities and the like.Food quality is good, with spices that can excite.  I am a little sad that fresh Habenero isn't readily available, though they will give habenero sauce if they are asked.The guacamole is a meal unto itself, so order with some modicum of caution.  Overall a good addition to the restaurants in Cleveland.  Great for a drink or a tapas style meal.Is it mexican?Well...
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,4/23/2013,21,245,,3,2>Zoss swiss bakery is my go to destination for artisan breads in the Cedar Fairmount area. This is a very small place located at the end of the parking lot of the Nighttown Bar. They always have fresh and yummy breads. They also sell some pastry and varieties of bread. I like their wheat bread and their dinner rolls. This is one of those businesses that I wish will continue to grow so more and more people will open independent bakeries. I am a fan of this place and they will always have my business.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,4/22/2013,75,549,,1,3>Went for the first Friday event. MIXup: Apocalypse this month. Was just really a cool environment. The event on 1 March went from 5-11. After dinner nearby we got there around 9, enjoyed a few drinks (not included in ticket price) under the new atrium, and then wandered through the galleries (which closed at 10 - and you can't take drinks in them). Parking in the attached garage for $5; street parking too but it was pretty much all taken by the time we got there. Free coat check (and they don't accept tips). The $14 ticket for the event not only got you into the galleries that are normally free, but into the special exhibit gallery which at the moment was called Pompeii (a $15 value). Great event; great crowd; a fun place to socialise and spend the evening.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,4/21/2013,35,173,1,3,2>I really like Brother's.  Have been here 3 or 4 times now.  It is better when it is less busy, like on a weeknight, because the service is naturally quicker.  They always have a variety of live music.  With three different bars (front bar, wine bar, back bar where the large stage is), you can always escape to the more quiet one if you want to talk.My bf always raves about the bar back who works here.  Just watch him sometime, he actually is incredible.  He is fast as hell and actually rotates the beers in the cooler and front-faces them.  So you can see what beers are there and you know they are actually fresh.  Such a basic concept but tell me the last time you saw someone at a bar rotating their stock.The crowd is typically older than most bars, which is good, in my opinion.  However, if you are 21 and just looking to get lit on shots, you might want to pick somewhere else.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,4/20/2013,144,144,4,11,6>In terms of cleaning services, this one hits the spot. All the spots on your counters, tables, nick knacks, floors, bathrooms, kitchen and everything in between. My girlfriend recommended this service, but until you try All 4 You yourself you really won't get it. We have all had those cleaning ladies who vacuum around stuff, don't clean picture frames and give you disappointing results. The house had never been so clean, not even after moving into the rental and having another cleaning service come out. The hardwoods were so shiny and clean they looked brand new. All the crown moldings were dusted, ceiling fans and window sills were immaculate, the appliances were like new. I would recommend getting the deep cleaning for the initial visit and then only a standard cleaning will be necessary for a while. I promise you will not be disappointed with the condition of your home after All 4 You comes out. The customer service was very professional and everything was perfect without me having to tell her what needed to be done. This service is consistently on point, please try yelpers, you have nothing to lose (except build up, grime and filth).
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,4/19/2013,86,287,4,6,3>Thanksgiving weekend vegan drama! Family was in town, and we had to pick places to eat that were veg/vegan friendly, due to a couple party poopers' stances toward harming delicious, delicious animals (just kiddin' -- I love my filthy hippie relatives). And they were staying in Woodmere, so this was the first place that popped up on Ye Olde Cell Phone Search. I am honestly not a huge Asian fusion/Vietnamese fan, but this place definitely offered up the delicious. Of course, I had the seared pork chops, which were awesome. Other people ordered special dishes and/or fried rice and/or pho. We all shared, and there was goodness all around. Might not personally be my first choice, but this place gets two thumbs up.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,4/18/2013,56,103,1,4,2>I've been a regular at Blue Door for a while now, 'discovered' it this summer and haven't been able to stay away. I'm kind of ashamed that I haven't reviewed them sooner.It's a tiny place with no sign on State rd in the falls and without knowing what it was, you'd probably never look twice at it (besides maybe to wonder why this mundane looking building's parking lot is PACKED to the brim). The food is fresh, clean, and solidly executed. The ingredients are locally sourced when at all possible, and one of their main suppliers, Brunty Farms is my go-to for all things chicken and duck related. Their eggs benedict, which I had today, is phenomenal. Perfectly poached eggs, Leoncini ham, and toasted brioche make what is truly the breakfast of champions. The only modification I'd make is to add a spicy salad to the mix (with lots of arugula....but I have an obsession with arugula, so never mind me). I've had the pleasure of trying their Reuben when I went there last week with a friend, and it was truly one of the best I've had in a good long while. The service is generally very good even when the place is packed (to the point where they're setting up make-shift tables and there is not a single parking spot). The specials are daily, so I feel like I need to buy a house around the corner so I can be there EVERYDAY. And I would, if I could. Blue Door is just that freaking good.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,4/17/2013,99,118,1,2,1>Steak burger, sweet potato croquettes, pecan pie. Everything was very good to great. A piece of Cleveland used throughout the restaurant.  Which is recycled wood claimed from old Cleveland buildings. Very cool and i was impressed  with the choice of decor. Eddie has a good rep around this town. The vibe here is classy yet casual. I would come back again to this place to try other items in the menu. Service was excellent also.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,4/16/2013,51,109,,3,4>I LOVE City Buddha! It has turned into my go-to place for gift shopping for girlfriends and family members. They have a large selection of out-of-the-ordinary beaded and leather jewelry. Lots of earrings, although I can't buy any for myself because they are not nickel-free. :[Incense, small musical instruments, scarves, odds and ends. They have furniture too, and a small collection of clothing, but I tend to wander into City Buddha and walk out with smaller item due to the great prices and interesting selections. You'll always find something new, and it is a great place to explore on a rainy day or on a weekend friend-date!It is also very "Coventry," if I may transform that into a descriptive word.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,4/15/2013,42,85,,4,2>My friend was visiting from North Carolina, and after her 8-hour drive, decided she needed some coffee before we could do anything else. The only coffee place I knew of within walking distance of me was Starbucks - so I decided to Yelp around to find somewhere else, and came across Erie Island.SO glad I did! Erie Island was everything I want in a coffee shop - good, reasonably priced coffee, intelligent and slightly eclectic baristas, local artwork on the walls, and COMFORTABLE chairs. Seriously, could have sat here all night.They actually gave my friend a larger size coffee for free - they had accidentally poured some coffee for another customer, so rather than tossing it, gave it to my friend (who had ordered the same thing, but a smaller size).The coffee-bean filled glass art right about the counter is pretty cool - until you start thinking it looks like mucus. Then it's a little gross and weird. SORRY FELLOW YELPERS FOR POINTING THIS OUT TO YOU!Overall, cool place, glad they were open late, and a great alternative to Starbucks.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,4/13/2013,44,53,3,6,3>It's such a treat to go here.  It's a lovely bakery full of great smells and sights. There are so many options, I take forever to decide.  Presentation is prime at Michael Angelo's. The bakery looks as delicious as it tastes.My husband and I served Michael Angelo's tiramisu parfaits at our wedding. We were sold at first bite. *It is  the best tiramisu I've ever had.* They were wonderful to work with for our wedding. We ordered 150 parfaits. Michael Angelo's was helpful and friendly, the parfaits were fresh, and our guests raved. They didn't miss wedding cake one bit. It was awesome. My step-dad stops here almost every week to pick up treats for my grandparents. So I've also tried their cheeesecakes, cookies, and coffee too. Their pumpkin spice coffeee might be the best in Cleveland. I bought some Campfire ground coffee (smores flavor) and the ladies at work loved it.  Stop here. Treat yourself. How sweet it is.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,4/12/2013,36,60,9,6,4>My reviews are written on a dollar for dollar basis.  If you charge hipster prices, you better make me feel like a princess, or ahem, a prince.Steve's is cheap, the food and service is very good.  It's not pretty, it's not amazing, but dollar for dollar, it's great.  Nice breakfast for a budget.  $3.09 on a Saturday for 2 bacon, 2 sausage, toast, hash browns and eggs.  Weekdays are practically free... $.99 for a full meal of food?  What year is this?  I feel like I took a DeLorean here with Marty McFly.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,4/11/2013,45,266,2,3,3>This place is just so cute. And the food I had was very good. Me and the bf went here on a very cold blustery Sunday morning. Sandy had caused some water damage and so they had a tarp up blocking the lake view but I can imagine it is usually a very nice view. We got seated right away and got hot coffees and water. I ordered the gyro omelet and the bf got some other type of omelet. Both our omelets were chock full of the stuffings which is how I like it - so I get a bunch of the ingredients other than the egg in every bite. The potatoes were really crunchy on the outside, cooked perfectly. And for our coffees, omelets, and tip it came out to less than $20. This place is right across the street yet I think most people don't know it exists. It doesn't have much signage on the road. We will definitely be going back.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,4/10/2013,100,260,17,7,7>Let me describe every experience I've ever had at Sokolowski's, as the same thing happens every single time:I'm standing in line with my dining companion(s), eagerly awaiting my turn when it happens: I spot ONE piece of chocolate silk pie on the dessert shelf. I quickly count how many people are ahead of me in the cafeteria line and start mentally calculating the odds of one of the other, less deserving, people in line taking it. Amazingly, person after person passes up that last slice of chocolate pie, opting instead for fluffy coconut cream pie, carrot cake or, insanely, Jello. Dummies! I start to get anxious and excited the closer I get... Only three more competitors and I'll be in the home stretch... Two more and the pie is mine!! By the time I grab a tray and silverware, I'm pretty much in a full-on fatty panic. It's almost my turn! OMG! I'm going to finally get that delicious creamy, chocolately, fluffy goodness, it's all mine, it's all mine!!! And then...The motherf*cker in front of me snatches it. EVERY SINGLE TIME. Dejected, I'll end up consoling myself with a mountain-high plate of starchy, buttery goodness like pierogies or mac and cheese. And, every single time, after I'm barely able to make a dent in it but still so full that I'm about to burst through my clothes like the Incredible Hulk, I am relieved that I "passed" on dessert.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,4/9/2013,336,288,24,18,18>Holy insulin shock these are badass donuts. These donuts grow a mustache, wear a headband and save American POWs from Vietnam. These donuts have an afro, quote the bible and carry a wallet that says "Bad Muthafucka". If you come within 500 yards of this place your diet had better seek asylum under the federal witness protection program because it won't stand a chance. I think you get the picture.The other half and I stopped in here on a Saturday morning for our first Frost fix and based upon what other Yelpers have said, our expectations couldn't have been any higher. Sure, it's a tiny little hole in the wall on the corner of two busy streets in Parma. Sure, the door's a little sticky from years of excited, drooling patrons. But this is the real deal.Before you even open the red door you can smell it. The odoriferous omen reaching out to you with its curly-que smoke fingers. Once inside you're surrounded by row upon row of freshly baked donut creations each topped in their sugary best silently begging to be taken home. "Pick me! I've got maple glaze and pieces of bacon!" "No, no, pick me! I'm an iced chocolate cake donut covered in coconut caramel frosting and chocolate icing!" "Hey, over here! You can't go wrong with salted caramel drenched over a beautiful fry cake!" These donuts are mini works of art and I doubt the recipes have changed much since 1937.Jack Frost Donuts is a Cleveland-area institution. I can just imagine what it would have been like, packed to the gills with returning GIs, fresh off the boat from Peleliu or surrounded by greasers, hair slicked back leaning against their 57 Chevy Belair. Yeah, there's definitely history in that little building. Did I mention that their donuts are brutally good? They kick the crap outtta Dunkin Donuts. Actually, they not only kick the crap outta their donuts they are bitter enough to wait around for 20 years so they can kick the crap outta the kids of the Dunkin Donuts. Don't get me wrong, I love some DD just as much as the next guy, I'm just sayin'.If you want a taste of authentic, old-time as-they-should-be-done donuts you have to get your butt in your car and make the trip to Jack Frost. Your pancreas may hate you afterward but your soul will be smiling from ear to ear.  Half-dozen donuts: $5.10Cash-only
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,4/8/2013,130,58,1,5,4>Alright, it's about time I reviewed this place.  I'm Vietnamese from San Jose, CA.  Upon moving to Cleveland, I was really dreading not having legit asian food and then I found out about this place.  I would definitely say this is the best Pho in Cleveland and at a great price.  I even took my mom here and she said it was pretty good!  Pho #1 is also alright, but you can get it just as good at Superior for a few bucks less.  The "summer rolls" are alright, but I don't recommend their other soups.  I tried their Bun Bo Hue and it tasted like they used the same Pho broth in it (a definite no-no). Anyways, definitely recommend this place for Pho--perfect for a cold day or a hangover cure.  It's also super quick. Like true asian style, they ask you within minutes of you sitting down if you're ready to order. Gogogo! Also, for coffee lovers, try the Vietnamese iced coffee, it's sweet and strong.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,4/6/2013,104,314,1,3,1>Think little, dive, diner, and you will know what Sal's is about.  On our way home from a weekend in downtown Cleveland, my wife recommended this little diner based on a previous visit with her co-worker.We stopped in and it was jam packed.  There were zero of about 20 seats available.  So we waited five minutes and some patrons left, so we took their seats.  Our drink orders were promptly taken and we began to look at the menu.My wife had a burger on her last visit, so she wanted a burger again, even though it was 11:00 AM!  So she ordered a hamburger with bacon and french fries on the side.  I, of course, was starving for breakfast.I ordered a veggie omelette with wheat toast and home fries.  Not four feet away was Sal himself cooking away on a small, flat grill, his wife standing by his side preparing eggs.  Ten minutes later, Sal cooked our meal right in front of us.  He put cheese on her burger though, which she didn't want, but she didn't say anything and happily ate it anyway, loving every bite.My omelette was yummy and my home fries were very tasty.  I put hot sauce on my eggs and home fries, ya'll.  Try it, you'll never go back.  Louisiana, hot sauce, that is.While we were sitting there, a Metro Life Flight helicopter crew walked in and sat next to us.  It was cool to see them.I love little hole in the wall diners like this.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,4/5/2013,97,170,1,6,2>I went here with a friend on a weekday and lucky they close later than 9 because none of the other Korean places were still open. Anyhow this place just opened not too long ago and the place is pretty much decked out. Great traditional door that can found in the Korea houses used mainly as their exit door. Each table has a bell service option which I find awesome and rare in Cleveland. So anytime you need something, just ring the bell and someone would come attend you. On to the food, this place has a great selection to choose from. From your traditional appetizers such as Korean dumplings and Ddukkbokki, they also had a Chinese-Korean dishes like Jjangmyun that I like so much and Korean BBQ! This place has it all and the prices were a bit pricey but the portions were plentiful. We ordered their ddukbokki and tried it for the first time. I was disappointed due to the lack of taste. In other words, it was mainly all of the rice cakes in a pool of tasteless red chili paste. It wasn't hot enough and maybe I have a standard from eating from Seoul but I was not a big fan of their version whatsoever. There were fish cakes, onions in the dish but when it comes to Korean food, the chili paste is everything. For the main entree, I ordered their jjangmyun and this was exceptionally tasteful. The pork was tender and the black bean sauce was great. I'd have to come back to try their BBQ!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,4/4/2013,68,49,2,4,3>Dr. Barther has been my dentist for years and I completely trust him. I was without dental insurance for a time and got a cleaning for another dentist off of Groupon. That dentist told me I had two cavities. I knew I might be getting dental insurance again soon, so I held off getting them filled. Sure enough, just 2 months later I had my dental insurance and went back to Dr. Barther. He told me that no, I do not have any dental decay and that my teeth looked good. He is a great dentist and more importantly - an honest one. I completely recommend him.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,4/3/2013,263,228,4,12,7>a fine tuned machinebest seafood in clevelandkeeps humming alongI keep waiting for the mediocrity I would expect from a big restaurant/local chain, but...  I have to say, Blue Point Grille delivers.  Consistently good food, very solid service and the place has a very well maintained appearance.  Once again, I went there last night and was beyond pleasantly surprised.  Honestly, I was wowed.  So many places you go to with expectations, and they just fall a bit short.  Not here.Appetizers of house smoked mussels were outstanding.  The shrimp cocktail could have used a 5th shrimp on it, but they were fresh, large and firm. Fresh horseradish in the cocktail sauce was a nice touch too.Entrees for us included one more appetizer of the ubiquitous tuna tartare. Fresh, not neon in color, and served with guacamole-like topping, it was flawless.  The salmon entree was off the charts great, and the special sea bass was also excellent. Special props to the hosts/hostesses for taking such fine care of a 3 top walk-in during primetime on a busy Friday night.And let's not forget that they have one of the finest happy hours in the warehouse district.  On Sundays as well.Bravo Blue Point!Carry on...
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,4/2/2013,178,155,4,8,5>Lives up to the hype?Most definitely.If you are "in the know", you will have been to On The Rise. If not, well, you need to get moving. I've been there twice in 3 days. All I can say is.... wait, I have a piece of bread in my mouth....This bakery has been around for over a decade. I had no idea. It's nestled in a tiny strip of stores along a really residential stretch of Fairmount. If you blink you will miss it. And miss it, I did...for years.That ended the other day when I finally stopped in, after having to look it up on my GPS. On The Rise reminds me of bagel places in NYC. You walk in and it's bare bones. There are a few unassuming tables and chairs in front and racks of bread and goodies behind the counter. They deal in more bread than pastries. So far, I have tried the baguette, rustic Italian, multi-grain, rosemary focaccia and wheat breads. Also tried the chocolate, plain and almond croissants and "Jennifer" cookie. Did I mention that I've only been here twice?!  OK, so I didn't buy all that... they graciously have a lot of samples out to try. Everything I tried was perfection. The crust is thick and chewy and the insides melt in your mouth. I wouldn't change a thing. The breads have a freshness that you just don't find often. It's the texture. The center is so moist, it feels cold.There are certain local establishments that carry On The Rise breads. Murray Hill Market for one. Fresh bread is delivered daily except Mondays. That ridiculously good bread they serve at The Greenhouse Tavern? That's the Rustic Italian. For the experience alone, however, you have to stop in the main joint. You just must...
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,4/1/2013,17,30,8,5,3>I don't know how I've written 30 reviews and this hasn't been one of them.  I go to Noodlecat more than anywhere else in Cleveland (except maybe Dive Bar, somewhat shamefully).  The fare is unique and delicious. If you're tired of eating a broken record*, check out Noodlecat.  Steam Buns, I love you.  You little adorable sliders, each of you on a delicious warm gooey bun, I eat you like tic-tacs.  You come in so many delicious flavors.  Like you, Mr. BBQ Pulled Pork, you're zesty and bold.  Or how about you, Mrs. Fat Casual Smoked Turkey... you bear a light, spicy taste with your spicy mayo and avocado.  And then there's you,  Miss Chocolate Peanut Butter Banana dessert steam bun.  And how could I forget Dr. Tempura Veggie. You're my old faithful, with the delicious contrast of crispy fried vegetables and the soft steam bun.  And all of you come with yummy pickled onions.  I could go Kobayashi all of you!As much as I'd love to, I don't order ALL the Steam Buns, because it is necessary to save room for some NOODLES.  Hey, they don't call it 'SteamBunCat'.   Imagine eating ramen noodles, but these noodles are on steroids.  And instead of that powdered broth, they come in high-quality stock.  And they throw in all sorts of other goodness.  My favorite is the Spicy Tofu Udon - tofu, peas, carrots, kelp and noodles, all taking a broth bath together. Roscoe's Fried Chicken and Ramen is a genius yummy concoction ... and you thought adding Fried Chicken to waffles was as good as it could get. The prices at Noodlecat are reasonable. You're talking $11 for a full portion of noodles ($6 half), and $3 for each steam bun.  But if you think about it, that's not expensive for adventurous downtown eating.  If that's still too pricey for you, don't fret.  THEY HAVE THE BEST HAPPY HOUR IN CLEVELAND.  I tell my mom about this happy hour.  $1 black label beers.  $2 steam buns.  $5 half portions of noodles.  $3 Sapporo.  3-7 weekdays, and all day Sunday.  * This is a figure of speech.  I hope you don't literally eat broken records. That would hurt. On both ends.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,3/31/2013,167,334,1,4,2>YAY!  I love El Tolteca.  This might be the best Mex place on the West Side.  Very reasonable food, large portions, good, fresh vegetables, and BIG yummy margs!!!I've been here twice and both times I had a great experience.  They have a live mariachi band that is sometimes there etc.  The Salsa is fresh and has a decent spice.  The veg. fajitas were a nice mix of fresh, seasonal veggies.  I've had good service both times I've been here too.  Go here, you'll be full & happy!
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,3/30/2013,110,405,6,6,7>How do you give seven stars on here? Haven't been here since they moved from Madison to Detroit. Finally went a couple weeks back. The new space is tits! I love it! Same great selection, same great vibe, same great owner. While I spent the bulk of my 20's in the old space(thereby endearing it to me), I can see the new store continuing the proud tradition of face melting Cleveland rock well into my 40's. I went at around 7 or 8 pm on a Sunday. Tell me what other retail outlet keeps some bitchin hours. For 20 bones I brought home a pile of vinyl that I could hardly wait, suffering through BK and the Walking Dead, to play in the basement. It was old school Lakewood living for me. Like back in 07 or 08, before I found Yelp, started hanging out with new friends and became an online menace. It was just the records and me. A place that can reignite a lost passion is truly a godsend.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,3/29/2013,7,97,,4,4>I recommend that EVERYONE sign up with Fresh Fork... I can't imagine that anyone wouldn't be happy with it. I've tried one other Cleveland CSA where the quality and quantity was often subpar -- but Fresh Fork consistently gets it right. It does a fantastic job of sourcing organic produce from the region to bring customers a diverse and high-quality bag of goodies each week, whether it's abundant peaches and berries early in the summer, corn ears late-summer, or broccoli and acorn squash in the fall. And it's not only fresh produce that you have to look forward to -- there's also local eggs, cheese, tofu, humanely-raised meat, oats, black beans, and Ohio City Pasta (depending on whether you're signed up for a regular, vegetarian, or vegan share). The cheese from Mayfield Creamery is absolutely amazing, and you can buy extra if you please (and I usually do). We get a Large Vegetarian share, which has been a good size for two people, though we still supplement with produce from other sources. I generally juice the leafy things -- kale, carrot tops, beet tops -- so nothing ever goes to waste. We pick up our bag each week by leisurely biking a few blocks to the Fairmount-Coventry pickup location, so it really is the next best thing to pulling veggies out of your own backyard (and incomparably better than a car trip to Whole Foods to buy overpriced, non-local produce). The tablet-wielding staff are clearly passionate about what they do and are always efficient and a general pleasure to deal with. Fresh Fork is expanding fast, adding more pickup locations, and it's fantastic to see so many people getting on board. Do yourself a favor and sign up to reduce your reliance on corporatized food; support your local farmers; enjoy a seamless and more sustainable grocery shopping experience; and feast on the best and healthiest food you've ever tasted!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2012,3/28/2013,342,426,4,8,6>Flying Crane, why have I never heard of you before?Stopped here on two occasions- the first time with a co-worker, the next time with the bf. Nestled on the end of Larchmere, you wouldn't expect Flying Crane to be a Japanese place. Or...well, the place it is. It's a small little cafe with plants all over the windows, attached to this hip, cool little gift shop in the back.And it's homey. Five stars for the homeyness.I've had a dream for a while- when I retire, I want to own a cafe, where I'm that little old lady, making awesome coffee and has the pie in the glass case. When people I know stop in, I'll get them their "usual", slice them a piece of pie, and talk about life. And this is how Flying Crane was. There's this little old Japanese lady who bustles over to your table to take your order. And her partner? A little old British man. A British chap, is more like it. And it was cute- old friends always stopped by on both occasions I was there, saying hello in Japanese or whatever, striking up conversations with the owners. Ooooh so cute.And the food was so... comforting. And so homey. Sure, it's not the super best quality of udon/noodles you're going to get, but hey, it's good, not starchy, and just overall.....tastes like a home cooked meal.I've gotten the curry udon, which I definitely recommend (wasn't too much curry, the noodles were cooked well, the broth was good) and the yakisoba (also very good, not too much oil, cooked well). My dinnermates have gotten the ramen and other udons, and they all comment how good it is. My bf and I even got an oatmeal cookie out of that glass case...just to get one out of a glass case. haha.It's cute. Like reallllllyyyyy cute. Like, I want to be that little old lady behind the counter someday. Definitely my type of cafe.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,3/27/2013,25,96,1,3,3>I arrived with a recent Groupon in hand at 6pm tonight. I'm usually off put by all of the deep-fried goodness that comprises this type of food, but I was ready to indulge.  The server was very nice and informative.  We had the cheese empenada- it was good, but a little bit crispier that I like- usually prefer crisp and chewy.  The cheese & bean Pupusas was very tasty and i like the coleslaw served with it.  for entrees we had the grilled chicken & mushrooms over garlic rice and my guest had the bandeja  and was impressed.  I like much better than Barocco.  when we departed at 745pm every table was filled.  next time i will try an arepa. the prices are great and let you try many menu items!
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,3/26/2013,88,107,2,3,1>Love that this place is on East 13th!The restaurant has a slight contemporary feel with modern lines and traditional bar.  It has a fairly large layout with the tables a bit more spread out than at some of other Bruell restaurants.  There are slight pops of color through the restaurant. The best part is that this restaurant was not overly packed like many of the other restaurants downtown, as the crowd depends on the shows at the theater a bit more than some of the other area restaurants. You can actually breath and enjoy your meal without worrying about others waiting for a table! The service was friendly and relatively quick.  I ordered an Aviation, an Ian's Manhattan and a Bacon Man.  The Aviation was delicious with the lemon providing a nice zest to break up the heavy Woodford Reserve.  The Ian's Manhattan was slightly heavy on the gin, but it still had a nice smoothness to the whole drink. The Bacon Man smelled a little too much like rancid bacon for my taste, which is unfortunate since it was a great concept (bacon and maple infusion)- perhaps poor execution.The appetizers were really tasty- we order Foie Gras Donuts and seafood dumplings.  The foie gras donuts are warm, crispy outer shell and sweet with a savory inner of foie gras.  The foie gras was room temperature while the dough surrounding the foie gras nugget was a luke warm; it was a bit heavy for an appetizer so the foie gras to dough ratio is a little off (more dough than foie gras). I would have appreciated more foie gras and less donut.  The $18.00 price tag on the 3 donuts warranted a little more foie gras in the donut.  The seafood dumplings were a hit with plenty little bites of shrimp/lobster in a relatively light sauce.  I also got a plain Romaine Wedge Salad was that good, but a it was bit heavy with the crust and vinaigrette, which defeated the lightness of the salad. For entrees we got the Red Fish, Seared Salmon and Breaded Veal Pillard: The red fish was awesome with a nice crispy brown sear on the outside with soft, moist, flaky inner.  The fish was seasoned nicely, not overwhelming, but just enough to bring out the light flavor of it.  The creamed cauliflower hits the spot without as much guilt as I would have with mashed potatoes.  The dish overall is tasty, but a bit heavy with out some very much light vegetables to break it apart (its topped with few grated carrots).  The salmon is your basic salmon, nothing too amazing.  The sides were a bit boring for my taste buds- sauteed spinach with miso rice.  It reminds me a bit of an elevated Miso Salmon from Cheesecake Factory.The breaded veal pillard was SOO SOO SOO good, can I emphasize how good?  The pairing with the side was perfect with a nice light salad to help cut some of the heaviness in the breaded veal.  The veal is tender, pounded to the perfect 1/4 in thickness that gives it a great mouth feel. The baby artichoke salad give it a light sour kick that you would get with a lemon in wiener schnitzel.  My whole bill including the 3 drinks, 1 appetizer, 1 entree, 1 salad and a side of fries came out to $90.00.  It's not too bad- about average for this caliber for this restaurant.I will definitely get the veal and the red fish again; I cant wait to try their other dishes and have room for dessert.3.75-4 stars for 2 tasty entrees, few good drinks and prompt service; it didn't get the full 5 stars because of the small amount of foie gras in the appetizer, boring salmon and bad Bacon Man.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/14/2013,3/25/2013,353,269,1,1,1>Came here for early dinner reservations on New Year's Eve. I am glad we came as early as we did- they pack in lots of people!  We sat right in front of the fire place, which was really nice; although, we were sandwiched in between to other tables for two.  Not good.  The people next to use were pretty weired, and I don't mean in a good way.  We were trying to figure that relationship out all night!  lol.OK, back to the review.. Our service was outstanding!  We were seated right away!  Boyfriend had the wedge salad & I ordered the beat salad, which was oen of the specials.  It was so good!  We noticed that it was taking a long time for our entrees, so did our waitress.  In fact, she brought us out compimentary lobster bisque soup!  Holla!  It was amazing!  He had the 10oz steak which was like "butter"- seriously, it was amazing.  I had the pretzel trout, small order.  It, too, was fantastic!  It was on a bed of spinach & drizzled with yummy capers!  We didn't have drinks, but we still had a great meal at a great price. Waitress got 25% tip & we filled out a compliment card for her!Will totally go!  Maybe New Year's 2013?!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,3/24/2013,105,146,5,8,7>A vintage maven's dream come true. I could probably spend hours in here and that's even an understatement. There is so much treasure to behold at Deering Vintage. I've been visiting here every time I've traveled up to the Ohio City/Tremont neighborhoods, and I've never left without picking out something adorable or precious. The store is well-laid out with categorized racks of either sweaters, blouses, jackets or dresses. Cindy now carries a large men's clothing selection which excited my boyfriend. I saw on the men's racks on Saturday with a WWII navy uniform shirt with original ribbons attached in mint condition! That would be fantastic addition for a 1940s/USO swing party. I do like the fact that all of the clothes are in impeccable condition and don't have that "thrift store" smell (not that I don't appreciate some Macklemore poppin' some tags every once and while). This vintage is set out for the swanky, quirky person in all of us.The fact that Cindy recognizes all of her frequent guests really shows how much she loves her job and loves people who appreciate good  fashion. What a fantastic person. If I could just give Cindy 5 Stars for being completely  awesome, I totally would.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,3/23/2013,80,187,,6,2>I have a soft spot for steamed buns and Koko did not disappoint! We went right at closing so there were not a ton of options, but they did have what I came for - Red bean buns, Pork Buns, and BBQ pork buns. I also got a Thai tea boba to try out. Its been YEARS since I'd had a boba drink (at least 10 years). The boba was good, small enough and chewy. The Thai tea was not as strong as I'm used to but still good. When paying for the buns to go, I asked for reheating instructions (wrap in plastic wrap with a little splash of water, microwave for 20 seconds each side, more if the buns are cold). The bread is soft, chewy, and slightly sweet, almost like a Hawaiian bread - like it should be! The fillings were all good. I highly getting the BBQ if you haven't tried it before. It made me think of a pulled pork BBQ sandwich in Texas, amazing how food can do that!Again, we went at closing, so sadly there were not a lot of sweets left. I'm more than willing to come back again in order to try more options!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,3/22/2013,88,79,1,4,5>Great campus, nicely connected with Downtown Cleveland. Short walk to Asiatown. Inexpensive housing all around the area, if you don't want to live in their brand new on-campus dorms/apartments. Dozens of great restaurants, world class theatre, art museums, the best fishing lake in the world, all within a short walk/bike ride/bus ride. Speaking of bus, it's directly on the Healthline, which might be the best bus line in the United States.The staff at CSU are for the most part, incredibly helpful. The undergrad advisor for the Urban College, Rachel Singer, is the best higher education employee I have ever come across. I was able to graduate my program in record time (exaggeration, but it was quick) with the exact credits I needed.The actual professors are excited about what their students are working on and what they are accomplishing. They make you want to strive for better things. I am always trying to stay active just in case I run into any of them at the market or the museum. It happens all the time.CSU is the shiz. Love it. Go Vikings!
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,3/21/2013,92,94,,3,2>Okay, this sushi was incredible. I frequent B spot and was actually going to go there for dinner but the wait was long so I left. As I was walking to my car, I passed this gem and decided to try it. I am SO glad I did! I was starved when I got there so I had to order an appetizer. I got the Yozu Tuna I believe it's called. I do not like roe and did not realize it came on top so I spooned that off BUT regardless it was delicious. The grapefruit flavor with the tuna was delicious and unexpected. Then I ordered two rolls - the Westfield Roll and the Manhattan Roll. Both of which were amazing. The Manhattan Roll I'd say is generally better but I could have done without the mass amount of sauce on top. I LOVED the Westfield Roll. ..  the spicy tuna was incredible. The tuna there is excellent compared to other places. Plus, the rolls are HUGE. Like really really huge. I ate probably half of each roll and took some to -go. This place is a million time better than sushi rock and much much more clean. The sushi also doesn't take forever. My service was also very good. The place was pretty jam packed but I was able to order my appetizer and meal promptly (probably helped I was by myself) and was attended to very often. I cannot wait to go back and try some other things off the delicious looking menu!!!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,3/20/2013,76,89,,4,3>Holy Serving Size Batman! This place is the Greek Diner/restaurant that you dream about! Great, freshly cooked food (I got food to go at 7:50 pm - 10 minutes before they were due to close, and my periogees were freshly made - I saw them making it through the kitchen window!), tasty, servings large enough to feed a family for a day, and all done quickly with a smile. What's more to want?Also... amazing homemade split pea soup... :DI am def going back for their breakfast....
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2012,3/19/2013,76,112,3,3,3>I've been wanting to try this place for a while. Finally made it in for a late breakfast the other day. The space itself is adorbs. The service is amazing! And the food? Incredible! The boy has a sweet tooth... so we started with the donut holes. They come with some really yummy dipping sauces. He ordered the vanilla bean french toast.... which was amazing. The toast is so thick that even with me helping... we couldn't finish! I ordered "The Chicken or the Egg" which was a delicious combo of fried chicken and an over-medium egg (that's how I ordred it) with avocado and roasted tomato. YUM. This is a definite winner in OC. Loving that such a yummy place is right down the street.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,3/18/2013,13,160,5,15,8>I wanted to update my review because I think a lot of people's complaints with Melt can be so easily helped if they just knew a little bit more about how to do this right! The wait is long.. DUH. The wait is long because they have a great product and a really fun vibe. Here's an easy solution for you that I have found really helps me out: Go with one or two other people max and sit at the bar. Hover around for maybe 20 minutes and I know for a fact that you can snag a spot at that bar. Full menu is served up there and it cuts your wait time in at least half, if not way more! Can't cut the group down? Go there early, put your name in and wander around the neighborhood. There are plenty of shops. If it's nice out, you can even take a quick drive over to Lakewood Park. They are pretty good at estimating the wait time here. Wander around a bit then grab a beer and the wait won't bother you at all. My last suggestion for wait time: Put in a to go order, head across the street to World of Beer and wait for them to call you when it's ready. Pick it up, bring it back to WOB! You can bring outside food there and this will cut down the time waiitng for food by a LOT! The food might seem expensive but I have literally not eaten the whole thing since I was younger and never seemed to get full. I now eat half and save the rest. Almost every sandwich here heats up easily the next day. I use the oven so it's nice and crunchy still. The fries re-heat well, too! The $10 price for a sandwich seems way more reasonable when you stretch it out for two meals. The amazing beer selection is still a huge plus. The spinach and artichoke dip is my favorite ever, hands down. Spicy and amazing. The service is always great. It may be a bit slow but the kitchen is small and the staff is so friendly and fun that they make up for it every time. Just know that you are not getting health food and plan ahead for the wait. You'll have a great time!
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,3/17/2013,22,123,2,3,3>Oh, Mad Jack's, thank you for such a refreshing lunch!!  First - this is the white building set back from the road.  There is parking in front, on the side, and on the south side via another lot.   The entrance is next to their patio.  The jalapeno poppers - FRESH peppers with the right amount of cream cheese AND goat cheese (swoon), in a delicious,crumbless batter fried to perfection!  The dill sauce is fantastic paired with these babies and I would go back just for them.  The veggie burger - I can't believe it's not meat!  Am I right?! LOL But really, this is a black bean/pinto bean/barley concoction made in-house that is JUICY and DELICIOUS.  It is seriously the best house-made veggie burger I've had yet.  Messy, but I'll take messy over dry and flavorless.   The pickles, however, are freaking fantastic.  My ONLY suggestion would be to put MORE THAN TWO on this burger and I will ask for more next time.  These are let your tongue smack your lips good and compliment the dill sauce.  I would make even more versions of burger with this amazin' patty!  Add some jalapenos and pickled tomatoes for this girl! :)  The house chips were good but I was full by then, so I'm glad I didn't ask for fries.  The spicy pizza - uh, HUGE.  Very cheesy.  I enjoyed it, it wasn't my favorite pizza ever but tasty as far as pizzas go and my husband raved over it (he should, he ordered it).  The environment is colonial so it was kind of like we were still in Gettysburg but eating fine, fresh food....    So excited for this shiny little gem!
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,3/16/2013,17,28,3,3,3>1. Ambiance: the bar area looks like Parma, the inside looks like Germany or Hungary. So it's got something for everyone!2. Beer: I ordered the De Koninck amber ale, which was served in a sifter. It was so drinkable, I'm about to order a second. Not too hoppy, not bitter, not too sweet: exactly what I expect from a German ale. The other beers on tap - all imports, apart from the Rogue Dead Guy - also appear to be phenomenal. I also ordered the Korbinian: a chocolatey, malty doppelbock... I'm guzzling it down as I type this. It has an otherworldly caramel aftertaste that I have not experienced before.3. Food: I love that the butter (to accompany a better-than-average dinner roll) was warm and spreadable; nothing ruins good bread like cold butter. Potato soup was not salty, but not screaming with flavor either. The skin on my Schwein Hox was crispy and savory in parts, though the meat was on the drier side; my bratwurst was rich and meaty, and not too salty. Overall, I think the food is presented well, and, while meaty, lacks subtlety in its flavors.Summary: though the food was only above-average, I can't resist the allure of sitting down to a plate of sausages and sauerkraut... And the beer here really makes the experience. So I will definitely be back.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2012,3/15/2013,215,581,5,5,4>I can understand how the cozy and intimate space has been, and will be, missed. But in my eyes, the new location is modern, innovative, and just beautiful. And, most importantly, the quality of most of the dishes has not skipped a beat.Derek and I returned to Crop recently to partake of a Sunday supper. We did NOT have the kids! YAAAAAAY (um, can you tell I've been cooped up in the house too long with a newborn?). While I kinda wished I'd had the opportunity to linger over the regular menu and take forever to make my decision, it was fine to have just the options of the dishes they were serving that night for $30/person.For a cocktail, I had the porch swing. Weeeeee! Drunk after 2 sips. We had the truffle popcorn which was a little weird in my opinion. The popcorn wasn't crunchy, just kind of chewy. Normal? I don't know; I'd never tried their balsamic popcorn either. We had a huge, colorful, tasty salad (they called it their "Late Summer Salad"). It had golden and red beets, grapes, melon, arugula, and more. It was delicious and plentiful! My only criticism would be that it was a little overdressed with what the server referred to as "Balsamic Vin" -- LOL.For our entrees, Derek had the cherry-braised short ribs served with cornbread and I had the pappardelle with a mushroom sauce.  Derek said that his was a bit vinegary, but overall he liked it a lot. I was in love with the pasta and the sauce's flavor, but the mushrooms in the dish were HUGE and I am not too down with that. I prefer my mushrooms chopped up a little more -- that is probably declasse. Whatever!The sides were smashed potatoes and ratatouille. Both were fine. Nothing to write home about, and actually the potatoes needed a little seasoning.Dessert was a pumpkin pie-type-thing, which was AWESOME and served with dried cranberries and some kind of sugared pecans or something of that nature. Mmm. The reason I enjoy this meal in general is that it allows you to try things you ordinarily wouldn't. I was so glad to be "forced" to eat this pumpkin dessert, because when given the chance I'd have probably gone with something chocolate in nature.The only complaint I had about this was that we were never offered coffee with our dessert, and then the bill was just placed on the table before we could ask. Do they not serve coffee for Sunday Supper -- anybody know?Service was great, as usual. The four star rating is just because we didn't ABSOLUTELY LOVE our meals this time like the other times. I don't really think that the space is too big. It's just that the sound isn't absorbed by the velvet couches, etc. anymore that makes it seem so vast in there. That, and the ridiculously tall ceiling, which is actually a great feature because of the artistic design of the ceiling. The space really is a work of art, as is the food. Instead of thinking of what has been, consider Crop Bistro to be a really great place right NOW. And it will probably only get better.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2012,3/14/2013,92,37,4,5,5>Breakfast for lunch?!? I call it Blunch... not brunch... because it's closer to lunch time than breakfast time- and Boarderline Cafe is a great place to have Blunch. I checked reviews on yelp for places to go for breakfast before we left the house and saw Boarderline's great reviews- so we decided to test it out along with some of the menu items that were metioned in the reviews. I had Eggs Benedict and my friends ordered the Boarderline Breakfast Wrap, Chorizo Tacos, stuffed french toast and an omlette (forgot the name sorry but it was great- they all looked equally yummy). We all took a bit of eachothers and my personal favorite had to be the breakfast wrap- flavorful and healthy. The sauce on mine was just a bit too thick but still worth ordering if you're a Eggs Benedict fan, like me:) CASH ONLY!Thank you for the warning @Raven Anne S. If it wasn't for your review- I most likely would have been "that girl" with nothing but plastic once the bill was dropped. Thanks again:)
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,3/13/2013,79,298,3,6,5>Tremont's worst kept secret!  The pizza here is awesome! I can't stray away from the pepperoni pizza, the pepperonis are little and crispy and the crust is incomparable to any other pizza I have tried! I can't even think of the adjectives to describe how good this pizza is, but we've driven over a half hour to fill our Edison's cravings so I think that speaks for itself! If your hungry for dinner or your alcohol filled belly needs some grease, Edison's is the place to go for pizza anytime! (And drinks too, did I mention Edisons is connected to Edison's bar? So grab a beer while you wait for pizza!) FYI: Their back patio is my preferred spot for pizza eating and beer drinking when it is nice out!!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2012,3/12/2013,440,357,2,7,4>Wow! Wonton Gourmet and Hunan East have been my two favorite Chinese restaurant in Cleveland for the longest time I can remember. And there's a good chance that Szechuan Gourmet might just be my new favorite!The first thing you should know before entering here is that their food is Szechuan style. If you don't know what that means, then you better prepare yourself for some heat and spice. Personally, I'm known to be a wuss when it comes to spice, but Szechuan's spice is more of a numbing tingling type of spice.. the type that for some reasons, many can't handle but I can. If you are here for a group meal, here are dishes I'd recommend for the table in order of preferences:Fu Qi Fei Pian (5): Beware! This is a cold dish that looks extremely spicy dripped in all the red sauce but it's surprisingly not too spicy. It's spicy beef and tripe and it will become the reason I will be at Szechuan Gourmet all the time.Mapo Tofu (4.5): Wow.. Ever since I moved to Cleveland, I thought I made the best mapo (and I'm a terrible cook) and I finally found Szechuan's mapo tofu. The tofu is so delightful and I love how grounded the meat is!Dried Fish Hot Pot (4) or  Spicy Fish/Shui Cho Yui (4): You have to order at least one of the these two. The difference is the first is fried fish and the order is steamed fish. Either way is boil into a pot of spice oil. They are both sooo good. Most people seem to like the dried fish hot pot although I personally prefer the Spicy Fish.Watercress Vegetable (4): it's the best I've had Cleveland yet. Make sure you order it with garlic. Best stir fried watercress vegetable ever. And, with all the spicy dishes you've just ordered, you need something to help tone it down!Huiguorou (4): Double Cooked pork. You can also order the "Spicy Huiguorou". Regardless, it's pretty much stir fry bacon with Chinese spice sauce. You know you can't go wrong with bacon anything!Some not as good dishes: Green Beans (3) are delicious but every restaurant cooks it the same more or less. Scallion Pancake (3) is way too oily and I can buy it frozen and make it myself at home.Either way, enjoy your meal at Szechuan if it's your first time!
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2012,3/11/2013,22,51,2,7,4>I had a great experience at Zanzibar - everything from the food to the service was great. Out of all the food that anyone at my table ordered, the things that stand out to me as the greatest were the barbecued salmon, the beef shank, and the sweet potato pie.. mm! The corn muffins are delicious too. I didn't love the mac and cheese as much as I was hoping I would, and I didn't care for the apple cobbler so much either - maybe it just paled in comparison to the amazing sweet potato pie!
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,3/9/2013,1600,312,8,8,7>So, I'm thinking about asking the owners if I can move in.You know, have a little bed in the back, close to where they bake things.  I won't live there all the time, just in time for dinner.  Seriously, the food (pleasant even for non-vegans!), location, and heart behind this cafe is everything I could hope for.  Flaming Ice Cube is where hubby and I find ourselves noshing every time we're even close to Public Square.  The veggie burgers are huge in size and flavor, and their dark cherry chocolate brownie is my silver lining.  Follow FIC on Facebook and you will find yourself drooling over their daily menus, like I do.I think I'll go shopping for that bed now.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,3/8/2013,80,697,1,1,1>Both the food and service were good.  I had the lasagna based on one ofthe yelpers.  He was right!!  Deee-licious.Wrong time for me to be on a no-beef diet :-)  Everything was great.  Had extrato take home.Wine was kinda expensive at $6 a glass.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,3/7/2013,82,418,1,3,1>Tons of vendors... this week they have ~40... everything sells out super fast... not the same ones that you find at other markets... farmers even sell out of the backs of their pick up trucks.Super active Facebook Page with vendors posting updates on what will be available at that week's market. It's a bit of a drive for us... but on the way to the Super Walmart... sooo ... if we want to brave the Tallmadge Circle at rush house it's worth the hike! Love the fact that I can log on and check out who has what before making the drive!!The city has a policy of pointing all departments to the root web site... and there is NO information on the farmers market to be found there... Facebook dot com slash TallmadgeFarmersMarket is the best option... but Yelp won't allow it in the web address field?4 - 7 on Thursdays in the High School parking lot... so traffic can be a bit of a snarl... and the weekend markets have more of a fruit and veggie diversity... so while we love this one... it's not market nirvana for us.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2012,3/6/2013,82,187,1,3,1>This is a nice pizza/wing/calzone/salad place.  It's open and clean atmosphere make it very welcoming and a pleasant place to go.  It's nice to get out of the Ohio City/Tremont area once in a while and pop down by the Cuyahoga.  I've had great service from all the bartenders here, very friendly and 'real'.  We'll be back for food and drinks and maybe karaoke?
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,3/5/2013,140,180,5,6,6>This is a great place for a child's birthday party.  You supply the cake and goodie bags-- Bay Lanes does the rest.  They provide pizza, pop, snazzy bowling shoes, decorated space and really nice, accommodating service.  AND it is very economical-- you pay for the number of kids who show.  You can choose one or two games per child.  AND you don't have to clean up!!!The kids really loved bowling together-- especially with bumpers blocking the gutters!  After the games, the owner passes around a bowling pin used during the games.  All the kids sign it and present it to the birthday child as a souvenir.Years ago this place used to be a real dive-- smelly, dirty and generally pretty run down.  Now, it's very, very clean.  They have new shoes, automatic scoring and a non-stickey bar.  It's still an older bowling alley, but a well-kept one.The owners are really nice-- helping out with whatever we needed for the party.  One little girl got the time wrong and showed up as the other kids were leaving.  She was heartbroken and began sobbing.  The owners felt so bad for her that they gave her a free game of bowling on the spot and a coupon to come back and play a free game anytime.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,3/4/2013,146,412,,7,4>Bravo, bravo!I love the Cleveland Orchestra. Conductor Franz Welser-Most is slated to stay until 2018, which is good news for us because he is also the Director of the Vienna Staatsoper (Vienna State Opera) and other ridiculously amazing musical appointments. Did you know that the Cleveland Orchestra is the only U.S. orchestra to play in the Musikverein? The Orchestra is world-class as one of the top 5 of the U.S.! We are sitting on a total gem in this city. If only we cheered the Orchestra on as we did our sports teams! As a young musician, I listened to Cleveland Orchestra recordings to understand the feel of the music. I definitely have a special connection to this Orchestra, esp now that I love this city!Severance Hall is beautiful. I really like Ferdinand H's description: "Severance Hall's seating area is actually quite intimate.  The lighting and architecture really recalls the days of big steel and the type of opulance that the roaring 20s possessed.  The lighting coupled with the amazing resonance really knocked my socks off." One of my favorite places to listen to the Orchestra is during its Blossom Festival. I've been there every weekend now for picnics on the lawn during the concert. It's quite indulgent to be able to lie down under the stars in a national forest and listen to a world class orchestra play. Some of the notable works that I've heard were Beethoven's Violin Concerto (with Gil Shaham -- knocked my socks off), Prokofiev's Romeo and Juliet, Shostakovich Symphony No. 5, Mahler, etc.  I can't wait to listen to more.On weekends like John Williams' tributes, Blossom is packed with close to 20,000 people in attendance. We were taken to another place while we sat on the lawn listening to soundtracks. The acoustics there are very bright and flow out over the lawn.If you can't already tell, I love the Cleveland Orchestra!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,3/3/2013,442,1404,4,9,7>Know what I love?  When an owner of a business is a passionate visionary and produces an unparalleled quality product.  Ta-da...Crust.  Succumbing to a strong pizza craving, I had to check it out.  After scanning the menu I settled on the Finocchiona pizza--  a medium, 6-slice "specialty" pizza with Tuscan Fennel salami, shaved red onion, red sauce, garlic oil, pecorino romano, smoked mozzarella, fresh rosemary, and fresh basil.  $14.95.  I grabbed a seat and watched the most beautiful pizza-making art I've ever seen.  From hand-stretching the dough to thoughtfully applying the toppings, it was quite a sight to see.  I got the pizza into the car and, even though I have a 5 to 7 minute drive back to the Warehouse district, I contemplated pulling over twice to open the box and sneak a bite because the aroma (and the anticipation) was killing me.  But I restrained myself.  And so I took a bite...I don't think I have ever savored a piece of pizza that like before.  This is a far superior pizza to anything else in Cleveland, folks.  Fresh and flavorful.  And the crust is chewy, delicious, and just wow.  Judging by the quality of the pizza, I can only imagine how delicious the pasta and everything else is on the menu.  Great stuff.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,3/2/2013,36,140,2,9,4>I've been doing CrossFit at CrossFit CLE for about six months now, and the results are amazing.  It costs more than most gyms, there aren't any frills, but I've actually seen real, measurable results compared to what I've gained at any other gym, with any other trainer.  I've lost over 25 pounds and a ton of body fat, I can take my jeans off without unbuttoning them, I've gained a good amount of lean muscle and strength, and I feel great.  Everything I do in my day to day life now feels so much easier--I can bike with ease, I can run faster and much longer, lifting anything heavy is cake... CrossFit CLE was well worth the expense.Everyone at CrossFit CLE is truly supportive and helpful, all of the trainers help to make sure the workouts are going as planned, and the gym makes sure everyone knows how to do the workouts so that everyone stays safe.  It's hard work, that feels hellish at first, but after a month things start to get more manageable.  After six months, it's like a total body transformation.  I couldn't have done it without CrossFit CLE.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,3/1/2013,88,296,4,6,2>Ok, I admit it.  I'm a snob.  I like the whole locally sourced, independently owned, anti-franchise, urban renewal, blahdeyblah.  When I drove by Danny Boys, I honestly didn't think that I was going to like it.  I mean, where is the minimalist exposed brick and terse waitstaff?  That and there is wayyy too much ample parking for my taste!  Danny Boys really blew me away though.  It's large, has an open bar and open feeling, lots of TVs, lots of fun kitsch on the walls....and I haven't even gotten to the food yet!  They have a huge menu with about anything you could think of.  We ordered an appetizer pizza with ricotta, mushrooms and spinach.  It was delicious and the size was much larger than what I'd expected under the "appetizer pizza" menu.  My bf got the Tony Soprano (spaghetti, meatballs, on a sub bun) and I got a brisket turnover with pub cheese sauce.  We left full and happy and I asked for another cup of that cheese sauce because (*explicative*) it was awesome!  (Side note:  I've been trying to figure out what's in it for days...please Danny Boys...I must know!)Our server Brando (Really? Come on!) was on top of things, despite being short staffed.  He kept our respective drinks full and was absolutely engaging!  I also want to add just how fun it was to see the place packed, with lots of families and balloon hats.  It was a fun time and I loved the food!  We'll absolutely be back!
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,2/28/2013,70,153,1,8,4>Tastes like Japan.These were the first three words out of my mouth after the first bite. Not that I've 'eaten' Japan before, but I was born there, and it wasn't until now that I've been to a sushi bar that has taken me back to my childhood. I certainly had my doubts reading the few reviews regarding the authenticity, but those were out the window as early as the appetizers. The miso soup was delicious--rich, but not overly salty like most restaurants. The salad was fresh, and the ginger dressing might be one of the best I've ever had.For the main course, I went with the ikura (salmon roe) nigiri, the Volcano roll, and a half order of the Futomaki roll. Can you say heaven? The Futomaki might be one of the best rolls I've tasted, and I immediately regretted not getting the full order. This would be the first thing I recommend, as it would turn anyone into a believer. The ikura nigiri is authentic as it gets, and it didn't disappoint, though large fish eggs might not be everyone's cup of tea. The Volcano roll was delicious as well, albeit a bit on the small side for a specialty roll. My girlfriend got the tempura dinner which was phenomenal as well. The tempura batter was perfection.You can tell the chef puts a ton of work into each dish. The flavors are just so complex and satisfying. I still have a place in my heart for other sushi restaurants in Cleveland, but Shinano is authentic, traditional cuisine and hits a spot on my palate that no other can touch. There's so much more I want to try. It just sucks that I only found the place now that I'm moving to the west side, but that won't get in the way of me and some damn good Japanese food.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,2/27/2013,75,131,1,3,2>I've been a patient of Dr. Stein's for years now, and I have to say, there's a reason; great work, a comfortable, easy going bedside manner, and best of all? VERY LITTLE PAIN! Want a dentist you can trust and who cares? I recommend this gentleman, two gums WAY up.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2012,2/26/2013,26,62,,6,1>I have only been to this salon once, but it was a good experience. The woman who did my nails was lovely, although my two friends' nail artists were not. They rushed through and were very challenging to understand. There is a bar here, which is nice, but you can usually bring your own alcohol to other salons for much cheaper! The pricing is higher-end, but she did do a nice job. The place is beautiful and comfortable. It is not very cozy though. It gets crowded and noisy and many children are in there. There are about 20 pedicure stations so it is not a super comfortable experience! But if you get the right nail tech, they will do a great job! Bonus is that if you don't have an appointment, you won't have to wait too long since they have so many stations.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,2/25/2013,227,138,1,6,3>Can I give it 6 stars???  One of my favorite places to eat EVER.  The staff, chefs and owner all are great.  I have submitted several pictures from the menu.....and that is my suggestion....to try EVERYTHING.  I once had an orange cinnamon hotdog w jalapeno green beans and it was amazing (it was one of the daily specials).  The  daily specials are also great and daring to mix & match flavors but each one is better than the next.  Support your local dining establishment....stop in for a beer or 5....say Hi to Jason Wagner (the owner) and enjoy your meal.  I'm betting you will be back
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2012,2/24/2013,42,186,5,5,2>I think it's only appropriate to preface my review by saying I'm generally not a big fan of the wiener. I play for the other team (by that I mean burgers). However, sometimes nothing will hit the spot like a great hot dog. Now I'm not actually sure that I've ever had a really GREAT hot dog like the ones people always talk about in NYC or places like that but I think I have a good handle on what I would consider a good dog if I ever found one.The Hot Dog Diner gets close. Not quite incredible but is on the right track. Their ideas and specialty hot dogs are very original and taste pretty dang good. My gripe is the actual meat between the buns. Perhaps my perception is off  but it seems to me that they aren't using the most high quality wieners. They're also not as big as I expected. I prefer larger, heartier links. Now to be fair, the prices are reflective of their smaller dogs but I would pay more for a real, better quality sausage.My kids loved the place and I thought it was pretty good for what it was. It's a hot dog so I wasn't expecting an orgasmic culinary experience.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,2/23/2013,8,79,2,2,2>Best Drinks in the Country!!! Yes, I really think that and also truly believe that too!  Great Bartenders too!  Everything that could be said has already been said but if you have not gone here you are really missing out.  My favorites are the Moscow Mule, Old-Fashioned, and their own Manhattan mix. BTW, No draft beer or cheap drink specials here.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,2/22/2013,68,169,2,6,4>I was out shopping with my girlfriend one day in Akron and happened upon a Chinese restaurant reminiscent of old Chinatown.  Instantly I was intrigued by hoping for a great restaurant, but fearful of judging a book by its cover.  Upon entry, the seating area was huge.  Staff was friendly and directed us to our table.  I cannot explain what it was but I had a good feeling about this place.  The menu is quite large with Thai and Japanese options as well.  I went with a sought after rare to be done well favorite dish of mine...Sweet and Sour chicken.  I also ordered 2 spring rolls.  My lovely ordered red curry dish and hot and sour soup.  We made small talk about our great finds in the shopping center and wondered what the delivered package would taste like once served.The spring rolls I had were fantastic, lightly oiled vegetable only, great fine crisp crunch both in roll and veggies each bite.  I am told the Sweet and Sour soup was great, among the best.  My Sweet and Sour Chicken was near perfect as to what I look for...Light sauce, not too heavy, fresh pineapple, green pepper, and onion.  The batter of the chick was light, fluffy yet satisfying.  Crisp, not over cooked, not too much oil.  Tasted perfect with the sauceIf I have one complaint its that dessert was not what I had expected.  The menu had said fried bananas and I am still forever searching for a restaurant that will flambé right at the table.  I had asked the server if that was done and she said yes.  This was not the case, but what was brought out was quite the treat.  Individually fried banana slices with decadent vanilla ice cream and almond cookies.  Being that everything was served satisfactorily, I will choke the mix-up to miscommunication, but the food is great, and we will definitely make a trip out of our back here.  Perfection
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,2/21/2013,129,81,,3,2>YOLO as others may refer to it has become one of my favorite spots. Spring through Fall I play volleyball on the courts next door so this spot has been frequented quite often before and after. Great wine menu and food menu. I usually go for happy hour and Tuesday it lasts all day long. We have hit almost everything on the menu and have yet to be disappointed. I recommend sitting on the patio when it's nice outside but have had pretty entertaining conversations with the bartenders inside.Happy Hour or dinner. This tucked away spot will get a thumbs up from me!
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,2/20/2013,23,256,,7,2>I have only eaten here once, but I'm basing my review mostly on my experiences at Pad Thai in Hudson.  I was surprised to see when I opened my menu at Thai Gourmet that it is identical (font and everything) to the menus at Pad Thai because there is no mention of any affiliation on Pad Thai's website.  I ordered the hot and sour soup because I love it so much from Pad Thai, and it is the exact same recipe.  So based on those two things, I'm assuming that all the food here is the same as the food at Pad Thai (where I've eaten many times and always had good experiences).  The only difference I noticed is that Thai Gourmet does not have the sushi offerings that Pad Thai has, or at least not on Sunday when I visited.  You can see the menu for Pad Thai in Hudson here:  pad-thairestaurant.com/h…  Now that I look at it again, it might have more selection than Thai Gourmet aside from just the sushi.The place was completely empty when we arrived, but a few people did stop it to pick up take out.  It's a shame because it is so nice inside.  Definitely classy enough for a nice dinner out.I am pleased that we tried Thai Gourmet because in my opinion the food is far superior to that at Charm Thai on Broadview Rd, which is the other Thai option near my house.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,2/19/2013,95,116,8,4,4>If I did not live in such a dangerous proximity from the best pizza in the world (walking distance), maybe I would have desirable size 2, but hello! Angelo's is invading me, luring me in, teasing me and as a result of all of this feeding me . Almost on daily basis.I don't care about stressful parking ( I never drive there) or rushed service ( I almost never eat in), or the fact that they butcher my last name,  pizza is good!!! The crust, the sauce, the toppings... specifically the sauce...sour-sweet-heavenly! All of it is very very good. Of course I wish it would cost less and it will I am sure ...the same day Dolce Gabbana will be sold at Walmart. And I will have my cake and eat it too.But for now I have my  Angelo's pizza.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,2/18/2013,19,46,,5,3>After visiting Japan last year, many a folk asked if I had been to Ginko. I had not, and frankly, I found it really hard to believe there could a sushi restaurant worthy of fangirling in Cleveland. No offense meant to Cleveland, it's just not what you think of when you think of sushi. Pierogi, yes. Sushi, no. On my first visit, and every subsequent visit after, I was put in my place. Ginko really is that good. And since I don't have the fundage to visit Tokyo on a regular basis, it satisfies my sushi loving soul in between visits.The itamae behind the sushi counter are highly skilled and have my utmost respect. I could just watch them make the sushi for hours. If it's your first visit, I highly recommend selecting the omakase and letting these skilled chefs craft your dinner with the freshest sushi of the day.Recommendations include (well, everything, but especially) the Uni Ikura Kani (Sea Urchin, Salmon Roe, Crabmeat) and Kamo/Foie/Ume (Duck, Foie, salted plum), and of course, the otoro (usually only served with the omakase, I believe).
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,2/17/2013,178,337,2,5,2>Sooooo my friends were passing through CLE via 90, en route to Vermont from Illinois.  I got the phone call "Be here in two hours.  Can you find a spot that is convenient to get to from 90?"So I picked.....Lolita.  Except it's a Friday night.  Holiday weekend. No reservations available.  We decided to wing it and shoot for a first come/first serve spot at the bar.  No luck there either.  Now what? I KNOW!  Let's go to this wine bar across the street instead.  And so we did.  And what a find it was!!! None of us had wine, though.  My friends are from IL and NYC, and they had never tried Great Lakes Christmas Beer before, so I insisted that they must!   We started with the cheese and meat board.  It was the perfect size for four people and contained a very generous and well-thought selection of meats and cheeses.  The pickled radish and the cablanca were my favorite items on the plate. For my entree I had the Press Burger: Red dragon cheese, smoked tomato aioli, arugula, and sliced vidalia onion on a challah bun.  Mmmmm.......one of the better burgers I've had in awhile!  The only thing I would have done differently would have been to caramelize the onion, instead of serving it raw. (Don't get me wrong; I love onion.  But raw onions stay with me for days.) I also tasted my friend Holly's dish: Roasted Chicken Breast which consisted of sage and goat cheese risotto, roasted cauliflower, and mushroom madeira sauce.  Delectable.  The cauliflower had great flavor and the risotto simply melted in my mouth.  The decor was beautiful.  Exposed brick walls.  I think there was an old-fashioned butter churn at the bottom of the stairs, leading to the bathroom.  The bathroom sinks looked like wine barrels.   It was a cozy night and it was lightly snowing.  The cozy atmosphere at Press was absolutely perfect.  We decided that Tremont reminds us very much of a neighborhood in Brooklyn called Greenpoint.  A large Polish influence, a bunch of really cute pubs, shops, and restaurants, and a great selection of food.  The homes even look similar.  If you are famliar with Brooklyn, there also appears to be a park in Tremont similar to McCarren park.  Bottom line: I want to make this my new favorite spot. I have lived here since last spring and I don't have a "favorite spot" yet.  And I'd be hard-pressed not to pick Press!
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,2/16/2013,55,83,3,4,2>I used to think Das Schnitzel Haus had the best schnitzel.  I also used to think they had the best kraut. Wow, I was wrong.  I didn't even know Sterle's existed until I was invited to dinner by family friends.  I don't get out to the Eastside much I guess.   We went on a Friday at 5:30 and I was expecting a wait - No wait!  It's a pretty big place with ample seating - Kind of reminded me of the beer hall at the German festival at the fairgrounds.  Long bench seating, hand painted wall murals, and live polka music.  The atmosphere was fun - a bit loud for conversation but who needs that anyways!  Sterle's offers family style dining for parties of 8 or more so we opted for that (at $20 a person).  It gave us the opportunity to try multiple main courses.  We enjoyed the weinerschnitzel, the chicken paprikash, slovanian sausage, sauerkraut, dumplings, and green beans.  It was all fantastic.  If you can't find 7 friends to take then you can't go family style - too bad for you.  If I had to choose just one dish... (10 minutes goes by)... I wouldn't be able to!  The waitress was friendly, the food came out quickly, and the manager checked in on us multiple times.  They were wonderful.  Round up 7 friends (or hungry strangers) and go here!
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,2/15/2013,164,211,2,5,3>Absolutely LOVED everything about SoHo. From the atmosphere to the service even the food was great. I went on a Wednesday night and turns out they have chicken specials, so good! The beers and mixed drinks were unique and wonderful. The staff worked together to help each other out which was really nice. I liked that they brought out bisquets with their own jam and butter, so good. I would def recommend trying out some SoHo :)
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,2/14/2013,37,38,2,7,2>First visit to Das Schnitzel Haus was a positive one.  We called an hour ahead and asked if we could have a table at 7pm.  The young lady who answered the phone seemed a bit unsure if she could get a table for us, but we overheard a man tell her to tell us all would be fine. Parking is a premium.  The lot was completely full so we parked two doors over (at our own risk, signs everywhere about private parking, etc.. but the building there was closed so we chanced it).  When we walked in there was no hostess stand, no sign or direction as to tell you where to go.  This was a mild put-off.  A German grandmotherly-type woman came up to us and we explained we had called ahead.  All was good, but it'd be a little wait (which was fine because we got there quite early).   We perched at a tiny two-top at the bar and waited.It was close to 20 after 7pm when she took us to our table. The service here is a bit...  inconsistent, but not what I'd call bad.  It took some time for our initial table greet to come.  In fact, we had time to review the entire menu and make our selections.  The server came and asked if we knew what we'd like to drink.  She was not in the least irritated that we wanted to place our entire order.  After she left, no less than three different people came and asked if we'd been helped.  Odd.  After another moderately lengthy wait, the grandmotherly-lady came to our table and asked what we ordered.  Uh-Oh.  No worries, though.  Our food was ready, actually and it came 20 seconds after that.  Potato pancakes and pierogi.  You know that scene in Ratatouille when restaurant critic Anton Ego takes his first bite and has an ethereal flashback?  That totally happened.  Potato pancakes.  1981.  Mainz, Germany.  I was 5 years old.  Oh.  My.  God.  Everything was prepared with care.  The pierogi were good, but you can get those anywhere in Cleveland.  I had the pork schnitzel and my girl had the jager schnitzel (served with mushroom gravy).  They were especially crispy and delicious... and huge.  We're both used to a particular recipe of German potato salad- from the German ladies of Tennessee- and this potato salad was not exactly our favorite.  It was prepared well, but for us wasn't quite right for us.  Just a preference thing; I'm sure.  The cabbage was very good, though.  Next time I think I'll try a different set of sides with my meal; because folks, there's going to be a next time.  Oh yes, there will be a next time.  Das Schnitzel Haus really could use some work in the organization of their customer service, but they were all very friendly.  We enjoyed our visit and personally, I can't wait to go back for more potato pancakes.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,2/13/2013,150,222,2,2,2>Ohio City Pasta is as good as it gets because they have pretty much cornered the market (West Side at least) on fresh pasta goodness.  You will find no better fresh homemade noodles in the area.  Every flavor and variety I have tried has been amazing.  The portion size is perfect and the price is very affordable.  I'll pick up a few different kinds and make lunch for a couple days.  You could have a different pasta with a different sauce every day of the week for lunch with all the varieties they carry.  I am a big fan of the pasta salad noodles.  Try out a bag of those next time.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2012,2/12/2013,99,376,,2,2>I'm not going to say anything about how they were going to "tap into the Akron market" -- Independence is still 30 minutes from Akron -- but when it comes down to it, you can't find a better sammy in Cleveland.This is the first location for The Melt in a strip mall, which diverges a bit from its strategy of setting up shop in "hip" neighborhoods. Let's face it, there's nothing hip and cool about Independence.The beer selection cannot be beaten. Matt Fish, the owner of The Melt, is a known beer aficionado. His expertise on cold ones gives The Melt what might be the widest, best-tasting selection of any restaurant in Northeast Ohio.Most people don't come here for the beer. They come for the food. Grilled cheese is the name of the game, and they are unrivaled when it comes to how good their grilled cheese is. The wait can be longer than an hour. Yes, their food is THAT good.My favorite is the Parmageddon, an Italian-influenced grilled cheese sandwich with pierogies, vodka-infused parsley, bacon, and cheese. Add a mound of fries and another mound of coleslaw, and you have yourself the largest meal in Cleveland.Speaking of large meals, try the Melt Challenge. I dare you.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,2/11/2013,89,182,2,2,2>The spiceman has cometh.This place has a great selection of herbal tea,herbs, coffee, essential oils and books.  The employees are really patient and knowledgeable.  The herb selection is great, they have something for what ever ails you. Got a cold your covered. Need to relax- covered. Digestive health- covered, relax a little more- covered.The prices seem reasonable.   Tons of great books on wellness. Super friendly employees, just a good vibe type of place.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,2/10/2013,143,231,,5,2>Just what I do not need, another cupcake shop close to home. I'm in trouble. This location is very close to Pure Delite Cupcake but blows them out of the water. I like the interior of Pure Delite more vs the castle theme here but it's still all about the cupcakes. I ordered a root beer and a oreo cupcake. The root beer was delicious and is actually the first time I ever had a root beer cupcake. So delicious. The cake was most and the frosting was light and sweet but not too sweet. Just right. I only had 1 bite of the oreo but the frosting was different, more whip cream but it was still really good. I'll definitely be back as this is the best cupcake place in Akron/Fairlawn that I have found.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,2/9/2013,53,187,,3,2>Dropped in for dinner on a Thursday and was surprised to see only one other table. It seems like a place that could really shine on a Thursday happy hour.  Despite being one of two tables the service was very slow. The food was great though. The cleverly named hamburgers were great and the slider trio was also a good option. They also serve a very salty version of your grandma's cottage potatoes. You know what I'm talking about, the ones with potato chips on top. They are a must try. They don't have a wine or alcohol license, but the beer menu has a great variety and they have great deals. Looking forward to trying it again...
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,2/8/2013,72,198,1,3,5>This is a review that has been long overdue for me.  Mapleside Farms is so much more than just a farm.They have done a wonderful job of offering a lot of activities people of all ages.  During the summer that have outdoor concerts showcasing many local CLE talents like Carlos Jones, and others. They also offer up a restaurant called Melrose Grille.  I have never eaten there, but the inside is surprisingly nice, and the menu offers a wide array of options.  In addition to this you can also grab a cannoli from the Corbo's Bakery on site, and of course stock up on apples, cider, and all of their amazing apple related products.No autumn in CLE is complete without a trip to Mapleside Farms!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2012,2/7/2013,45,149,3,4,3>This is definitely a great resale/thrift shop. It's great for basics and affordable guy's pieces. The owner and family are super nice, helpful and attentive. I also scored some shoes on sale and a ridiculously cool belt, aside from some really neat clothes. It's definitely a place I'll keep returning to when I need something specific or just to see what I can find.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2012,2/6/2013,107,133,,5,4>For those of you unfamiliar with this type of food (as I am), the wiener schnitzel is a breaded and fried piece of pork that looks and tastes exactly like a Japanese tonkatsu.  In fact, so much that I kind of wished I had some tonkatsu sauce while eating it tonight.  Also, apparently dumplings aren't dumplings so much but actually more like gnocchi.But anyway, this is a nice cozy restaurant in shaker that serves very homey, tasty Hungarian food in extremely large portions.  The menu makes it seem pricey, but actually my girlfriend and I were both full after sharing a hungarian platter (schnitzel, stuffed cabbage, and paprikash) for $26 total.  We were here with friends and everyone ordered small portions of their meals and still didn't finish it all.  The food was all very tasty, and we were glad we tried something new.  Worth checking out.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,2/5/2013,78,264,3,2,2>So unbelievalbly good. I'm referring mostly to the fries. Don't get me wrong, the ice cream is really good too, I just think the fries are what truly sets this place apart. Sweetie Fry (love that name!) opened exactly one week from the day we moved out of Cleveland Heights. Thank God. Living within walking distance from this place would have been bad for my health. I've been to SF twice now and had good experiences both times. Love the tiny little free scoop of ice cream they put on top of the scoop you order. Gives you a chance to try a bite of one of their more creative flavors without committing to the whole scoop. The fries are where it is really at, though. OMG you have to try the waffle fries. Seriously the best f'ing waffle fries I have ever had. There are many sauce choices to choose from (extra charge)- my favorite: Indian Masala. So crazy good - just right with the salty fries. The only complaint I have is that the extra special sauces are $0.80 each and just for a regular condiment cup amount - which is enough if you get more than one but not enough if you just get one sauce for a large fry order. A bit pricey but they are creative, different and made in house so hey whatever. Also, they do tend to run out of waffle fries, and the regular ones are good but just not on the saintly level of the almighty waffle. Damn are they good! Get you some!A must-try in Cleveland Heights. P.S. Please please please open one on the west side!
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,2/4/2013,70,110,4,4,3>Michael Symon is my hero, my bald little hero...We had a Cleveland weekend and you cant go downtown and splurge without going here. A little casino, a few drinks, and Michael. Ya buddyWe started with drinks and I went with the Manhattan, very tasty and not too sweet. You can go overboard with the vermouth. For the app we ordered the lobster roll with crème fraiche. It was good but I really think the dish would have been better if it were served hot on a thicker piece of brioche.I went with the beef hanger steak and it was awesome! It was tender and perfectly cooked. I went with Medium and it was great. Savory and sweet with the pickle sauce, and just plain tasty! I would highly recommend. For dessert I had the strawberry panna cotta, and it was decadent. Sweet and tart with the fresh berries and tuile. It was perfect, except I just couldn't seem to get enough!I can honestly say I couldn't have asked for a better experience. Great food, good drinks, an excellent waiter, and a dessert that made me cry a little. Just a little...
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,2/3/2013,68,481,2,2,2>After losing direction when Cut Hair Studio closed, I used my Yelp savvy investigation skills to track Mandy down at Eddy's on Coventry. (Thanks, Cara!) I'm so glad I could follow her and she ended up even closer to my place, because if I had to change hairstylists again, I would have cried.In my growing age, I've become more particular about my hair. I used to dye it whatever color I wanted whenever I wanted and it would be fine, but now that I'm trying to be more of an adult, I've found that spur of the moment dyes aren't my style and are even more risky when I'm starting with fresh natural hair that hasn't been over processed anyways. In the spring, I sprung for a box of blonde dye, which actually ended up looking a lot like what I was expecting and wanted, but as it grew out, I knew something had to be done to fix it. So, I naturally let it go for months upon months and ended up in need of a haircut and color. Mandy knew exactly what I needed when I explained to her what I was going for (I had a wedding to go to the next day and didn't want to look scraggly for it). She gave me perfect lowlights to let my natural color grow out and gave me a great asymmetrical cut (I've had trouble getting what I wanted with the asymmetrical cut--the back is a tricky task, but Mandy did it with ease). Now that my Mandy praise is out of the way: the salon itself. I've been here a couple of times so far and don't plan on quitting! The staff is super friendly and don't hesitate to include you in on conversations across the salon. They all have a great sense of humor about things and when another stylist compliments something being done on my head instead of just staring at it, I feel really confident that everything is going well up there. Bonus: if you go to Mandy, she does hand and arm massages that will rock your world, then fix up your hair and keep you smiling all day!Also, I really like the decor. Very cool and classy.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,2/2/2013,9,87,3,4,3>I guess each time I feel pressed to write a crappy review I have to write a good one as well, just to balance my KARMA here... So today's winner is: DEAN SUPPLY. I can make this real short actually: the place is easy accessible, with plenty of parking. Inside it is huge, loads to stock which is arranged in a way that makes sense, so you should be able to find your way around even without asking staff. If you ask staff they will bother to come away from their desk and run around for you, if needed even to the apparently even bigger storage room, and try to get you whatever it is you want to see or buy. Very affordable too, and one of those stores where it makes sense to actually go physically to instead of shopping online.Staff in general is friendly, knowledgeable, polite and (!) effective, and they seem to actually also talk to each other in a nice way. Also (don't ever take that for granted in C-town!) they will be all the above with you EVEN IF YOU ARE A FEMALE!!!!I needed a huge tray, a baking sheet form and some other little stuff. At some point had to swap something the next day for a different type, which was not a problem.If you work in commercial gastronomy or just for home use a great address to know. Super shopping experience. Glad to have it!
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,2/1/2013,19,40,3,5,2>Finding a place that does a great hair cut is not an easy task.  Having just recently moved, I ventured out into the world once before with disastrous results.I was getting shaggy, it was pretty bad.  Strangers were handing me change and saying, "God Bless."  I knew it was time for a haircut.  I had been putting it off because the last time I got a haircut, I got butchered.  I won't mention the offending party, but I assure you that after I got home I re-cut my own hair.  She had left it uneven, some hair not even touched.  Embarrassing.  I had driven by this place a ton of times, and never even noticed that it was there.  I just so happened to notice it about a week ago, and today was the day for me to go in and check it out.Chris greeted me immediately after walking in.  I got lucky, I was the only one in the shop today.  After asking how I wanted the cut, he sat me down, turned the chair towards the TV so I could watch, and he went to work.  I didn't get to watch much TV though.  Chris and I talked most of the half hour I was there.  The shop itself is small, providing more of a community old-school feel.  Hair cuts are $12, but they offer beard trims, lather shaves (yup, with a straight razor), and even do cuts for kids as well.After finishing up, my cut was spot on.  Chris nailed the fade and neck taper, and tied my hair perfectly into my beard.  This shop was all class, and Chis knew his trade.  Next time I am due for a cut, I will look no further than Leander's.  My only regret was not finding this shop before that last haircut-disaster.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,1/31/2013,30,204,3,5,5>When I was a child my Dad would take me to the butcher shops along Buckeye Road. I stood on saw dust covered wooden floors as he spoke in Hungarian ordering smoked and fresh kolbasz,. At the time I had no way of knowing I was forming a lifelong predilection. The scent of garlic, smoked bacon, paprika and onions, then and now take me home. Forgettabout oregano and tomatoes and olive oil. Y'all can keep your fat back and hot sauce or roux and trinity. The Hungarian butcher shops have gone the way of Euclid Beach and the steel mills. Yet, there are some remnants of the past. Dohar's is one. Happily I drive home from the West Side Market with my car having the scent of old Buckeye Road.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,1/30/2013,241,224,4,4,4>I love this place for many reasons, but the major reason is the PBR Game!!  We've spent many a Sunday in this establishment prior to Flying Monkey Karaoke.  And what is the PBR Game you may ask? The PBR Game is a lovely guessing game involving PBR bottles.  Each bottle has a specific card under the cap (4 of spades, Ace of Clubs, etc) and you get to guess for each beer purchased.  If you get it correct, YOU WIN A FREE BEER, and everyone in the bar cheers.  I know, 1 in 52 sounds like bad odds, but I've won 3 times.  3!! And, how many times have I played? I would rather not say ... ... Oh, they also have GREAT pizza, and allow dogs.  Sounds like heaven, right?
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,1/29/2013,45,258,2,3,3>Yum. It's nearing lunch time for me and I wish I could have one of these puppies today. Thinking about it makes my stomach feel like it's eating itself. There is a line, yes. It's funny to hear passersby comment on the massive line at Steve's. "Wow, this must be good. Look at the line!" And people in the line are nodding in agreement. It's $8 for a regular gyro, which is HUGE btw. Anyone interested in growing a muffin top? If your belly can't handle it, you better just split it with a friend because it is a lot of food. I cannot even fathom eating the larger one. It's more than enough. The meat makes it. Really it does. It is tender, and cooked to perfection. The outside is caramelized and some of the pieces have this awesome crunch to it all while being juicy and flavorful on the inside. Wrap that in a soft pita with some lettuce, tomato, and onion and wow. And also, let's not forget the delicious sauce with a little spicy kick. Not gonna lie. I want another one and I just got my fix on Saturday.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,1/28/2013,6,103,6,4,2>Upscale, urban and very comfortable, Provenance is the perfect place to rest after perusing the galleries. The restaurant looks out to wildlife and trees, bright in early-winter afternoon sun. The space is intimate and small, just right for a dinner for two. The crepes were lovely, the creme caramel very light, the perch and ravioli big hits. The wine list is acceptable, though the full bar promises better cocktails. Very nice overall. However, the staff were a bit of an embarrassment. In the museum of art, the waitstaff should be able to pronounce their dishes (our server didn't even try to say the French dishes, and she cut me off when I ordered the crepes by their name), and more importantly, their themes. The server couldn't pronounce Mary Cassat's name correctly. In a museum. Featuring a Mary Cassat exhibit not 100 feet away and Mary Cassat menu. Really?
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,1/27/2013,7,32,6,7,4>I'm so glad I discovered this place!  But caveat:  Bikram Yoga is not for everyone.  I got into "the habit" (and yes, it's kind of addicting) at the Bikram Yoga Harlem in NYC and I crave the heat and love to sweat.  If breaking into a sweat, makes you all hot and bothered (pun intended) this place is not for you.  This is a place for people who can handle the heat (no pun at all, just the simple truth).  Your first time at Bikram Yoga, three things are bound to happen: 1) You will feel like you are going to throw up.  it's okay.  I've only ever seen one person actually throw up. 2) You will feel like you are having a heart attack.  I still haven't seen anyone do this although I feel like maybe I've gotten pretty close a few times (usually when I've been out drinking and carrying on the night before.  When this feeling hits, the best thing is just to sit your butt down (head held above your heart) and think happy thoughts of "this too shall pass."  Works for me.  3) You might have an existential crisis.  Different people will deal with this in different ways.  I just tell myself to get over myself.  Seems to work.About this location:  I've been a few times and it was the same teacher.  She is great, cute East European accent and I like her matter of fact manner of leading the class.  No bs, no snobbery, no judgment, just getting you to a melting point.  I also like that, unlike the classes I took in NYC, this place isn't crowded (perhaps I shouldn't be writing such things on Yelp!).  My one complaint:  Can we please please please have soap in the showers?  First time I went, I thought they were temporarily out of soap, but second time, the soap dispensers had been removed!!   After sweating heavily for 90 minutes, I would please like to wash "all my areas" with some soap.  It doesn't have to be fancy soap, I'll take Softsoap.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,1/26/2013,97,533,,5,4>Off to a good start here. We got the Popeye pizza (lots of fresh spinach, as advertised) and really enjoyed it. Nice, fresh ingredients. I prefer my crust thin and crispy, but this standard crust was good, if slightly underdone in the middle. My husband liked his cran-habanero wings, too. Rize could use a better location, but they're turning out good food.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,1/25/2013,105,123,3,5,3>If you've come to this review hoping to find wonderful descriptions of food and other eatables, keep going.  I'm here to talk about alcohol.Black Pig is doing everything right.  Edgy enough beer list, cool enough wine list, freaking awesome cocktail list. Anyone who has the balls to put Fernet Branca on a menu deserves credit.  The drinks are inspired, edgy, and delicious.  A little strong, though, so tread carefully.  My favorite was the W 25th St Byrrh (their play on a Manhattan) but the Sticky Pig is great too.  If you like creative cocktails, this is the place for you!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,1/24/2013,98,206,2,5,2>Yes Virginia, real dives bars are still downtown. When I heard that Alan Glazen, of XYZ, ABC, OWGKTA, I was cringing that he was going to change the OSC from what it was (as I imagined it). Fortunately, one of the last remaining dives of downtown appears to be the same as it was before he bought it. hostesses/bartenders still wear the white dress shirt with tie. Nothing updated in the past 10 years - The dark wood tables, the classic green bankers lamps at each table [I love them], dimmer lighting, and prices from the 1990s. $4 Long Islands. The handful of drafts were all the poorer domestics - Genesse, etc. I had arrived with my sisters at Thursday, 10:30pm and they still had food cooking. I pastrami on seeded rye, satisfied my hunger, for $6 or 7, a good value, not very fatty either. Looking for a dive bar downtown, without paying a downtown premium for liquor ? You've found it.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,1/23/2013,47,35,,9,5>Margaret is a GEM. I was nervous to get an expensive cocktail dress altered for a wedding, I just imagined taking it somewhere and scissors hacking in to hundreds of dollars of fabric and sequins- but Margaret made it seem so simple. The fitting was quick and painless, and her accuracy and quality are unmatched. On the opposite end of the spectrum- I've also handed her a Forever 21 skirt, and she made it fit so well it did not look like it cost $20. She probably even fixed up some of their shoddy stitching! I would feel confident handing over anything to Margaret, her top-notch skill and passion undoubtedly shine when you receive your clothing back and it fits exactly how you had imagined! I was never one to get anything custom fit, but shes got me hooked!
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,1/21/2013,86,287,3,7,4>Family came in from out of town for Thanksgiving weekend, and they suggested doing one of those Lolly the Trolley tour things. Fine, whatever, I said, thinking in the back of my head, "Oh man, this is gonna be so lame," because I am obviously too cool for school. But the two-hour tour that we took was actually pretty bitchin'. It also made me feel kind of dumb that I know so little about the city I've called home for almost eight years. Did you know that John Heisman, who is credited as the inventor of the forward pass, was born in Ohio City? Or that, in the early days of Cleveland, the Irish were forced to live in the Flats so they didn't bother the Protestants on either side of the Cuyahoga? And the two-hour tour has a 20-minute stop-off at the Rockefeller public garden, another place I have ashamedly not been before. Totally recommended.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,1/19/2013,7,45,4,10,5>Yes!  A new place to feed my caffeine addiction!  I don't know if this technically counts as new since I've been a fan of their beans for a while now (these are the beans they use at the Root), but regardless I'm excited to see them open for business.  Let me start by saying that this is more for the coffee connoisseur than the casual fan.  And I don't mean that at all in a snobby or condescending way.  For real, I had to look up how to spell "connoisseur."  It's just that this is closer to a brewery or winery's tasting room than it is to a traditional coffee shop.  Just like you wouldn't go to Great Lakes to get a Miller Lite, don't come here expecting to get a frappucino.  When I walked in the first thing I noticed was the counter covered with beakers and bottles and brewing equipment that I've never even seen before.  It looked like stuff you'd see in a lab.  While I was waiting for my drink I watched them make a cup of coffee by fresh-grinding the beans, measuring out the perfect portion with an electric scale, placing them in some sort of tube contraption, precisely measuring the water temperature, and then pumping the brew out by hand like an upside down french-press.  All for one cup of coffee.  This is coffee as science and art, and as you'd expect, it's absolutely delicious.  The actual building is great too.  You can see the coffee roasters sitting behind the counter and I loved the mismatched vases, decanters, jars and other glassware they use.  My only gripe is that there's not much of a cafe inside, just a few tall tables to stand at.  Since so much effort goes into crafting these drinks it would be nice to be able to sit and enjoy them.  They've only been open for a week though, so who knows.  Overall, it's an absolute must visit for coffee fans!  I've been to a lot of coffee shops but I've never seen anyone do it like this.  This is coffee done the right way; I just hope it doesn't spoil me.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2012,1/18/2013,144,144,7,5,5>Yay! I'm a fan.. I'm loca for loco. It is a Saturday afternoon/evening and the pickings are slim. However, with a group I had a great time. Shots, shots, shots, shots, everybody. Bud light lime, don't mind if I do. Nommmm time; tacos and hangover burger. "I would order it everyday if I could." My BFF's words verbatim, referring to the burger. I really enjoyed their soft tacos with sriracha sauce, the spicier the better. Try the corn and bean salsa with hot sauce and chips, yummo. Great bar food, right on service and good times.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,1/17/2013,153,207,8,8,6>Ok, so I've kinda been a Pho kick lately. Those that know me, know that at times, I tend to get obsessed with things. I overwhelm myself with said item until I burn myself out. I'm an "all-in" or nothing at all guy. A few years ago it was Greek Pizza. A year before that, it was White Russians. I like variety to a certain extent. But I love having something to obsess over at all times.Ok, so where were we? Right, Pho. After recently being disappointed by a bowl of Pho and Bánh mì that I've had elsewhere, I needed redemption. So naturally, we went to Bac. The outside of Bac was done-up with super cute inflatable Christmas decorations. Holiday cheer was in the air. Now to the point... I ordered the Bánh mì to split with the missus and a bowl of Pho all for myself. The bánh mì was impressive as always. And during happy hour, it's only $5! I shudder to fathom this when comparing it to the Vietnamese sandwiches that can be had elsewhere in the city. Value and quality wise, it's the best bánh mì that Cleveland has to offer. The Pho was excellently done too. A mountain of razor thin slices of rare beef adorn the top of the bowl like a glowing angel perched on the top of a Christmas tree. Bells rung, angels got their wings, George Bailey appreciated life. When I dug into this bow of Pho, all was right in the world. The quality of ingredients in this bowl of steamy goodness was certainly superior to competing bowls in the area. Perhaps some would argue that the Pho at Bac is a modern take on an ancient classic. But I found it to be the work of a craftsman--someone who clearly has an eye of an artist, but the soul of a chef remains intact.  I found the broth to be perfectly spiced (not heat wise, but of cinnamon, cardamon and coriander.) In other words, the flavors of the season. With the leaves of trees now missing and the crisp temperatures of the night air, it was exactly what I was after. It also happened to pair perfectly with a Christmas brew. Rogue's Santa's Private Reserve to be exact.Following our meal, just the same as our previous visits, the owner checked on everyone's table to make sure all was well. A well run establishment like this that continues to deliver consistently executed plates deserves respect. There's not a lot of them around, but this is one of them.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,1/16/2013,162,287,14,12,10>Yelp won't leave me alone until I write this review. (Back up off me, Yelp!)First, I'll say this. The only reason we went to Siam Cafe was because Wonton BBQ was closed. Sorry, truth. BUT!!!!!.... I'm not sad about it. Siam was very good.My family and I were the only non-Asians in the whole place. Very good sign. The menu is overwhelming. One of the only things I didn't like, but that's to be expected at a place that offers so many different types of authentic Asian noms. Everything was supremely fresh. They even have fish in tanks that you'll later see on your plate! Tons of fish. Lobsters and frogs, too. Oh, I'm sorry. Did that make you squeamish? Muahahaha! Too bad. Portions are out of control huge. I went with four family members and we all ordered an entree and had boxes and boxes of leftovers to take home. Plus, we got a few appetizers and soups, too. We're all fat but that was way too much even for us chubbies. Service was wonderful. They really catered to my bratty child and brought out his pho almost right away. And they didn't mind that he insisted on standing by the fish tanks for a big chunk of the time we were there. I'm trying to get back soon to try more of their rotund menu.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,1/15/2013,21,245,,4,5>I was looking for an Indian cuisine near downtown and this place popped up with very good reviews on yelp. I was there for Sunday afternoon lunch buffet at 11:30 AM. There were only two people in the hall and lunch was served fresh and hot, just like it should be served! This was menu for lunch buffet: salad, raita, tamarind chutney, mint chutney, tandoori chicken, lamb biryani, dum aloo, chole, tadka daal, basmati rice, rice pudding and gulab jamun. Naan was served fresh on the table, which was very very nice! Ambiance is good in this place with high ceiling and a large hall, most likely from the previous establishment, with a large bar. Parking is easy to find on the street or in nearby lots. Food is very good. I really liked it a lot actually. I was particularly impressed by the taste of daal. I enjoyed everything on the menu. Unlike some indian places in Cleveland metro area, it is not extra spicy and reasonably priced. I had a chat with the chef and he seemed to be very open to criticism and suggestions !!I have a feeling I will be a regular here.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,1/14/2013,24,98,,3,2>This place is situated in one of the oldest buildings in Kamm's Corners, and it's cozy and pleasant inside and on the patio.  The menu offers many items not available at typical Mexican-American Restaurants (i.e., they have some actual Mexican foods, like tamales, mole poblano, cazuelada, and burros).  Their salsas are also more traditional, and quite tasty.  Apart from that, they have all the items one would demand of a typical Mexican place.  I'm not sure if the staff were related, but their interactions and comfort with each other led me to feel like they were a family, running a business together.  There were no eye rolls when i asked for a highchair, which was nice.  I gave them an extra star for the traditional Mexican Items, but There are a couple of things that could be better:1.  Their menu is a bit pricey for the type of food.  Most Mexican places are in the single dollar sign range for Yelp, but their menu is full of $10-15 items.2.  They don't have any draft beers, only bottles.Still, it's a great place to enjoy a meal with friends on a summer night.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,1/13/2013,128,94,1,7,2>I have totally begun a love affair with this Avon Lake gem. I drive twenty minutes from Westlake (usually the scenic route) on all my work from home days to grab a iced vanilla latte made with skim, its fabulous and not too bitter.Rio is situated out front in the Drug Mart parking lot, in front of Kenilworth and a Subway on Walker Road. Best part? They have a drive-thru. But, be careful that you don't enter the drive-thru going the wrong way! I definitely almost made that mistake my first visit.On most of my trips to Rio, I've gone inside to order. I just like the atmosphere. The staff is welcoming and friendly and I've never felt that overly pretentious vibe you can get at some other independently owned coffee shops. Rio just keeps it real.Rio carries lots of whole coffee beans for purchase including some Rainforest Caramel Crunch, Hawaiian Coconut Cream, and some delicious Kona Blend, among others. They also offer a selection of Torani syrups and various other Rio swag (coffee cups, travel mugs, etc.).The sunlit patio (see pictures) is a great place to sip an iced brew on a warm day. Inside you will find a quaint seating area with comfy chairs and tables, with shelves stacked high with random books and board games for your entertainment pleasure. Rio also has free WIFI in case you're trying to get some work done while fueling up on some caffeine.Let me also mention you enter Rio from the front of the building which happens to face Walker, which confused me at first - but what else is new. At least there's a sign that directs you to the door - so I must not be the only one that has felt this way. Every time I enter Rio I really feel like I'm finding something unique and special. Its definitely a great locally owned place.Rio carries a TON of food options. And like Cara has said it does seem a bit Sysco-y, but! they make up for it with the care they put into preparing it for you. The boyfriend and I have gotten breakfast to go more than once and our selections have been super tasty (a bacon egg and cheese croissant and a sausage egg and cheese wheat bagel). Rio's pastry selection could be a bit better... it makes me sad that they don't appear to bake on location like some other coffee shops do (hello, Arabica of North Ridgeville). Most of Rios pastries (muffins, danishes, lemon loaf) look like they came from Costco.A fab thing about Rio is that the website and menus inside the shop include approximated Weight Watchers points. I love the effort they put into serving health conscious fare.All in all I cannot pass up my iced vanilla latte on any trip. It's not bitter, it doesn't make me overly jittery, and it isn't overly sweet - its the right mix of everything I want my morning brew to be. If you live close, or are up for a nice little ride out to Avon Lake, check them out!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,1/12/2013,32,55,3,3,3>Well done, popcorn shop. When my boyfriend pulled me away from the overpriced priced Jeni's next door, I was expecting boring, bland Pierre's style ice cream (don't get me started on Pierre's) but reluctantly agreed to try it out.  I ended up smiling all around, and here's why:-Solid flavors, including staples like Mint Chocolate Chip (actually mint cookie, which is like combining puppies and rainbows for a mint chocolate chip/cookies and cream aficionado like myself) as well as more unique ones, like the Salted Caramel flavor I tried which was damn good. I'm craving it still.-Service was incredibly sweet and friendly. I was given a cake cone (which is clearly for suckers) without realizing it, and the girl behind the counter without hesitation offered to switch it onto a sugar cone for me- likely when she noticed the despair in my eyes.  Maybe she's used to diverting little kid tantrums in there, I don't know, but she was great.-Price- honestly you can't beat this. Really cheap. I think the two of us made it out of there on $5-The store- very cute old timey candy shop. A few small tables and seats to look down onto the falls while you enjoy your treats.-The falls! There was nothing better than getting a couple scoops with my love and enjoying the beautiful, sunny autumn day walking around the falls. I won't be so reluctant next time :)
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,1/11/2013,74,71,,3,2>I have absolutely nothing bad to say about this place.  I've been here with so many different groups of people (despite my 1 check in!) and have had an excellent experience each time.  This review is going to be short, simple, and sweet:The beer & drink menus rock.  A lot of different options to suit everyone's wants, needs, desires.Food also rocks: try the tacos, the soft pretzel (a personal fave), and the pierogies (also a personal fave).  The location, decor, and vibe are awesome and it's large so you don't feel claustrophobic.  Great for groups.  Also home to one of my favorite patios.If you haven't been here yet, then you absolutely should check it out.  Swing by after an Indian's game or grab lunch after a trip to the West Side Market.  Perfect place to plop down, relax, and have a drink.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,1/10/2013,22,41,3,10,7>It's gonna start looking like I'm handing out 5-star reviews left and right at this rate, but here is yet another Indian place about which I can't help but give praise. My brain is still recovering from how much it was exploded by this food.First of all, these guys are straight out of India. They're from Kerala, which is famous for its spices. The authenticity really comes through in the food, which is absolutely fantastic. It's insanely good. I felt like I was robbing the place, too, because the food is cheap!Just a quick note: although their menu is small, if you've got a hankering for some special dish, just ask if they know how to make it. Chances are they do, and they will, happily. When you walk in to the tiny little front room (it is, after all, carry-out only), you'll be greeted happily by some of the most awesome people I've met in some time. While we were waiting for our food we had an amazing conversation about India, where we have traveled, and all about the awesome food. They are really knowledgeable about their food and happy to share information about different Indian dishes. I really don't think I've ever had such an awesome, hospitable experience at any restaurant in my whole life. They also brought us free Pakoras while we were waiting and they were wonderful. Awesomely spiced, more potato-filled than most Pakoras I've had, but it made them taste a little less heavy. The food speaks for itself. I had a Masala Dosa (a special for the day) and the thing is so big they give it to you in a pizza box. It came with a colorful coconut-tasting, mildly spicy sauce and a medium-hot vegetable curry on the side. This is the real deal, folks. Holy crap, was it amazing. I feel saddened for every east-sider who has not yet experienced Taste of Kerala. Indian food at its finest, and absolutely the closest to India you can get while staying in Cleveland. We had people walk up to us while we were eating it and ask where we got it!You owe it to yourself to go here. You could probably dig enough change out of your car to pay for your whole lunch, and it is 100% fantastic.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,1/9/2013,4,19,4,8,4>Went to their grand opening on the June 17th and despite the fact that they were slammed I cannot say enough about the customer service and hustle the entire Retro Dog team exhibited.  The wait was long due to the insane amount of guests but have every expectation that their service will be no less than amazing going forward.  The atmosphere is bright and upbeat with an updated diner feel.  The original artwork speaks for itself.I tried the Retro Dog as I am a HUGE fan of Coney dogs.  The sauce was different and sweeter than the "traditional" Coney sauce but a good surprising spin on an old original.  Toppings were ample and the natural casing hot dog cooked to perfection.  I ordered the Coney fries to go with and I may have overdosed on the Coney aspect of things and think they might ne better paired with a different dog.  Delicious all the same.The custard cone with the salted chocolate dip and caramel was ridiculous.  Although full from my meal, I still couldn't help but finish.  The salted chocolate adds the perfect savory to the caramel's and custard's sweet.  Retro Dog is definitely worth a visit and I plan on returning multiple times to try the entire menu.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,1/8/2013,137,196,,4,1>This is by far one of the best hiking trails i have done. Located in the Cuyahoga Valley National Park it is rated moderate to difficult. In fact at some points you find yourself saying "is that really part of the path?" The scenery in some parts is jaw dropping as you pass by massive ledges and explore cool caves. Make sure to take the Overlook part of the trail which will give you beautiful views of the county side and dense woods of the park. You can see for miles. The overlook also has picnic tables and grills which would make for an amazing place for a family picnic. You can sit on the edge of the ledges and look out over one of the best views in Northeast Ohio while munching on ribs or a burger... If you start the trail at the Happy Days lodge parking area, you will walk through this tunnel under the road that looks more like a drain pipe. It is very neat, but it smells a little like.. pee. Then you pass through a cemetery from the 1800's that is very cool. From there the path takes you deep into the park, past Ice Box cave, around the ledges, up to overlook and then back around the loop. I am not sure of the total length of the trail, but i think all the legs of the loop combined are approximately 5 miles. I really dont see this as being a bike-able trail but i dont remember seeing signs that you couldn't. Highly recommended for the kids on a nice summer day. Its so massive that its never crowded and you can move at your own pace.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,1/7/2013,28,94,2,3,3>Move over, #1; Superior Pho has become the best place to eat pho in Cleveburgh!  Superior Pho's pho is amazing - fresh, savory, delicious soup.  Fantastic for cold winters, or anytime!  There is a parking lot directly behind Superior Pho, as well as lots of street parking on Superior and the side street, and you can enter directly through the back door in the parking lot.  Every time I've been there over the last two years, they've been busy, but they'll find a way to get you in without much of a wait.  Service is friendly and mostly efficient.  Great for takeout, but great to eat here, too!  They recently expanded their dining space, and they now have a nice window and slightly better decor.  We like to check out Superior Pho before going to a show in PlayhouseSquare, or it's even very doable for lunch if you work downtown and can drive your car there easily.  Also, it's cheap!  Most of their dishes are $7-9, and the soup is enough for two meals.Highly recommended overall!!!
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,1/6/2013,6,71,,4,1>Stopped here after a meeting in the area, enjoyed the happy hour deals.  I wouldn't consider this a full review, since I didn't have a genuine "meal"...$5 mojitoes (among other choices) and $5 apps.  The mojito was excellent; crisp & refreshing.We shared 3 apps, chips and guac (regular), cuban sandwich, and blackened fish tacos.  Guac was very good, but the chips were a real treat - corn, taro & plantain  chips make for a great random mix of flavor & texture.  The fish taco was delicious, a generous portion for $5.  I'd maybe remove just a bit of the slaw & veggies so the filing ratio was a little heavier on the fish, but that's a nitpick.  Really good cuban sandwich; makes me wonder why you don't see this on more menus.I'm looking forward to a return visit, but the happy hour bar deal was so good, it's almost hard to imagine coming here for a full dinner.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,1/5/2013,104,314,2,6,2>Stopped in to Whitey's again today with the family as we were taking a road trip around the farmland of Ohio.  We wanted to fill up our tanks before we went to Hinckley Lake.Today, I ordered the Maggie burger w/ a side of chicken chili and onion rings.  My kids ordered a pepperoni pizza and fries.  My wife ordered the Outlander burger.My chili was delivered first and it was very tasty.  I loved it!  It had nice chunks of tasty chicken, the right amount of spice (it had a little kick!), and it was just plain good.  Then the fries and onion rings arrived.  Those too, were really tasty.  I dipped my fries in the yummy malt vinegar that's on all the tables here.  The fries had the appearance, texture, and taste of being fresh cut.  The onion rings were served in a heaping mound.  They were pleasing to the eye and delicious to the pallet.  Nice and crunchy.  Yum!Then our burgers arrived.  Mine was overflowing with onions and mushrooms.  It looked amazing!  It was cooked correctly (medium) and it was served on a soft, warm bun.  Totally satisfying!The wife's bacon burger was really tasty too, but she almost couldn't finish it all.  The burgers come with a pickle that was also tasty.  We ended up bringing some leftover fries home because they give you so many!With tip, our four meals came to $50.  Bonus points were awarded for the knockout blonde waitress we had.Recommend if you're out this way.  In fact, I recommend making the trip all the way out to Whitey's if you've never visited.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,1/4/2013,44,53,2,8,4>Hey!I thought this place was pretty good. They serve breakfast all day!The prices are great! Cheap! Made me wonder why I spend $15 on brunch when I can get a darn good spinach and feta omelette for $4.50. My friend got the two egg breakfast. The food came out pretty fast, Service was attentive. My coffee cup was always full. The place was clean. And I got to eat breakfast for lunch!
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2012,12/31/2012,88,107,2,3,2>I have been 5x already and it's pretty delicious/unique.  They are partnered with Bon Appetit catering services and they follow a local ingredient philosophy, which is refreshing. I always get the entree special or the fajita salad from the kitchen at the very back of the restaurant.Some of their special entrees are better than others and they change weekly, if not daily.  It's nice to get a little variety in their offerings, although I do miss some of their dishes.  I have been disappointed with their Fig Stuffed Chicken breasts with mashed potatoes.  The chicken was dry and lacked any real flavor other than the sweet figs.  The mashed potatoes were so-so, the potatoes was slightly dry and didn't have any seasoning.  The Crab Cakes were a bit more delicious and flavorful than the stuffed chicken breast.  Their Parmesan Crusted Chicken with Cauliflower Puree was AMAZINGLY GOOD.  It didn't need the typical tomato sauce on top, it was ridiculously delicious on its own.  It was served with a side of pesto to go with it, which I poured all over my cauliflower pure.  It was remarkable.  If I don't end up getting their daily entree, I usually go after their shrimp fajita salad.  The shrimp skewer is nicely seasoned.  Good, but not the best.  The fajita salad is a large portion with a nice amount of fajita topping to go with the shrimp.  I think the only thing I don't like about the salad is that they don't de-skewer the shrimp and I have to de-skewer it myself.  I really want more of that Parmesan Crusted Chicken! The only real downside is that sometimes the portions for the daily special entree can be a bit small for the 10-12.00 price tag.  However, it is definitely worth a check out, especially the daily entree.  They post their daily menu on their website FYI, in case you want know what the menu is before you trek out there.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,12/30/2012,68,49,1,4,1>Yes...the location isn't the most convenient, however, I'm willing to go out of my way for a good local business! Also, ignore the one review that states the coffee is bad...they obviously don't know what they are talking about. The coffee is excellent and the sandwiches, tea and pastries are amazing. I love this place. They have wifi and yes...lace doilies on the tables. This is the perfect place for a baby shower or wedding shower (they do rent out the place for such events). I highly recommend!
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,12/29/2012,45,266,2,4,4>This place is soo good and one of those places you will most likely feel way too full when leaving. Also the service here was really great, the servers were fast and gave a whole shpeel (sp?) about all their sauces and menu items. We got the cheesy corn as an appetizer. It was amazing. Those little corn chips are so good that they give to dip with. This 'appetizer' however was enough for us both to be full. we took most of it home. Then we had chorizo arepas. They let you add in or out any of the arepa ingredients. It was a perfect vehice for trying all the different sauces at the table. The garlic one was super garlicky and good. I couldn't pick a favorite though. The fries were just standard. I'll be back. I would like to try something from the gourmet menu like the shrimp ceviche or the steak with chimchurri sauce.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,12/28/2012,97,170,1,4,2>First time here and it was perfect! I went with a group of friends and had the greatest pleasure in eating at this (I think the best place compared to all of Zack Bruell's other places) nice, classy fine dining restaurant. Dim lighting, jazz music playing in the background, felt like I was in a different city. To start, I had their  "Meiomi" Pinot Noir which was light and smooth. Not much of a dry aftertaste, just right. I had the chance to try my friend's Escargot and it was delicious. A bit heavy on the cream and salt but overall it was cooked right. For my entree, I had their duck confit which was absolutely mind blowing. The meat was cooked just right with the crisp skin on top, and the sweet potatoes mash with the caramelized cabbage altogether made this dish delightful to eat. The only thing I didn't get is the spinach garnish, to me I didn't think it had to be there. Definitely a place to show your out of townies' friends.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,12/27/2012,263,228,3,6,6>ambitious menusolid food on Detroit road  does not disappointI was in a bind on a Saturday night prime time.  Planned to go to Ginza for sushi, but I forgot there was a Cav's game and parking would be a nightmare.  After calling numerous spots in O.C. and no chance for a table, we ventured down Detroit Rd, thinking maybe Minh Ahn or the like, and Luxe came to mind.  They managed to squeeze us in on the fly at the only open table in the house.  The place was humming.  Great crowd, and we were seated right by the kitchen.  That right there is a well oiled machine.  They were cranking out food at a tremendous pace.  Of course, we were in a bit off a hurry, and starving.  We put our order in all at once, the food came out quickly.  Very impressive. Very.  Service was friendly and efficient.Solid and well priced wine list.  A few interesting cocktails as well, that I intend to try next time.  And next time will be soon, as the food was well prepared, good sized portions, and nice flavor balance.  I will definitely explore this menu more soon.We only had a few appetizers and 1 entree.  Roasted brussel sprouts - tasty and so very slightly undercooked.  Some may quibble that they could have been cooked a it more, but still very acceptable.  The meatball small plate was a win as well.  My short rib tartine was fine.  Also had was a roasted squash salad, that was surprisingly rich in flavor.  Off the charts greatness came in the form of begneits for dessert.  Wow.  Three ramekins of dips for them - a light caramel, dark chocolate, and blueberry.  These little pillows of fried dough goodness were flawless. Great vibe in the place.  Young, high energy service, rockin' kitchen, No complaints, and worth a spot as one of your "go-to" restaurants in Cleveland!Carry on...
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2012,12/26/2012,336,288,3,9,5>Eddie 'N Eddie is a newcomer to the burgeoning Lakewood foodie scene having been open only about a month now but if I have anything to say about it I hope they're here for the long-haul. Our first visit was on a Wednesday evening around 6:30. We walked in and were immediately greeted by the smiling host and shown to our seats at the rear of the restaurant. The atmosphere is open, friendly and inviting. Warm lighting, natural materials and a layout that makes you want to linger are all used in the perfect proportions.So this place is supposed to be known for their bourbon. I don't drink the stuff so I can't comment. What they do have is a great beer list without a single big-box brew to be found. 12 taps and a selection of 14 bottles. Whenever I'm able to sample craft beer I've never tried before it's a good thing. On this night I went with draught versions of Great Divide's Hades (a Belgian pale ale, 7.8%) and a collaboration beer from Bruery / Elysian / Stone called La Citrueille Celeste De Citracado (brewed with Honey malt, brown malt, and rye malt, yams, pumpkin, toasted fenugreek, lemon verbena, and birch bark. Warrior hops, and New Zealand Motueka hops). Eddie 'N Eddie's beer list proves that size doesn't always matter.Our server was attentive and prompt. She was quick to explain the specials and recommend some different options for our inaugural experience. She even went as far as to let my wife sample the baked beans to gauge the spice level (hint, they are a bit spicy). The menu has to be one of the most intelligently written and well organized I've ever seen. It's clear that some serious thought went into its design with a tempting selection of starters, salads, burgers (of course) and side with a few larger entrées in the mix for the heartier appetites in the group. Here's the rundown of our gastrointestinal getdown:Bardstown Cornbread - I'm hesitant to call this one a disappointment, but it was my least favorite dish of the evening. For starters, this aint your mamma's cornbread. It's got bacon, white cheddar, roasted pablanos, and a generous accompaniment of butter and house-made marmalade. It was tasty, don't get me wrong, but it reminded me more of a frittata than cornbread in texture and I thought the bacon could have been crispier. I also didn't care for the marmalade; it just didn't seem to fit.Half Cobb Wedge w/Grilled Chicken - My wife loves the wedge and this one didn't disappoint. Iceberg, avocado, tomato, bacon, egg and crumbled blue cheese. The lettuce and veg were bright and crispy and the chicken breast was cooked perfectly. It's not rocket science but when you're cooking simple you've gotta nail it. They did.Chicken Pot Pie with Honey-Sage Potato Croquettes - A word of advice, once you have this pot pie you're going to be saddled with a lie you'll have to tell your mother and grandmother for the rest of your life, "Yes, Nana/Mom you make the best pot pie in the world." This was the best pot pie I've ever eaten. The butter-brushed crust was cooked a wonderful golden brown and pierced just enough to give you a glimpse of the inner goodness - carrots, peas, celery, juicy chunks of chicken and a sauce I've already had dreams about. The croquettes were brilliant. Crispy on the outside and filled with a smooth sage potato puree. The drizzle of honey was an addition I'm still not sold on. I might have to try them again to make sure...Chocolate-Vanilla Pecan Pie - We were stuffed but we couldn't stop ourselves. We ordered a slice to go. This was a delicious take on traditional pecan pie. Insert some smooth cream cheese filling inside the pie and drizzle with chocolate syrup. The only thing it was missing was a big glass of milk and a belt that was loosened a couple of notches. It's not often that I leave a restaurant pleasantly stuffed and still wanting more but that's exactly what happened to me here. Serving some of the best food I've had in ages in a wonderfully designed location in the heart of one of Cleveland's rich cousin suburbs, Eddie 'N Eddie get it right. I can't wait to bury my fork tines-deep in another pot pie the next time I'm sitting in one of their chairs.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2012,12/25/2012,54,46,1,1,1>Do you like Italian food..........Then you must go here.  Had the Lunch Buffet and it was AWESOME.  It was hot it was good and it was a good price.  Keeping this review short and sweet because I am now a fan of Stancato's.  Two Thumbs up and a huge smile from this guy right here!!!!!
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,12/23/2012,88,79,5,6,5>Yep, five stars. I'm updating my review because I've noticed that many places I've reviewed (and loved) are now closed. The Dredgers Union closing was a big blow. And I actually liked at first how the Dragonfly Lounge tried a different vibe than everyone else. But it too is gone. So is Phoenix Coffee on West 9th. How did it close? It was the best coffee house in Cleveland.That said, the Old Angle is immune. As others have pointed out, it's more than a bar. I am not that cool of a guy, but the bartenders always act as though I am, and make most everyone feel welcome. I came here to call the police, passing up many other places with telephones, after having a gun in my face while getting robbed. Maybe this place makes you feel safe. Roaring fireplaces have that effect sometimes. They also gave me a set of shot glasses after my stepmother passed away. She loved the Angle too, despite only being there a couple times with me.But, this is a review site, so I'll get back to the point.Their shortrib sliders are the best food item on West 25th Street. Order them. Tonight.I can't imagine a pub able to consume more Powers whiskey than this place. They've even got me drinking it sometimes. They would be able to defeat any bar, anywhere, in a "Powers-Off" (should have done that during the blackout. Man, do I need to be in marketing).That is all.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,12/22/2012,353,269,,3,3>Decided to come here while my daughter was at a concert down the road.  Well, I should clarify... I never just happen upon a place- I scope/Yelp it out!  After looking into other options, I picked Brothers, mostly becuase of its location to the concert.I was immediately impressed with their private parking lot & was even more impressed with the interior. I thought the lighting, woodwork and ambiance were wonderful & tasteful.  Our service was great, too.I don't recall what I ordered because nothing on the menu looks familiar so it must have been a special.  I think it was polenta and it was pretty good.  I remember not getting much for the price, but liked the atmosphere.  There was a nice variety on the menu so I think there is something for everyone. Connected to the restaurant is the wine bar, which seemed a little more upscale & quiet.  We had some apps in the bar & then went to the main venue and listened to some guy talk about Bob Marley.  Not a Marley fan, but it was interesting & I am glad I went.I would recommend this gem to anyone looking for some new entertainment.  I will be keeping my eye out on their calendar!
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2012,12/21/2012,44,84,11,9,7>There's a certain thrill, eating at a restaurant that's not meant for you.  The food?  That's for you.  But the restaurant itself is clearly meant for the convenience of the owners, right down to the TV that's blaring Spanish-language TV loud enough to be heard at the back of the kitchen.  They sell DVDs behind the counter because hell, why not.  And the tables get cleaned up whenever the hell they get around to it; I sat there for an hour, and the crusted plate of beans on the table next to me never moved.  You can practically hear them mutter: "We made good food, so you can feed two people for ten bucks.  They want cushioned seats?  Screw it, let them get takeout.  They can eat in their living room."The shame of Pupuseria is that it's only open until 9:00, because this is perfect drunk food.  I will now crave this after a night hitting bars, since the food is cheap, filling, and hot.  The pupusa is a small, thick pancake of fried cheese and meat, somewhere between a pancake and a quesadilla, but it's pretty damned delicious.  The hot sauce that comes with it is surprisingly citrusy and tangy, not so much hot as flavorful, and the refried beans are a solid dark purple smear that goes down easy.  Is it the best food ever?  No.  Is it the best food you're likely to get for four bucks?  Oh hell yes. It's so good you don't begrudge them the slivers of meat they use; my daughter ordered a chicken tortilla, and it was probably 95% tortilla and 5% chicken.  But they'd saturated it with chicken flavor.  Good enough.  The people here are friendly, they serve up cheap eats, and if you can tune out the loud Spanish TV, you can even have a conversation.  In their turf.  They'll allow it, being magnanimous as they are.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,12/20/2012,48,84,3,4,2>Ambiance: 4. There's a certain charm to the West Side Market and all its attachments.  WSM Café is no exception - it's a place that feels like it hasn't changed too dramatically in the last few decades.  Despite the classic diner feel though, tables aren't too terribly close together.Cost: 5. They seem to have just launched a new menu, yet stuck with rock bottom diner prices.  Two words: Market Breakfast (ok a few more words, 2 eggs, home fries & toast).  One price: $3.50.  Beat that $5 footlong.Food Quality: 3. Acceptable quality for a nice morning breakfast before shopping at that market or as a stop on the hangover recovery train.  Love the spicy bacon.  Had the pancakes in the past which are also pretty good, and they serve real syrup too.Service: 3. Hit or miss over the multiple times I've been, but in typical diner fashion then tend to care more about themselves and less about the customers.  That said, I've had a few great waitresses recently.  It's also nice they they're open on Sunday despite WSM being closed.When to return: Pre-West Side Market shopping.  Hungover.  When the bank account is dwindling ahead of payday.  For a no-frills breakfast/brunch.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,12/18/2012,25,96,3,4,4>hands down this remains our favorite  asian food spot in Cleveland.  we went last night after I heard there was a fruit fly infestation at Cambodia Du cuisine (a friend was there for lunch).  nothing ruins my dining experience like fruit flies. it is always consistent here.  the food is always hot and fresh when brought to the table.  I had the shrimp rolls & pho last night.  The chow mien noodles are always fried and are delightfully crispy.  the service is great and the price is very affordable. we like the chrysanthemum tea alsoI'm going to put this back on my need at least once a week list : )
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,12/17/2012,59,395,2,5,7>This place is amazing!  I came here when I first moved to CLE and appreciated the view of the skyline from the west side of the city.  After that I didn't make much of an effort to come here and then moved away.  Now that I'm back (semi-temporarily), one of the first things I wanted to do was visit Edgewater park.  I didn't have a good reason, just that good memory of my first time in the city and wanting to recapture a sense of novelty.  One of the last days of Indian Summer this past week was the perfect opportunity to go back.  I got out of work in the afternoon and immediately made the trek down to the park.  It was a perfect fall day, verging on summer temperatures, and an amazing day to appreciate both nature and the city all at the same time.  The lake was a sapphire blue, sailboats dotted the horizon, and the gulls kept their distance so I avoided getting bombed.  I almost felt like I was at the ocean, and since I love the waterfront, I was one happy camper.  Be sure your next visit to CLE includes a trip to Edgewater Park, especially if it's a nice day.  It's a great treat on the waterfront and one not to be missed if you have the chance!
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2012,12/16/2012,56,103,6,6,2>Okay,  it takes QUITE a bit to really impress me when it comes to pizza. Not because I'm an aficionado or because I've spent half my life in Italy/NY/Chicago from where apparently all pizza-G-ds hail. It takes quite a bit to really impress me with pizza because....well, it's fucking pizza. Come on. Not that exciting.Clearly, something has been missing from my world. Now, I'm not saying that my mind was blown by the pizza. Or even that I'd make a trip to Hudson SPECIFICALLY for this pizza, but it was really damn good. I've said it a million times in my reviews: If you're going to do simple food, you better be certain that every ingredient and preparation is spot on.3 Palms succeeded where other simple food places have failed (I'm looking at you, Pandora's Cupcakes and Melt). The arugula salad was crisp, clean, and not decorated with a bunch of bullshit ingredients so they could charge twice the price with half the class. It was perfect. Not a single discolored, ripped, or mottled piece. The pizza, the Bianca and Verde,  was splendid. The same crisp arugula, creamy ricotta, a flavorful but not overpowering garlic sauce, and since we added chicken, mounds of delightfully moist rotisserie chicken. The food was fantastic. But. That's not why they earned 5 stars. They earned 5 stars because solid food was backed up by an unbelievable wait-staff and one of the best Manhattans I've had in a VERY long time. Basil Hayden is officially my new favorite bourbon.The waiters (all of ours were male) were phenomenal, attentive, but not intrusive. Glasses were refilled, food came out at an appropriate pace, and samples of all of their gelato flavors were unexpectedly and happily delivered to us. The manager chatted with us like we were the main event of the night. And after an incredibly long day, the kindness and attentiveness that they gave us, was unbelievably refreshing and welcome. And. To the gorgeous, red-bearded chef who hugged me even though I was clearly out of my mind and not entirely sober....thank you. The pizza was good; the hug was even better.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,12/15/2012,130,58,,5,4>This is a review for old school hip-hop night.  Takes place on the last Saturday of every month.  It's super fun!  I love the music! It can get super hot down there and it's a bummer there's a $10 cover (in Cleveland, really??) but if you go every now and then it's worth it for a good time.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,12/14/2012,178,155,4,7,5>My new favorite late night eatery.Serving food until 2am!This has become my go-to spot for late night eats. The beer and wine selection is great. They even have my favorite Breckenridge Vanilla Porter on tap! The food is, overall, pretty awesome. I have had some duds, but the burgers and pizzas are incredible. The pizza alone is worth making a trip here. I will say the regular margherita was a bit bland, but the Sunnyside, my fav, is one of the best pizzas in town with a slightly runny egg. Almost comparable to my lovely Crostada's, the pizzas are authentic Neapolitan style.The fries are super crispy and the dipping sauces they come with are amazing. I especially like the tangy garlic aioli. Burgers are great, but lacking in cheese. I always get extra cheese and it's perfect.Service is OK. Can be slow if you're at a table. Best to sit at the bar. They don't seem to always have a dedicated server for the floor. I often see the bartender trying to tackle both.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,12/13/2012,46,454,8,5,9>If ya havnt been here ya dont now what your missing.  Its a Cleveland institution.  Everything youve ever wanted from your childhood and more!  They also have great gag gifts and cards.  I personally like the rock n roll stuff at the counter in the front of the store.  Lots of Ramones, Sex Pistols and Stones stuff!  Last time I brought my daughter there we walked out with a rubber snake and a Bud Lt beer can necklace..lol.  She got to pick and it only cost me 2 bucks!  The also have a photo booth which is fun after 10 beers at the Lizard.  Pants are optional come to find out...  If your looking for a certain He Man doll or Rainbow Brite socks..they have it.  Just be warned, not all is cheap.  Some stuff can be way over priced....and this may be the reason I see it sitting on the shelf everytime I go back.  Check Ebay frist..most likely you can find it half the price.  Now I just need to find a Hillbilly Jim WWF wresting fiigure and I have my collection set!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,12/12/2012,168,231,,5,3>Excellent cuisine from the south region of India.  Service is very good when the usual waitress does it, more of a curt transaction when the gentlemen waiters do it.  We had chai tea (excellent), vindaloo (also excellent), plain naan, and three southern dishes that my Indian friend pronounced excellent.  We also had the mildly spiced samosas.  I have also enjoyed the large buffet here, which is diverse and inexpensive.  My Indian friends were, overall, pleased with this place.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,12/11/2012,49,122,4,8,5>Oh Scoundrels.. The hidden gem just around the corner from my house.. It might not look like much.. and when you walk in it might not seem like much.. but MANY a fun night can happen at this place.  They have life music on the weekends (local bands that usually have the parking lot PACKED). During the week they run a number of different specials/events including; Karoake and Trivia.  The Wednesday night trivia group is the best.  Drinks are only 2 bucks (yes almost everything in the place) and pizza's are 5 bucks for a large cheese (1 dollar per additional topping).  The staff is the bomb! The clientele are much more fun and accepting than the stereotypes of the place would make it seem.  Highly recommend this for fun nights out!
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,12/10/2012,167,334,1,5,3>This review "update" is for Happy Hour.Friday my friend and I stopped in Pier W before heading to Cinema at the Square at Playhouse Square to watch Rebel Without a Cause. (I heart James Dean).  The bar was packed.  Every seat was taken and while this was not a problem for my friend and me it obviously was for some.We sidled up to the bar, yelled our drink order and promptly received two glorious beverages.  Soon after, we landed a spot to sit and our cocktail waitress was sweet and attentive considering the hubbub around us.Still true to form the W offers great service and drinks (and food even though we didn't eat this time).  The W is of the best spots for a more up-scale happy hour!
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,12/9/2012,76,89,1,10,5>OK. First thing you need to know is that this place is in a fairly shady area of Cleveland - the first time I went there I was pretty sure my GPS had gotten me lost. But the place itself is nice, homey and pretty darned awesome!Basically this place is a German Bar with cheap food! A Litre of beer costs you $6. Yes. A litre of Heffeweisen. Or Dunkel. Or an IPA. $6. Insane. And then there's the food. Taco Tuesdays where you have about 16 different types of tacos for a dollar each. Wing Wednesdays where you get tasty wings with a seemingly endless combination of dry rubs or sauces for about $2.50 (or is it $3?) a lb. And 75 cent Burger Thursdays. And to top it off, they have a old school jukebox, a pool table, a Table Tennis table and a coin operated mini bowling lane (which is frigging awesome)No matter which day of the week you go to this place, you cannot go wrong.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2012,12/8/2012,7,97,1,2,3>We heard word that Spoke, a jazz ensemble that we know from Brooklyn, was playing at Nighttown, just down the road from us, on a Monday night. We got on our bikes, and minutes later we were seated at a table for two in an intimate, dimly-lit dining area just a few feet from the performers, and having another one of those "wow, Cleveland is awesome" moments. We really did feel like we'd stepped into a jazz club from another era. Though we planned to order halloumi kabobs, at the last moment we decided to throw mostly-vegetarianism to the wind and get straight to the heart of Nighttown's menu and order the Monday night special of baby back ribs. Oh, they were divine. Hearty food, amazing music, and a fantastic vibe all around made this a great night out.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,12/7/2012,51,109,2,7,2>I'm a loyal customer of Shaker Auto Hospital. Ever since I got lied to and completely screwed over at a dealership (in Denver) a few years ago, I try to find personal recommendations for mechanics from friends and acquaintances that I trust. This is how I found out about Shaker Auto Hospital. One of my student's parents tipped me off. I have had the same two guys work on my car every time, and they remember me with months in between. They are honest, genuine, and trustworthy--this is from a tough critic. I recently went for a visit and decided that it was the end of my car's life. They gave me a quote to have it fixed and agreed with my decision to not spend the money on repairs. I'm pretty sure any dealership would have insisted that the car would continue to work for years to come, when in reality, it's an issue of old age, and I should move on. I have called them in the past to just ask questions and they have directed me how to do something myself, or investigate a problem on my own. I will continue to bring my car to the auto hospital!The only complaint I have is that there is no sort of loaner car arrangement if you do have your car in for a few days, but again, this place is the opposite of a dealership.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,12/6/2012,342,426,,4,4>Cool. A taster selection paradise. A friend raved about her fave new place, so off we went to try it out one weekend.I compare this to La Cave du Vin...just not as fancy and dark. Like La Cave du Vin, Lizardville has selection of brews and they are so neatly organized around the place- from fruits to IPAs to whatever you want, you got it. I asked for a coffee flavored brew, and the guy took out 4 of them to show me- I chose my favorite brand Hitachino and got the coffee flavored one. Oh was it ever so good. They also have a wide selection of whiskey for the old refined gentlemen who like that stuff...but it's definitely a super wide selection.I kind of wish this wasn't so far out in the suburbs, because it's actual a great place to go. The service was a little slow, but they were very nice- after telling you what kind of brew would be good, they take the bottle from you and stick it in a chiller...and then bring it out for you. And they're super cool people who work here.Check it out if you haven't yet- these are the things you won't see in bigger cities....
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,12/5/2012,92,37,3,8,4>My Wall-E of a laundry machine finally broke and while it was being replaced I decided to venture into the Laundromat world. After hearing horror stories in college about clothes being stolen, machienes ripping appart clothes, and zombie-esque staff members, I decided to venture to yelp for a solution. A friend recommended Katie's Green & Clean Laundry Center- after seeing the reviews, I gave it a try!I am so happy my first out-of-house laundry experience went as smooth as it did!First, the staff are so much nicer than I originally expected. There is even a Dry Cleaning area and place to drop off your laundry to be done by the pound... spiffy. Next, NO MORE QUARTERS! I came prepared with a roll of quarters just incase- boy was I wrong! They took credit cards which made the whole experience much more smooth and less of a hastle. Last but not least, the place really is clean! (This is from a girl who dusts every day...) I was very happy with my experience here and would return/recommend to others.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,12/4/2012,76,112,3,4,4>WHY does this place need to be SO d@mn good?! It's really bad for my diet. But, so good for my mood. EVERYTHING is so fresh, that it made me excited enough to use CAPS repeatedly in this post!! The garden mint chip has real flecks of garden mint! The strawberry sorbet has fresh orange zest! The grapefruit sorbet tasted like a fresh grapefruit. I had maple bacon & french toast ice cream with hearty chunks of bacon! (Don't judge... it was amazeballs). The portions are kind of huge... a small is two scoops. But, that allows me to sample two new flavors every time - if I could get off this garden mint/strawberry sorbet kick. You must try Churned. You probably shouldn't try it 3 times a week like I have been... it kind of defeats my CrossFit efforts. But, OMG. So good. Go. Now. Before they close. I once found myself in the middle of the street staring at the girl cleaning the freezer cases a few minutes after 10pm one night. (I told you... its a real problem).
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,12/3/2012,215,581,6,6,8>"BorderlineFeels like I'm going to lose my mindYou just keep on pushing my love [of delicious greasy breakfast]Over the borrrrderliiiiiine.."(Am I the only one who sings this song every time I think of this place?)Anyway, I was alone today and really REALLY wanted some good breakfast. I was actually craving corned beef hash, and they didn't have it. But what they DID have sounded (and looked) great.After much debate, I went for the Western omelette (ham, cheddar, peppers, onions, and tomatoes). So. fucking. good. And so were the home fries.Also, there's something to be said for a HUGE, ice cold glass of water. Like, ice filling up the entire glass on a 90 degree day. I loved just sitting by myself at the window, taking my time eating and reading a bookThe service was friendly and fast. And it was super cheap ($8.08 including tax).
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,12/2/2012,110,405,2,4,4>Only saw one movie this year, but it was almost the highlight of my otherwise routine, newly homebodied life. These people do a great job with a ton of passion. You would never think you are in a half empty mall/ future Halloween store during festival time. They really turn the place into a miniature Cannes. Fitting since normally cans are the only source of revenue for anyone visiting the area. They do a bang up job with the guide and related ephemera. And the little whimsical animated promo they make every year that screens before every film always fills me with hometown pride(which seems to be very lacking of late with all the alleged champions of crooked river culture). Going to make a concerted effort to always hit up the festival.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,12/1/2012,105,146,,5,2>I heart you M Symon and your infectious laugh to the ends of the world but as Bobby Y. said in his review, BSpot doesn't even come close to Flip Side's burgers. They are simple when they are meant to be "simple" but gracefully concocted when they are mixed with other ingredients for different creations. Our waitress also told us what beers on draft would pair best with our burger choices, so I had a pale ale with my chili pepper burger. The burger was medium done just as I had asked and incredibly flavorful. I almost didn't need to add any more of the chili ketchup they gave me on the side. My parents had the Flipside burger and the chicken shady (? sandy???) sandwich and both of them enjoyed their meal very much. I'm also glad we came here early around 5:30 because it was quite busy after we had gotten seated (this was on a Friday night in Hudson). Definitely worth a trip down Route 8 for the CLE-ers.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,11/30/2012,2,21,4,6,6>A singular experience.  This place is charming and surprisingly spacious inside.  We sat outside, however, because the weather was perfect.  Since it's a bit "off the beaten path," it's quiet enough outside to hold a conversation, and you don't have a ton of passers-by gawking at your meal.  And, trust me, there's plenty to gawk at -- the food looks amazing and tastes even better.   We started with the baba ganoush -- which was creamy, thick, and tasty, but the pita that accompanied it was an experience in itself: warm, toasty, fresh...and plentiful!  They give you a ton of pita and will gladly provide more. For my main course, I got the chicken kebab with yogurt.  The chicken was perfectly cooked and the yogurt was rich and flavorful.  My boyfriend got the lamb kebab with yogurt and loved it.  As much as we would have liked to eat our whole plates in one sitting, the portions were large enough that we had left overs.  Wish we hadn't stuffed ourselves so we could have tried dessert! We actually came to Tremont to try Bac, which got excellent reviews on Yelp. However, we got there and, in the short period of time between us walking in and being greeted by a hostess, we deemed it "too hip."  It looked sleek and modern and some weird techno music was blasting -- we would seriously have felt like a couple of posers hanging out there.  Istanbul Grill is great because it's simple.  It's not a restaurant trying to be a hip nightclub.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,11/29/2012,440,357,2,5,3>Second time here and i still love it! They got rid of my favorite dish here though, the escargo pasta, but i'm still amazed by the food here. Definitely make it an effort to try as many pasta as possible so take advantage of the tasting menu. I would say 3 tasting menu sizes will fill you up + 1 meatballs and you're good to go! Two good pastas to try: Linguine alla Carbonara, Spaghetti Alla VongoleNot so good pasta: Lumache E Grancio (there were barely any crabmeat!)Enjoy!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2012,11/28/2012,22,51,3,6,7>Felice came soooo close to earning a 5-star rating from me, and I'm not sure what's holding me back! Maybe after my next visit I'll be able to bump it up  :)  but until then..I came here for happy hour mid-week  and loved the cozy feeling inside. We sat at the bar and I had a moscow mule which was great - one of the better versions I've had! We had a few of their happy hour appetizers - the goat cheese was INCREDIBLE, and I thought that the crispy chick peas were just okay.. until I realized that I couldn't stop eating them. They're addictive! We also got the mussels which were fantastic (the broth was delicious) and a pizza with zucchini and olives - also great. And their discounted happy hour prices are phenomenal - really great deals!Overall, I can't wait for my next visit to Felice. My goal is to sample everything on their amazing happy hour menu.. and even though it's a pretty large menu, I'm sure it won't take me too long to make my way through it.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,11/27/2012,66,64,2,1,3>Bacon flavored dental floss? Inflatable unicorn horn? Emergency google eyes? These are just some of the creative and silly (or weird and strange, as they advertise) gifts jam packed into this little store in Kent. Seriously, there's so much jammed into this little store you could spend hours giggling and cackling at the "toys" in this shop and you still might miss some. I'm pretty sure my friend Matt would die of excitement with the diverse amount of bacon products offered. Want your car to smell like bacon? They have a bacon air freshener.  Set on all birthday gifts for Matt....forever. Off the Wagon is the perfect place to find fun gag gifts for friends....or for things that you obviously don't need, but desperately should have. I mean, who doesn't need finger narwhals to entertain with on a boring day at work?  The staff was beyond friendly and helpful and I'm pretty sure they get quite a giggle or two with the daily products. Fantastic find while perusing in Kent.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,11/26/2012,723,577,1,8,4>4.5 stars...The chef is from Chengdu - and while perhaps not delectably balanced, the flavours are authentically Sichuan.  I would agree with Cory R that the servers are still figuring out service, but after a little tinkering they managed to get my party and another party to share a table given that they have precious few tables set for parties of two.We ended up ordering Huiguorou, Malaxianggan, dandanmian, Bairou, mapo tofu... all very legit standards at a Sichuan restaurant.  We even asked the waiter why the menu was in traditional chinese.  His response - more chinese in CLE use traditional...That said, the patrons were nearly all from the mainland...  Which tells you volumes.Portion sizes are mainland-ish, and flavours as well.  I enjoyed the meal thoroughly, and will go back when I'm in the mood for this particular sort of food.  The decor is pedestrian, but  the place is more or less a hole in the wall.  They also have a karaoke room with an authentic east-asia karaoke song set.Very impressed - and it's really without competition here.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,11/25/2012,22,123,3,4,4>I really don't want to do this.  I don't want to sit down for sushi and have to wait an hour, which is exactly what will happen when I tell everyone how freaking ahhhmazing this place is!!  We have been hunting for sushi rolls as fantastic as Asakusa in our old town since we moved here - and we have finally found what I believe is the most comparable sushi yet!!  I ordered the Firecracker and Fire Dragon rolls and they were BEAUTIFULLY presented, well sauced, and deeeeeeelicious!My husband ordered swordfish hibachi, which you can watch be prepared at the one hibachi grill in the back, and it was very good.  The sauces were excellent.The ginger salad dressing was up there, not the best, but very good.The clear soup was good except I got a funky taste when I got to the fried onions.  I'm not entirely sure if it was a weird stale kind of taste or just an onion taste so the jury is still out on that one.Even the after dinner candy here was so delicious - some kind of fruit that you can't get here.  Oh and the remodel is gorgeous - I have always been scared of this location but they have turned it into a very chic place - color changing LED's, hundreds of beautiful pendant lights, wood tile walls, a gorgeous bamboo garden when you walk in, big granite bars, dark wood tables with brand new leather booths...  You would think you were somewhere other than Streetsboro.And our service was superb.  We will DEFINITELY be back.  We were also given a loyalty card, I believe it is ten visits $20 or more and you get $30 worth of noms free... I think we will be using it.  Fantastic!  Don't go here!  LOL
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,11/24/2012,34,407,3,3,3>I'm consistently happy with the quality of foods in this small market.The employees are almost too friendly.  You walk up to a counter and they're immediately asking if you'd like assistance.  I'm one that takes it slow and likes to gather it all in.  I want to look at the display a few times and browse the menu.They have a great wine selection for a store of this size, and their cheese selection is crazy!This Heinen's has some great prepared foods, great for the busy person, or those just looking for a quick side dish to their main dinner entree.Sure, it's small, it's not a mega store or supercenter, but it's packed with all the essentials.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,11/23/2012,11,84,6,13,5>I cannot figure out how to begin this review, because the food is so impressive that I couldn't find an adjective strong enough to proclaim my enthusiasm. So lets just get to the good parts.This place, hidden in the New American Legion building on the corner of Casterton and Market, is a surprise. And I don't just mean "what a surprise, it's so good." You literally wouldn't know it was there. There is an open door in the back of the building that leads into a kitchen where the food is picked up and the payments made. That's all there is to the place. Two employees. It was a definite first for that kind of experience.But I digress. I was drawn in by the menu in my mailbox. The first six items were specialty burgers. A European Burger(Kielbasa, swiss, carmelized onion, potato cakes, dijon mustard), Diabolical Burger(bacon wrapped tater tots, cheddar, sour cream, sweet chili sauce), Corn Beef Burger(corn beef, horsey sauce, pickles), Defibrilator Burger(ribs, cheddar, onion straws, bbq sauce), BBQ Pulled Pork Burger(pulled pork, bbq sauce, cole slaw, cheddar), and Pierogie Burger(Pierogi, sour cream, carmelized onions). Yes, this first page still has 27 other sandwiches, and the next four pages have another 111 items(that I could count), which included salads, pizzas, breakfast, wraps, and appetizers, but seriously, I don't know how you get beyond those six without feeling the need to try one.So I had the Diabolical Burger. My friend had the Pierogi Burger. Neither of us will shut up about this food. The burger meat is not cooked to order, but it was crisp on the outside and juicy on the inside(1/3lb), seasoned with a little spice. The sweet chili sauce and sour cream and cheddar(awesome cheddar, properly melted and oozy) were a great flavor, but the bacon wrapped tots were better than you will believe. Crisp, flavorful bacon perfectly wrapped around a crispy tater tot. And there were six or eight of them on this thing. The Pierogi Burger meat was just as good, and the pierogi was so, so good. We also had fries and waffle fries, both of which had great seasoning, crispness, and quantity.So how much did this heart stopping feast cost, you ask? Try 7.50 each. EACH. That's how everything on the menu is priced.I'm not even buying groceries anymore. This place delivers and they have every food I could want. I'm just gonna live off of The Fat Bob Grill.Go there, try something terrible for you, and enjoy.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,11/22/2012,140,180,3,7,6>This is an awesome little shop that will introduce you to an astonishing variety of olive oils and balsamic vinegars!  But there is no hard sell, no rushing, no pressure.  There are dozens of dispensers filled with oils and vinegars to sample.  Each one has a very understandable description of the qualities of the contents.There are fruity varieties.  There are classic varieties.  There are samples of what you could make with the oils (Try adding blood orange olive oil to your brownie recipe.  Oh my!).  The staff is so helpful and friendly.  You can browse by yourself, if you wish or get a complete primmer!!
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,11/21/2012,146,412,1,9,5>Great local establishment in South Euclid. Come here if you want to relax and eat some good Cajun food! It's laid back with lots of pictures, Christmas lights, and New Orleans stuff on the wall. It's more "hole in the wall" feel with lots of wood paneling and a tv mounted in the corner. There's even a dining table almost partway into the kitchen.I'm not too familiar with Cajun food, so I'm not quite sure how to rate it. I think I was between a 3.5-4. I shared the gumbo as well as the fried seafood platter. It was definitely a lot of food!I think the owner is probably the best part about this place. It's basically just him who runs the place (and maybe even cooks some of the food?) He made the gumbo with an extra kick just for us, and it was gooood. The shrimp in the gumbo was JUMBO, and the other seafood in it was very tasty. The gumbo came with french bread dipped in honey with some herbs. He also gave us rice + beans with the seafood platter (not sure if it comes with it or not) and that was a nice addition to the seafood. We got shrimp, fish, and I think crawfish fried in a cornmeal crust -- not very oily (which was good) and very very filling. Next time, I'll get something more interesting since the platter seemed pretty standard.My friend told me about it and when she came, she said it took her 2 hours to get the meal and finish it. For us, we had a nice time and it took around 1 1/2 hours for everything -- pretty standard. There was a bit of a wait, but then again, it's just this guy and a few people working the kitchen.I think its worth it to come back and support this place as a local Cleveland establishment!
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,11/20/2012,47,52,4,5,6>First off a disclaimer. I really dislike hot dogs. They usually are not my thing. But Happy Dog showed me the light. The hot dogs are big and juicy and there are literally as many toppings as you could ever want. Let's start with the sauces. They have mustards ranging from your standard yellow to black truffle honey mustard (which is mana sent from heaven for this chick). The barbecue sauce is smoky spicy and great on the tater tots. Not to mention the mole, chimichurri, catsup, and ginger currant chutney. The more substantial toppings range from chorizo chili to chunky peanut butter. The alien relish was a little disconcerting as it was grass green but the taste made up for any color aversiions. The sauerkraut is made with Yuengling and is still crunchy when served. May I recommend a dog with sauerkraut, ballpark mustard, sauteed onions, cheddar cheese and a pickle spear and some tater tots. ZOMG the tater tots are heavenly puffs off fried potatoey goodness. Get them dusted with the barbecue dust you won't be disappointed. On top of their fried potatpey goodness there is a plethora of toppings and sauces you can choose to go with them. Now what more can I say to convince you to go. Great neighborhood, awesome food, oh yeah beer. Domestics, draught, craft or imported they have a great selection and knowledgable staff. They carry a lot of local brews you usually don't see. Including selections from Fathead's and Willoughby Brewing. The list changes so often I won't even try to suggest a brew. And last and almost least there is the price. Dogs are 5 bucks. flat. No matter if you get chorizo chili and sloppy joe and 4 cheeses or just some mustard. Yes please.  Go. Right now. Do Not pass go do not collect 200 dollars just go to the Happy dog. You will be a happy dog after.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,11/18/2012,442,1404,3,3,2>Old school hand wash with hoses, rags, and good old-fashioned manual labor.  $9 inside and out.  Want some tire dressing?  That's a 3 dolla holla extra.  Nice, hardworking folks work there and they appreciate tips.  Located next to a sketchy market so I recommend you stay in your car until you pull it inside just to make sure someone doesn't jump in your car and drive off in it...
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,11/17/2012,68,169,2,2,2>What can you say about the Westside Market that hasn't already been said? I mean, this place is HUGE.  Tons of options meat and veggies TONS. + Steve's Gyros, Live Music and the balcony and so much more you just have to see for yourself.  You've heard it all before, this is nothing new.  I mean wow, the experience What else can one say?  It has been on TV and is always busy. Great, amazing prices.  Hustling, bustling, but we all know this, were Clevelanders right?  I can't believe more people don't go here, but then again it's always feels like its thriving with people.  Go to the West Side Market and Go Tribe.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,11/16/2012,118,61,8,6,7>A CALM, COOL, AND COLLECTED ENDORSEMENT:If you love sushi and can't make toe-curling, hot bliss-unfurling, nirvana-inducing sushi yourself, go, for the love of god, go to Ginko.  Treat your tastebuds to a rave and a half.  Aaaaand, if you like having parties in your mouth on the cheap (half off a wide assortment!), go for happy hour: it'll be the happiest hour(s) you'll experience.  SO: if it's between the not-so-wee hours of 4:30-6:30pm, grab a lover, grab a buddy, grab an accomplice, RUN FOR IT.  Leave the kiddies behind.  You won't regret it.Oh yeah, and the cocktails are pretty excellent.  And by pretty excellent, I mean sometimes MINDBLOWING MAGNIFIQUE (Shiso Martini).Also, they have uni (sea urchin--delicious, creamy, pricey sea urchin).  And I usually hate cooked food in my sushi but the vegetable tempura roll is ungodly good.  That goes for the spicy tuna roll, which comes topped with crunchy goodness--probably panko.  All their sushi is fresh, crisp and flavorful.  If you resist the urge to wolf it down and manage to masticate your food into smaller portions, each and every individual crumb of sushi will unfailingly make sweet vigorous love to each and every individual tastebud in your mouth.  Kind of complicated, but you get my drift.  BUT IT CAN'T BE PERFECT BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T GIVE IT 4 STARS:Ginko's located essentially in Dante's basement, so probably not the greatest for claustrophobic folks.  But as far as windowless, bomb shelters-turned-cramped and dimly lit sushi bars go, the decor is decent.  There's a color TV perched in the corner and the bar's manned at all times by at least one slightly-scowling, highly knowledgeable Japanese sushi chef.  The bar counter is made up of glass panes over this elaborate "waterfall" installation--water running over polished earth-toned stones.  The waterfall trickle hasn't been so steady since its opening, so there's some stagnant-looking little pools under some of the panes, which we hypothesize might be responsible for the mildewy scent lingering in the air.  Nothing a little more forceful ventilation and vigilant water stream regulation can't fix.  Finally, a word on the sushi: irrefutably delicious, but could be even more obscenely delicious if they used the traditional sushi rice--short white grain, silky texture, Calrose, etc.  Currently they use the medium-long grain and it's slightly overcooked so a little sticky.ROUNDUP:Despite minor drawbacks, Ginko still tops the CLE sushi scene and offers one of the best Happy Hour deals around.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,11/15/2012,95,116,5,5,5>Godiva, get off the your high horse and get dressed for the love of God, you are scaring children!Malleys out-taste you with their affordable fresh chocolate goodness and creativity, I mean chocolate covered grapes, does it get better than this? If it was up to Malleys they would have covered this entire world with chocolate making it definitely better. Why four stars? Average ice cream. I bet it doesn't help to be next to the phenomenal chocolate and taste so generic. However I love the pinkish-green 50's themed bar, I wish it was warm enough to wear my only vintage dress and stain ice-cream cups with a pale pink lipstick....And pretend I am Jackie O.   Chocolate doesn't get better than this and  I will be back  there 10 lbs later glued again to their counter. With my Kennedy.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,11/14/2012,31,199,2,2,3>Consistently delicious pizza! With the BBQ chicken I do recommend getting double meat. The last time I was there I got the ricotta. I was hesitant to try it but it turned out to be delicious! And who doesn't love their crust...and with the honey! Yum!
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,11/13/2012,95,107,2,8,4>I am sans computer, so I find it a pain in the "you know what" to write a review from my phone. But this place is damn good. I had two pupusas, one cheese with loroco, the other mixed with pork and cheese. My fella had similar, plus some empanadas (which I of course snuck a bite or two from). So tasty! I always love the red sauce that comes with pupusas, but the spicy slaw was better than other places I've tried. The pupusas themselves were filling yet less greasy than when I've had em in the past. And the empanadas? Super flaky! The service was prompt and friendly without being overbearing. I hope more people try this place out, it's super tasty. Plus $20 dinner for two ain't bad either!
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,11/12/2012,164,211,3,4,2>Love everything about Frankie's pizza! House salad is to die for, the cheese is overflowing, even the dressing is sweet with the right amount always on it. Fried ravs are perfect, a tad pricey but still worth it. And the pizza, always so good. The sauce has the right amount of flavor, no wonder they are voted best pizza around!I recommend getting a Groupon when they come out, it's so worth it. The pizza is simply delicious :)Gets super crowded on weekends though so make reservations! True authentic Italian food!
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,11/11/2012,88,296,14,3,3>So golden!Blingy!Fun!Busy!(i broke my arm so thats the summary)
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,11/10/2012,100,260,3,10,6>What is a non-meat-eating, half-Korean gal to do? Since cutting most meat out of my diet, I had very rarely looked back... until it came time to go to a Korean BBQ with friends. It was the first time I found myself longingly craving meat. The bulgogi and samgupsal and even kimchi jigae was now pretty much off-limits.However, I discovered that Miega is by far the most accomodating Korean restaurant in Cleveland when it comes to non-carnivores. It is not on the menu, but if they have the ingredients, they will make the most beautiful, delicious platter of vegetarian gim-bap (Korean sushi) with freshly cooked fried eggs. The kimchi jigae is already made vegetarian (the pork is added after the stew cooks, so it's easy to omit). My husband ordered vegetarian bibimbap and they left out the bulgogi and added tofu in one of the most beautifully-arranged bibimbaps I've ever seen!I occasionally eat fish, and this is the place to have it! The grilled mackerel is delicious with rice and kimchi. All of the banchan items that are served before the entrees have been delicious!   The servers are wonderful - I always enjoy trying to use the very, very small amount of conversational Korean I know with them, and they are happy to humor me and offer pronunciation help. Tip: Another great thing about Miega (I hope/think)  is that it is BYOB. We have brought a bottle of wine to dinner there a couple times. When I visited Korea, drinking soju with every meal was customary - I now tend to feel like any Korean dinner (well, I guess any dinner) seems more festive with a bottle shared with friends.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2012,11/9/2012,150,222,2,2,2>I hardly ever get over to the West 25th area when normal folks are open for business.  My usual trek is a 7am pilgrimage to the West Side Market to beat the crowds and the scumbags.  Most of the time that is a win-win situation for me and that's how I roll, but there are times I need to hit the market later.  My friend Brent Kirby was playing the market stage at around noon so I thought I would come check out the area in the daylight.  It's a different beast and anyone that is willing to brave those mad rush crowds at the market owe themselves a nice lunch.  One of the great spots is Nate's.  My friend from Jordan introduced me to Nate's probably around 15 years ago.  He would often make runs at lunch to pick up lunch for us.  I have been a fan ever since.  Nate's is small, and at lunch forget it, you are going to have to wait for a table if you come at noon on the dot.  The tables are so close together you are pretty much eating with the people next to you.  My 4 star is because of that fact alone.  I don't like the "coziness" of the set up however not much you can do about that at all.  I come for the food and Nate's hands down has the best Hummus in  Cleveland.  It beats them all without question.  Served with bags, yeah bags, of pita bread from local Aladdin's.  They don't bother to take the pita out of the bag, probably because they know you are going to use every last piece of bread to sop up every last bite of this hummus.  As far as the rest of the menu goes, I can honestly say I have no idea what is even on it because I always get the same thing; Hummus and the Falafel Platter.  It is a ton of food for about $10 total.  The service is friendly, and they treat everyone like they know them.  I absolutely love, love, love the family atmosphere here.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,11/8/2012,227,138,1,4,6>As a an active military guy who comes from a military family...this is something I hold near and dear (as corny as you think it sounds)....take some time to stop and appreciate things in our great city.  Its amazing to me people walk by this monument on a daily basis and know nothing about it.  This statue really makes public square great.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,11/7/2012,37,38,10,12,8>Edison's, I love you; but you're on notice...Tonight at Tremont's Artwalk, my girlfriend and I noticed the soon-to-be-opened new joint "Crust" was open!  We were on our way to grab a few slices from Edison's and thought, "Hey!  Let's take 200 yards off our walk and give this new joint a try."  Good idea, you ask?  Oh, I don't know, was the internet a good idea?  They were in a soft-opening mode, only offering a few pies.  They had about 6 pizzas on the menu and your obligatory pepperoni and cheese or just cheese by the slice.  We met Jeff (the owner?) and he explained what was going on, how they were going to be fully open in a couple of weeks, how the menu was sort of clandestine for now.  No prob.  They had enough of a selection for the Artwalk.  The one pizza that caught my attention was the Butternut Squash, Bacon, Blue Cheese, Caramelized Onion, Cider Reduction pizza.  I mean, there is no way that can be bad.  There were quite a few others, Spanikopita, etc...  Honestly, you'll just need to read the doggone menu yourself when it's published.We opted for two slices of pepperoni to go.  We're leary about pizza joints because most tend to waay undercook your pizza, hence, we always ask for our pizza a little well-done.  This proved to be a moderate mistake on our part.  More on that later.As our slices were finishing back in the oven, Jeff chatted with us about his product, his sauces, cheeses, dough and how he had spent time testing and testing again.  He was a genuine person.  Friendly and welcoming.  There was another gentleman in the place, too.  He was equally friendly, but we never got his name.  They asked us to please give genuine feedback after we'd eaten...   Okay, I'm doing it now. As they were boxing our order, they asked if we'd like fresh basil on our pizza...  DUH... make it rain that green goodness.  Then he asked if we wanted some fresh pecorino cheese...  DUH again.  anyway, 4 pieces of pizza, basil, pecorino...  8 bucks.  No typo.  It's 2 measley bucks a slice.  That's it.  So we got it home, opened our box and wow, this looks fantastic.  First bite confirmed.  Grand freakin' slam.   Holy crap on a stick that's good.  The cheese blend is perfect, the sauce is not too sweet and has a garlic-y kiss.  The crust is crispy on the bottom, then gives way to chewy goodness.  The pepperoni was hand cut on the bias and curiously spicy; it was fantastic pizza.  Immediately in my top 5 of all time.  Hell, it IS better than Edison's here in the same neighborhood.  (Look, I'm not mad at Edison's and I'll probably still buy stuff from them occasionally, but with Crust being closer, cheaper and better?  Crust is getting the bulk of my pizza business.)The only drawback was one of our slices was a little too done on the bottom.  In fact, it was approaching black.  But, dude, seriously, we were their second customer EVER; I think they'll fix that.  And we, as consumers who give feedback, will inform them of what happened.  Really folks, simple pepperoni pizza with some basil was stupid good.; like saying "damn" out loud good.  Go to Crust and get the pizza.  I know they're doing sandwiches eventually.  I suppose I'll have to write another review for that.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2012,11/6/2012,82,187,3,2,2>This 'cupcakery' recently opened in Strongsville and I went in to check them out.  They were offering a 'Grand Opening' promotion which was Buy 3, Get 1 free.  I assume it was for all of the desserts.  I chose cake balls since I specifically went in for those.  The cupcakes looked delicious, but I opted out for this visit.  They were out of a lot of choices because she stated they were so busy for their 'Grand Opening'.  That's fine since I'm there for the cake balls anyway.  Looking at the selection, they had a pretty poor presentation (stacked in a cylandar jar and sweaty) and only four different flavors.  However, I tasted two and they were delicious.  It is, I suppose, what's inside that counts.  I can't write a legit review not having tried the cupcakes, so I will surely go back for those.  There was one particularly intriguing called 'The Glob'.  See photo for what's inside.  I also got a pumpkin latte which was good and inexpensive.  My 4 cake balls and latte were $5 and some change.  I'll go back and try them again.  Apparently they have a vegan and gluten free section as well.  For each dessert,  they state the calorie amount which is nice, but actually made me feel even a little more guilty.  Ignorance is bliss.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,11/5/2012,42,186,,5,3>I've passed Kumo so many times on my way to school that I decided it was time to finally give it a try. I was under the preconceived notion that it was a seafood-only buffet (The name is slightly misleading) which is not something that sounds extremely mouth watering to me. Luckily I was wrong. In fact, Kumo has a massive selection of Asian delights in their buffet. If you are a sushi fan, you won't be disappointed with the selection - pretty much anything you could imagine is available, including some less appetizing choices like the 'hot-dog roll.' I can honestly say that I thoroughly enjoyed the selection and while not everything was the best I've had at an Asian buffet, most was good on my palate. I'm not sure that calling it 'Japanese' is appropriate either, as very little of the cuisine originated in Japan. Asian-ish would be more correct but it was delicious none the less.Now that I've tried Kumo, they can expect to see my face in the future. It is great food, a reasonable price, and pretty much the only Asian option in the area. That sounds like a recipe for success.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2012,11/4/2012,67,157,3,6,2>Walked into Barrio and immediately felt like a void in Tremont had been filled.  No longer does one have to wait for Tuesday to get great tacos!  First the art work is amazing.  We had a chance to talk to the artist and he described how the mural is telling a story.  You start on the left side of the room and work your way around as it tells of a guy who meets a girl, they get pregnant, get married, have kids and thus the cycle starts over.  It's super creative and fun.They have a creative drink list with plenty of tequila drinks.  I didn't drink during my visit but my friends both had a couple and loved each one.  We got to try a wide variety of tacos and a bunch of the different toppings.  We also got complimentary chips and salsa.  The salsa was fresh tasting and the chips were addicting, but a little greasy.  You get a pen and a checklist and decide if you want hard corn taco, soft corn taco or soft flour taco.  Then choose your meat, salsa, toppings and sauces.  I tried a soft corn taco, hard corn taco, the chorizo, braised beep and pork.  I also tried a bunch of the salsas and sauces.  I put cilantro, onion, cabbage tomato on each taco. By far my favorite was the hard corn taco shell with braised beef.  The beef was full of flavor and tender.  It was so good.  The pork was delicious as well.  All the toppings were yummy.  The sauces were creative (sorry I honestly cannot remember any of them except some had mango habernaro and cilantro something)Foodwise I can see myself coming back quite a bit seeing as they serve food til 2 am.  However,  the main irk I had was that it was lacking in spice.  The chorizo lacked it and even the spiciest salsa seemed mild.  We even asked our server for the spiciest salsa they had.  She came back with their house hot sauce saying the kitchen wouldn't give us the hottest because it was too hot.  Even their house hot sauce was pretty mild.  Trust me, if I'm ordering the hottest salsa and sauce you have, I can handle it.  Bring it on.  Also, we tried the queso and it was too cheesy (if that makes sense)  It was like eating a bowl of melted American cheese.  Not my favorite either.  For just opening things were pretty smooth.  The servers were all extremely nice.  It was a little odd because we had two full-time servers.  Everytime one came over, the other would come right after and ask the same question.  We had servers take our drink orders twice, food orders twice, were checked on twice as much.  Kinda odd. But oh well.  I'm really excited this place has opened and look forward to coming back often!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,11/3/2012,4,112,1,4,4>Nice place, good music, food and an excellent value. Thursdays 25 cent wings are a bargain, and they aren't stingy -- nice carrots, celery and even complimentary house made BBQ chips. Domestic beers were only $2 too. Wish the garlic parm wings were in butter instead of dry. I believe the rest of menu recently had a price hike which puts it up closer in price to Melt, but still much less expensive than Deagans.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,11/2/2012,143,231,2,4,2>I am so dang proud of this place for being in Cleveland....mainly so I can have it whenever I want AND to proudly say these are better than MANY NYC cupcakes. Yes, I said it, this place outshines many NYC cupcakeries.The cupcakes are just the right size. Not too small that you get made that you're paying a lot but not to big that you cannot enjoy it all and have to open your pants button. The cake has always been moist which seems to be pretty hard task for most places I have been. I also love the frosting because it's not so sweet I can taste all the sugar grains on my teeth. Must tries in my opinion: grasshoppergerman chocolatesalted carmel lemon
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,11/1/2012,45,149,3,5,2>Man. So this weeknight experience/restaurant was so interesting and unusual that I just had to create a profile for them. Also, I need to make a narrative for our experience, which I rarely do.It is located in a very modern urban nightclub that on weekends hosts rappers, thumping music, etc. It didn't seem like the restaurant tied the interesting gourmet menu I'd found online. Not to mention the sign said Xecutive Ultra Lounge, and my boyfriend and I were looking for XL Prime Eatery. We stumbled back outside, a little confused. The waitress/barista followed us out to see if she could help us find our way, and when we checked that it was the right place, she seated us at the hightables that line the restaurant walls. The location is very cool on Prospect and the shape of the interior was very interesting. We ordered the bourbon turkey and henessey chicken, which both sounded amazing, and were both between $15 and $20. I also ordered a pretty tasty wine for $5. So we waited for our food. And waited. And...waited. After almost an hour, I asked the waitress where our food was. It came out shortly there after. That's the end of anything negative.The waitress was very apologetic and accommodating, and accompanying the food was the chef, who apologized profusely and explained that he'd made everything fresh, as it appears most of their restaurant crowd comes along with the weekend throngs. The food was amazing. I LOVE an interesting menu, and these unique plates were prepared flawlessly as far as I'm concerned. Needless to say, these two plates (esp the turkey) were worth most of that wait. The chef came out again, to offer us free cheesecake as his apology. Normally the wait would've been a deal-breaker, but the staff couldn't have remedied the situation any better than they did. The food, the service, the location all contributed to a really great experience. Definitely a place to try. Definitely a place that should be on Yelp.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,10/31/2012,25,50,,4,3>I've fallen deeply in love with Tremont.This is yet another magical independently owned restaurant -- yet another piece of what makes Cleveland, Ohio, such a glorious swatch in our nation's cultural patchwork.The small plates and soups are wonderful, though I highly recommend you explore whichever specials the creative chefs have whipped together. The crab cake sandwich is one such success.The decor is hip. The food is fun and delicious.Cool cats aplenty.(/haiku)Grade: A
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,10/29/2012,45,258,3,4,3>I've come here on a few occasions and I realized I haven't reviewed it yet! I've always thought very good things about this little Room. It's hard to find if you don't know where it is or haven't heard of it...It's just on a street all by its lonesome, with nothing else around it. So with that said, the outside isn't that impressive. But the inside...takes you back in time. The decor literally brings you back like 50 years...Baby grand piano in the back..and if you get a chance to see that room in the back they have, it's awesome! Now, onto the important stuff: the cocktails. I've only ever ordered a select few cocktails here, the Moscow Mule being my all time favorite. They sure make it well here, well worth the $14 a pop. I see them whip up the cocktails in a snap, but there's so much detail put into each one. And then when you taste your drink, it's nothing less than perfection. And that brings me to its one drawback. The price. No, I can't afford to spend $14 on every drink I have and I most certainly won't allow myself to do it all the time. For the occasional celebration drink, yes. I love it.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,10/28/2012,241,224,2,2,2>You have earned this update Tastebuds.  I reluctantly ventured back this afternoon for a quick lunch after hearing from so many people that your food was amazing, and figured "Why not, I'll give them another shot!"WOW - I am obsessed with your Greek Salad.  It is so delicious - with a wide variety of flavors.  I opted to add the Grilled Chicken on top, which was so tender and perfectly seasoned.  I loved every single bite, and was sad I didn't pick up some dessert as a prize for cleaning my plate! I'll be back for sure - I honestly think I may be addicted to this salad.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,10/27/2012,47,35,2,7,2>you can tell they really love animals. they havent got used to them and just dont care anymore... like human doctors mostly seem to do. Dr. Gano is amazing. Im sure she does this to everyone/every animal, but she gives my cat extra special attention, and that goes a long way for my little nervous nelly.i never feel like they take advantage of any situation, and are just great vets. they have taken my cat in during an emergency, for their last appointment, which they certainly did not have to do. this is my first pet as an adult, and im forever thankful roberts & wendt was my first vet experience. i dont think i will ever go anywhere else! you have a life customer in me.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,10/26/2012,19,52,2,2,2>Lava is a local Tremont bar. It has two floors and an outdoor patio. It is located by Lincoln Park. The atmosphere is full of character just like Tremont! Everything from local artists' work to the classic leg lamp in the window of the second floor. If you are from Cleveland you know all about the leg lamp. The bartenders are tentative and personal. My favorite dish is the calamari!! One word AMAZING! The dishes are unique and prices are moderate. Check it out and feel like a Tremont local!
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,10/25/2012,64,154,3,2,2>This place is more polarizing than the Kardashian family. Some people love it, some people hate it, and there's very few people who have been here who don't have a strong opinion about it. I'm firmly in the first camp.When I first heard of this place, I thought, "That'll be a great spot to take my wife on a breakfast date." Well, she beat me to it when she went there with some girlfriends, and she came back and said the food wasn't that good. Fast forward a few months later...we needed a place to meet an out-of-town guest for lunch, and I suggested Bonbon. I think several months of campaigning to go there finally wore down my wife, who agreed to go. I had the Bacon, Bacon, and Eggs and I loved it despite the fact that I had clenched my teeth in my sleep the night before and chewing was painful.A few weeks later, I got baptized and needed a place to celebrate. There were several in our party that hadn't yet been here, so we went here. I got the same exact thing and loved it. In my opinion, this is the best deal in town--you get plenty of food for under $10, and not only are the portions big, but the food is delicious too. Some of the other menu options are a bit more pricey though. The Breakfast Special around the same price as the Bacon, Bacon, and Eggs though and you get a beverage (you can even get a beer!) as part of it. I still haven't had any cupcakes, which is amusing considering that the proprietor became famous on the TV show Cupcake Wars. They look great, but I'm usually full after my meal, and they're closed when my wife and I are looking to grab a little sweet something after dinner.My only complaint is that the service is a bit slow, but I heard that they are getting a new chef, so perhaps things will be faster. Don't go here if you're in a rush!All in all, Bonbon is my favorite place to go for breakfast in the Cleveland area. If I ever need to schedule breakfast or lunch dates in the future, I'm going to have them at Bonbon. I don't know why I like this place so much--plenty of other great restaurants in and around the Cleveland area have great breakfast food--but I do.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,10/24/2012,107,133,2,4,3>MACARONS!!!!!My friend bought a whole box of them and we all tried one or two of them - since then we've kept coming back to this place.  This little bakery/cafe is simple but delicious.  Their macarons are absolutely amazing as well as the paninis and crepes.  They rotate the flavors of the macarons periodically so you'll be able to try something new each time.  Also try the mushroom crepes - you won't regret it!P.S. They sell the french pastry (macarons), not the coconut almond cookies (macaroons).
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,10/23/2012,98,206,1,1,1>I helped coordinate a non-profit's golf outing and dinner here recently and we were quite impressed with their facility. We shopped around the near Cleveland area (wanted a place that would allow us to hold the event on a Saturday or Sunday, a spacious and classy indoor room for our banquet following the the golf outing, and centrally located, since we would have people all from Northeast Ohio, ideally within 20 miles from downtown Cleveland). Springvale fit our needs the best and they were priced comparable to other places. The fact that they were open for an organization to hold an outing on a weekend day is appreciated since it's quite rare for a course to do so. The course itself ? I don't golf more than once a year, most courses are the same for me. Take my review of the actual course with a grain of salt. As for the ballroom, it hasn't been updated very recently (wooden walls, looks as classy as wood can be) but it's very well maintained. There's large white cloths winding through the wooden beams that add sophistication. There's a raised stage and built in sound system which worked well for our needs and good acoustics. We had plenty of room for our 165 guests. The recently remodeled clubhouse featured an indoor gazebo that allowed plenty of light to come in. In execution, they were great. There were plenty of staff on hand an hour before our event's registration started. Always returned our phone calls promptly, answered any questions that we had, even didn't charge us for a few cases of bottled water that we used after we had ran out. Our lunch and dinner, cooked by them, was done as ordered. One minor communication hiccup but it was resolved. Springvale helped our event to be a big success. None of our guests had anything negative to say. We look forward to working with them again in the future.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2012,10/22/2012,53,187,2,2,5>I love take-out chinese food, especially the kind that isn't so saturated in salt that it makes your tongue dry out and have heart palpitations the next day. And this is a great little find. Everything we had was good, (wonton soup, moo shu combo and sweet and sour chicken). The chicken portion was a little small in the dinner sweet and sour chicken, but it wasn't a cakey thick batter, and they were smart enough to put the sauce on the side, so it wasn't soggy by the time we ate.Two thumbs up, can't wait to order up from them again soon!
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,10/21/2012,7,32,6,7,3>I'm a fancy-schmancy New Yorker (by way of San Francisco) so I can be a leee-tle bit snobby when it comes to food.  I just moved to Cleveland and I had been on the phone with NYC friends bemoaning, "oh my goodness, I'm going to STARVE here."  Well, I'm happy to report that I won't be starving with Washington Bistro being walking distance to my house. I love the original decor of the place.  Unlike many good restaurants where you still feel like a pig at the trough with dozens of other pigs, just shoving food through your snout, the separate rooms of the restaurant allows for a more intimate and elegant dining experience.  Elegance aside, I love the crunchy-granola soul of the place.  The food is locally sourced and the lamb I ate was grass-fed.  And it tasted accordingly.  it was scrumptious.  And then there was dessert...om nom nom nom!In brief, take it from this former New Yorker, Washington Bistro puts a lot of NYC restaurants to shame.  Cleveland does indeed rock!Psst!  I also hear they have this Wednesday night thing where you get good food for two and a bottle of wine for...wait for it, $40.  Guys, here is a date that won't break the bank but still have the lady thinking you're a classy guy.  Ooooh, yeah.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,10/20/2012,99,376,,4,2>While Akron has a plethora of burger establishments to tickle any carnivore's fancy, Akron lacks a truly upscale burger experience. The Rail, which opened recently, fill that void.All their protein is locally-produced (read: Ohio-made). I'm not sure if the beef is grass-fed and organic, but that is doubtful. Their focus on growing locally makes the meat taste fresher and not as bland as burgers that require extensive freezing.They have a full-service bar where they are quite creative with their drinks.I ordered the Crouching Burger (Hidden Bacon) -- corny name, I know. It was essentially a Western-style burger with their homemade The Rail Sauce, a tangy BBQ sauce that makes me water just thinking about it. The bacon was thick-cut and breathtaking. My only complaint is that fries are a few bucks extra, although the burgers are not for the faint of heart. I mean, they are massive!
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,10/19/2012,144,144,2,8,2>First time in the Viagra Triangle tonight. Had a groupon for $40 and decided to try them out since their close to home. I did make a reservation but it was definitely unnecessary. There was less than 20 people and this place is big. Was pleasantly surprised with the warm greeting and the fact they have Lienenkugel Summer Shandy. Nice scenery and great music.For apps we did the tuna napolean and arancini (fried risotto). The tuna is rare, crusted, sitting atop a tortilla chip (kinda, they call it a wonton) with a dab of wasabi sauce. Very light, refreshing and unique. If you like seared tuna, try this. The fried risotto reminds me of a mozzarella stick topped with sautéed onion and marinara sauce. This was really very good and more filling if you have a bigger appetite.Entrees were; filet mignon and bolognese pasta. These dishes were five stars in my book. The filet is cooked medium, to perfection. Seared and seasoned like an experienced steak house. With the spinach, crab, mashed potato and bearnaise sauce, this is the best $29 I have ever spent. The pasta made me think I was in little Italy. Fresh pasta, tons of meat, parm cheese and truffle. Words cannot describe how good this pasta dish was. I was extremely pleased with all of our choices.I hate the fact that this restaurant is not located in a more desirable area. I couldn't have been more pleased with my experience and I want other cool, young people to love it too. This place is a secret gem and I'm very lucky they are so close to home.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,10/18/2012,57,100,3,4,3>Thank you, Souper Market, for making CLE+ proud. It's easily the best place to buy soup on the West Side, if not the whole region. This place is no frills: just soup and salads, but GEEZE is it delicious. Always super fresh food, the staff is great and the service is super fast. The seating area is pretty small; I think a lot of their business is takeout. I must admit I'm not a huge fan of their chicken noodle but out of the 10+ other kinds of soup I've had over the past two years, they were all fantastic. The selection changes frequently but some of my favorites are mushroom miso, crab gazpacho, pumpkin bisque, beer cheese and OF COURSE, chicken paprikash. Plus  I could eat the asparagus or greek salad every day - their homemade dressings are to die for. Quick Tip #1: If you're planning to try a new soup but aren't sure you'll like it, ask to taste it first!Quick Tip #2: There are always vegetarian, vegan, dairy-free and gluten-free options.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,10/17/2012,8,66,,9,5>I was very apprehensive about getting a body piercing because I wanted to make sure that I had it done in an extremely clean, safe environment. I found exactly that kind of environment at Body Anthology. I did a lot of research before getting my piercing, and everything I discovered pointed towards Body Anthology as the ideal place to have it done. Their website is extremely professional and informative. It even has a lengthy FAQ section with thorough answers, which I found very helpful. It is a GREAT resource for anyone considering a piercing or any pierced person who wants to know more about after care. My sense of confidence in Body Anthology only increased once I actually entered the establishment. It was very clean and very spacious, and everyone with whom I interacted was very friendly and warm. My piercer was named Tyson, and I honestly could not have hoped for a better person to do my body piercing. He was extremely relaxed, friendly, and patient. He explained the whole process to me step-by-step, and answered my questions throughout. All of the instruments he used were sterilized, and I felt full confidence that my piercing was going to be a clean one. Tyson's openness and sense of humor made the process SO much easier for me; instead of being terrified like I was when I first walked in the door, I found myself enjoying the experience because I was at the hands of a very professional and very friendly piercer. Once it was over, Tyson thoroughly explained the process of after care and healing and gave me a goody-bag full of after-care information, sea salt for use in healing soaks, and even candy.In short: If you are looking for a clean piercing shop with a professional, friendly, and funny staff, I highly recommended Body Anthology.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,10/16/2012,9,43,3,14,2>Hospitality Restaurants comes through again with the opening of its new Strongsville location. First off, the space is just cool. The restaurant is open with great sight lines but still manages to feel comfortable and intimate.  The restaurant also has a great outdoor dining area. Or you can just relax with a glass of wine and chat with friends al fresco. My party all had steak, ranging from the sirloin strip to the center cut filet mignon.  The steaks were seasoned perfectly and cooked to order. And consistent (medium rare is medium rare, not some approximation). Rosewood has an impressive wine list. You'll find something to pair with whatever enter you choose. They also have a selection of craft beers including the Rosewood Red (made by Akron's own Thirsty Dog Brewing Co.The wait staff was fantastic.  Attentive without being overbearing. Had a great handle on the menu, preparations, and wine list. Great first impression. Can't wait to go back and sample more of the menu.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,10/15/2012,4,62,,3,2>LOVE!  Taco night (wednesday) is definitely something sent from heaven.  Stop in for happy hour any night of the week for $2 drafts of GOOD BEER.Can't go wrong...
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,10/14/2012,6,103,3,7,4>That'll do, Pig. That'll do. The Black Pig is, very simply, good. Their waitstaff was very attentive and knowledgeable about the food and beer lists. The cocktails arrived promptly to the table, and our server Siri was more than eager to please. The Sticky Pig ($10) is a bourbon dream, with crushed peaches and mint melding with some strong alcohol. Their cider list was lacking (a bottle of Griffin for $11!), but the beer selection was acceptable. I had the bahn mi ($12), a pretty close tribute to the Vietnamese sandwich. The pork belly was tender, and the pates were nice. Served with some nice, salty fries, it was a great meal. The veggie bahn mi, Black Pig burger, and kale Caesar salad received similarly pleasing reviews. The Black Pig is good, but it could be better. The venue has wonderful character with brick archways and high ceilings, but it isn't being utilized. The food was lovely, but I'd love to see what they could do to make the Pig stand out from every other restaurant on W. 25th. I'll certainly be back to try it again.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,10/13/2012,68,481,3,3,3>I went go-karting for the first time ever earlier this month and it was SO MUCH FUN. I used to play racing video games all the time as a kid and it was so much fun to claim that I actually learned something from them!! The staff here is nice, though a bit..."speedy". They run through the rules and instructions very quickly, so if you're a first timer, listen close and let your fears go! Everything will be ok, just keep your arms and legs inside the kart and pay attention to the flagger! The track is simple, but that's ideal for someone like me. If you're looking for something crazy, don't come here. Actually, come here anyways! You'll definitely have fun. Who couldn't?! My proud moment was when I lapped a group of men that were racing the same round as my boyfriend and I and they (although in a very sexist way) complimented my driving skills afterwards. YESSSS.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,10/12/2012,89,182,3,4,3>This place pretty much rocks it with it's c*ck out!  The patio is great. They increased the space inside and now have food!Fantastic beer selection, bourbon selection, and some pretty dam good food. The ice cubes for bourbon are pucks. The sausage and cheese board hits the spot.  It  is actually what it claims to be, warm sausages and lots of cheese.  They do not give  you a ton of bread and fruit like some other establishments. The cheese is pretty Ohio nothing fancy. The beer cheese is out of this world.  They have a decent steak for under 15$, what a bargain!I can not believe this place is opening all around the city.  Great place to meet my soccer mom and dad friends.  The crowd is pretty cool , it is someplace to hang out  where  no nose pickers are not welcome!  I really like a non-family oriented places where people can, cuss  imbibe evil spirits, and not pay attention to family values.Oh I think they only mark the beer up like a 1.50 a bottle so most beer is 3 or 4 bucks for some strong ass brews!
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,10/11/2012,97,533,1,5,4>These chef-driven pickle-infused sandwiches are quite good and creative. It's a postage-stamp of a place with really nice people running it. I like the vibe, clever names and quick service. I think they could stand to drop a dollar or two off of each sandwich's price, but what the hell do I know? The place was packed when I was there, and I'll be back.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,10/10/2012,37,274,2,3,3>I am a student of music, be it 60's Bossa Nova, Surf, Jazz, Swing, AOR, PUNK, New Wave, Grunge, Psychobilly. I can go on but the point is I go to immerse myself in something that is very near and dear to my heart...Music...What is the soundtrack  of your life?Go discover it at the Rock Hall!!!!!!!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,10/9/2012,153,207,8,6,6>Getting my hair did is a monthly event for me. Some view it as a chore. While I not only don't mind it, but have come to look forward to my monthly visits to Eddy's on Coventry. As ritualistic and loyal as I might be, I won't settle for just anyone to work on my dome. Oh, lawrdy, no! I'm particular when it comes to my hairs goshdarnit! A stylist who not only can snip hairs to perfection, but also one who is a pleasure to shoot the shit with is Andrea B. I've been coming to Andrea on a monthly basis since she began at Eddy's. I first came across her while she was working part time at the unmentionable hipster chop shop also on Coventry, and then followed her when she changed locales to her current home at Eddy's. And I haven't looked back. Despite sampling the works of various stylists and barbers throughout the years, Andrea is my go to pro for all things involving my finicky, sometimes stubborn head of hair. She listens, offers opinions and executes to perfection. A true professional in every sense. Yet despite her mad skills for slinging the scissors, her sense of humor and easy going attitude seem to set her apart from the rest. All in all, it's such a glorious, wondrous, heavenly, Utopian-like experience to have Andrea as my scalp specialist. If everyone's head could be as privileged, the world would be a better place.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,10/8/2012,78,264,2,6,7>Ok so I don't have a ton of experience with vets. I've never owned a pet before...other than a hermit crab, but you don't take them to the vet. Aaaaanyway. We got our rescue puppy Stanley in March, and have taken him to LAH a few times for shots, checkups, and just the other day, an unplanned visit for some goop-eye mess he picked up at daycare. Each and every time we've been there, we have always been treated wonderfully from the front desk staff to the techs to the docs. We've seen 3 different vets here (Rog, Konecny, and Curren) and all have been great. The vets and techs are really interested in making our pup the best he can be - each time we've been there, the staff have been focused on making him feel safe and happy so he won't be scared of the vet. Awesome! Great service, too. I had an appointment within 1.5 hours of my call about the eye-goop. We have never felt rushed and always had all of my questions answered. I really do feel that everyone there loves our little Stan-bot as much as we do! This place is great. We'd recommend them to anyone.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,10/7/2012,59,67,4,10,3>I am so excited that Rising Star has opened for business in Ohio City! They serve high-quality coffee and espresso, roasted right behind the counter. I had a Vietnamese Iced Coffee (somethng you don't often see at your run-of-the-mill coffee houses) and it was super-sweet, just as it should be. Next time I'm trying a latte made with Hartzler's Strawberry Milk (nectar of the gods, in my opinion).Friendly staff and a welcome addition to the neighborhood. Woop!
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,10/6/2012,7,45,3,6,4>If the Beer Engine ever closes I think I'm going to need to be pink-slipped.  For real, we're talking 72 hour psychiatric hold in a hospital.  I've been coming here for years now and it never gets old.  The food is delicious, the beer selection is out of this world, prices are reasonable, and it's a great place to sit and relax whether you're at a table with friends or at the bar by yourself.  The menu is made up of a pretty broad selection, with a leaning towards German food and burgers.  There's the usual pub fare thrown in, but it all begins and ends with the burgers for me, specifically the Tuscan.  You put bacon and goat cheese on a burger and I'll eat it, any time, anywhere.  The menu's pretty big, and every time I go I tell myself I'm going to branch out, but then I think about the Tuscan and....yeah, branching out doesn't happen often.  I've managed to pry myself away and get the chicken chorizo sandwich a few times and it's been just as delicious.  Chorizo chicken patty, tomato, and avocado?  Those are three of my favorite thing all on one sandwich.  The andouille sausage bites are also not to be missed.  My friends have branched out more than I have, and none of them have been disappointed.  For vegetarians or those avoiding red meat, all the burgers can be made with chicken or vegetarian options.  Forcing myself to be objective, there are a few downsides.  The service CAN be slow at times.  Servers are always friendly, but if you're in a huge hurry this might not be the best choice.  And while I haven't sampled the entire menu, I've had a few things that weren't so great.  The tomato soup is basically just a bowl of chunky spaghetti sauce, and I'm not a huge fan of the mac & cheese bites (but my friend absolutely loved them, so that could just be me).  The burgers also tend to be cooked more on the "medium well" end of the spectrum regardless of how you order, so if you're someone who likes their burger rare you'll probably be disappointed.  It's also not the largest of restaurants, so it can get pretty packed, especially in the colder months when the patio is closed.  They also used to do this crazy brunch, which I miss.  They had a sandwich that was a homemade sausage patty (roughly the size of a baseball) with egg, sandwiched between two pieces of french toast.  Not something you see very often.  They still do the Bloody Mary bar on Sundays, but I wish they'd bring that menu back.  I really had to stretch to come up with something negative to say about the Beer Engine, and the positives completely outweigh the negatives.  I should also mention that the kitchen is open late and also open 365 days a year.  I've spent more than my fair share of late nights, as well as a few Christmas's, here.  Whenever I hear someone talk about coming to Lakewood to go to Melt I always tell them to skip the 3 hour wait and come here instead.  Laid-back and unpretentious, it's a must if you've never been.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,10/5/2012,86,287,5,3,3>What a random-ass cool little place. I say "random-ass" because this thoroughly charming restaurant and bar sits smack-dab in the middle of a dumpy little residential neighborhood. I couldn't imagine ever coming across this place by accident; it was suggested by a first date (who later confided that she had been turned down for a job at the place weeks earlier...awkward to say the least). ANYWAY, we ate at the bar. By the looks of the outside of the joint, I would have thought maybe all they had to eat were hot dogs and Miller High Life, but their menu selection rivaled way bigger places around town. We both got appetizers, and they were dee-lish. Normal American tasty pub fare. Good beer selection, too. As another reviewer mentioned, this would be a great place to grab dinner before a show at the Beachland Ballroom. It was near-deserted on a Tuesday night, but I hear they get crazy packed on the weekends. Funk yeah.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,10/4/2012,30,204,6,13,9>I stopped eating cupcakes when I was ten years old. I understand why grooms are photographed shoving wedding cake in the bride's face. Grocery store bakeries are adequate for those who grew up with McDonald's "milkshakes."  The recent trendy bakeries arrange each little ole thing on a doily with flourishes and charge prices only a low-taxed-high-income Republican can afford. Some of us want tradition over trend and skill over hype. We can patronize one of several Old World small bakeries. For me none compare to the Hungarian and our town has more than most places. I have reviewed Tommy's and Lucy's and now add Transylvania. In any Hungarian American home the counter has beigli (nut and poppy seed rolls) and kifle (kolache cookies.) They both are laborious and require finesse that was abundant among our grandmothers but did not seem to pass down thru the generations. We go to Farkas, Tommy's or Lucy's to keep our counters happy. I have had many baked goods from Transylvania as its goods appear at local fairs and festivals. Coffee houses and restaurants sell its pastries without identifying the origin. Today I made a special trip to the bakery. Lately I stopped  frequenting that area. Thanks to the unscrupulous mortgage lending Fleet has rapidly deteriorated closing the many Polish butchers, bakeries and cafes. Until low cost housing requires a clean crime record as well as a low income such programs will fail to accomplish their goal. I recently signed up as a volunteer to assist in the Cleveland Public Schools and there were no excuses made for requiring me to submit to a criminal background search. Senseless those who give service are background checked. Those who take services are not subjected to such checks. This is a neighborhood those with suburban roots have always insulted and a bakery where the same will see one fly and act as if no fly has ever landed on a sandwich in their own kitchens.  Transylvania is a small commercial traditional Hungarian bakery where the baker is not a tattooed hipster combining ingredients that even Nature never placed together in the wildest jungle. I walked down the side of the building and thru the screen door where I was immediately next to a woman shaping kalacs (kolach) or Hungarian sweet braided egg bread. I suspect the Jews copied kalacs to make Challah but use oil rather than the richer butter as required by their dietary laws. You have to ask what is available and the gregarious  older baker will check his cupboards or you can look thru a book to place an order. I left with a walnut torte that is all a cake can hope to be and my counter top poppy seed roll regretting that the kalacs had a few hours till done.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,10/3/2012,162,287,7,8,4>Disclaimer:  I have never been to NOLA. So I suppose I've never had truly authentic Cajun/Creole cuisine, NOLA style. BUT damn. I really hope that this was it because it was SO good! Fake boyfriend and I went last night and we both thoroughly enjoyed our meal. We started off with a beer and a cocktail. I tried the Cajun Lemonade. Very interesting (with hot sauce!) and refreshing -- I'd definitely drink that again. For an appetizer we chose the pecan-crusted catfish -- delicious and you could tell that the fish was super fresh. We also got a Caesar salad because FB likes to try them almost everywhere. It was good. Entree was the Classic Cajun etouffee. WOW. The flavor of that dish was simply incredible. It included country shrimp, crawfish, and redfish "seasoned w/ Creole spices and vegetables then smothered in a rich crab stock with red-brown roux and served over steamed rice." I typed that out and a little bit of drool fell onto my keyboard. I can't recommend this dish enough. I really wanted to try a po' boy but I just didn't enough room in my stomach. Next time, for sure! Service was really great. Our server, Jake, took care of us splendidly. Only negatives were:  it was really loud inside, even though it wasn't overly crowded. Bad acoustics, I think. However, the dining room had cozy lighting and overall nice ambiance. We opted to sit outside on their street front patio. It was nice and they pipe music out there. Plus, you can sit and watch all of the yupsters who are out walking their dogs. LOVE Jezebel's. Can't wait to get my happy ass back to try more of their menu!
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,10/2/2012,30,393,5,13,9>I've waited to write this review because I didn't think I could put how amazing my meal was into words.  But here goes.Easily made a reservation for 4 on a Friday night.  Although we arrived early, we were quickly ushered to our upstairs table which allowed us to people watch below.  Awesome.Within seconds of sitting down our water glasses were full.  A few short moments later, our waitress arrived to take our drink orders and explained that we'd be getting complimentary cornbread and an amuse of tater tots.  I asked if either were vegetarian friendly/safe, and instead of the blank stare I get from most servers when I ask that question, our waitress didn't skip a beat and told me the cornbread was fine but that the tots came with bacon - that she could leave off.  She then proceeded to tell me that I might like the 5 veg plate entree.  I was wowed.  And almost too speechless to order what ended up being an excellent Moscow Mule.  For the novelty factor, my friend ordered a PBR in a can.  It arrived dented.  Not sure if that was for comedic effect or what.  The bacon free tots and amazingly good cornbread (but sugary - you might not like it if you don't like sweet thing) arrived shortly thereafter.  I was a fan of both.  I think the tater tots at Dim and Den Sum (the truck that got Chef Hodgeson's culinary career rolling in Cleveland) might be what made the food truck phenomenon what it is in Cleveland today.  But back to Hodge's.  I ordered a salad to start and my friends got the corn dog trio.  My salad was excellent and my friends liked the corn dogs, more for the novelty than the taste.  Not everyone likes lobster corn dogs, I guess.  For my main meal, I got the 5 veg plate.  I have ordered vegetable plates here there and everywhere and they've been pretty underwhelming, but this one was absolutely amazing.  I'm not sure I've ever had better Brussels sprouts.  The potato component was excellent, as were the spinach, peas, carrots, and turnips. (ironically, I think there are more than 5 veg-es in the 5 veg dish - whatevs)  Honestly, I had this meal a couple weeks ago now and it's all I can think of.  I really can't wait to go back and get it again.I was really too busy scarfing down my meal to notice what my meat eating companions had, but I did hear my friend say that her scallops were amazing and although she never would have put the various components that were in the dish together, it worked perfectly.  I highly recommend Hodge's.  It has a fun atmosphere, great service, and even better food.  Kudos to Chef Hodge for creating such an excellent restaurant.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,10/1/2012,44,53,,5,4>I've been participating in the Bier Run 5k for 3 years. Last year it was raining, but I got my best time yet. My little weiner dogs have been running in the Dachshund races for 2 years. For participating, they get free admission, I get free admission and my family comes out for the rest of the fun.Run 3.1 miles and then grab a cream puff as big as your head, along with a hearty pint of German beer. Hello ethnic food - pierogies, spaetzle, kraut, sausages!!! Plus the usual fair foods, ice cream, french fries, elephant ears and deep fried vegetables!There's mums for sale, musical entertainment, dancers, and crafts shows. One of my favorite events of the summer.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,9/30/2012,95,51,5,4,4>I felt kind of weird deciding to go take a walk in a cemetery on a nice day, but I had heard about how cool Lake View Cemetery was so I figured it was worth a shot. I was definitely not disappointed.First of all it is freaking gorgeous. I couldn't believe how pretty everything was. There are also quite a few historical figures and local celebs buried here, so if you're into that kind of thing there's that. Go put a dime on the Rockefeller headstone and maybe you'll be as rich as him one day! There are picnic tables around the Garfield Monument, so if you're looking to go on a walk and pack a lunch, go for it! I'm definitely going to in the near future!Also, the owners obviously have a sense of humor. There was a sign that read "We have LOTS to talk about!" I remember thinking how weirdly out of place and fitting at the same time!
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,9/29/2012,28,94,,3,2>Amazing locally sourced creative cuisine in what has up to now been an unlucky location for restaurants.  This chef has broken the curse!!  Highlights are the risotto, local cheese plate, chilled beet soup, and amazing tacos.  The atmosphere is upscale but relaxed and cozy, with a natural flair.  Their special cocktails are worth a look - the last time we were there, I had a strawberry cocktail with cracked black pepper.  Yum!  They just opened a great patio in the back, and it's lovely for drinks or dinner on a summer evening.  Also, bonus points for offering the happy hour menu on the patio!  We've had nothing but friendly, efficient service, and creative food here, and we'll be back!
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,9/28/2012,353,269,2,3,3>Here to tell you I think this place is off the hook!  I was excited to try it & was not disappointed.  At first I thought they were a little pricey, but put things in perspective.  The ingrediants are of higher quality than you would think.Went on a Sunday afternoon & it wasn't crowded at all.  Four of us sat at the counter and talked to the friendly staff members the whole time.  I ordered the Chicago dog & really loved it!  Boyfriend got the Carolina dog & he loved it!  The boys got the Coney dogs and wanted more.  Nom, Nom, Nom...Few things worth noting... I am a designer and I was digging everythig about this place!  The layout, the lighting, the surface materials, the graphic design, etc.  I can really appreciate all of the nice, clean details this place offers.  I even took a pic of the rest room!  A+ to the design team!They even have nice, thick, soft napkins which were like a luxury!  I want to work here just so I can get a red pair of Converse! Seriously,  I love their uniforms, very cool.  If they sold their shirts I would buy one!  Love the artwork & colors.  Again, well done & kudos to the artist!
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,9/27/2012,24,98,3,3,3>Two times have I gotten take-out pie from Angelo's, and two times has my mouth been happy with the choice.  As others have commented, their sauce is delicious, and the crust is perfect.A word to the wise, pizza is "greasy" when there is actually cheese and sausage on it.  Both of those items weep juices when heated, so it's not unheard of for a pizza containing those items (not to mention being a deep dish crust, which has oil in it) to be a little on the wet side.  Another reviewer commented that they skimp on ingredients...if this is true, why did another comment on the grease?Perhaps it's the KIND of pizza each ordered?On both occasions, the pizzas I have eaten had plenty of toppings that did not dribble off the crust when I picked up a slice.  This, to me, is perfect pizza.I can't comment on the service, because I've done takeout/delivery on both occasions.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,9/26/2012,271,526,4,4,5>Chicken and Waffles. Cayenne butter. Berry maple syrup. Truffle mac & cheese. Special deviled eggs. A killer beer list. Oh, sorry, was I drooling? Yeah. Yeah I was. And you know what? I'm not sorry!I want to eat everything on Deagan's menu (and drink everything in its beer list). I'm completely impressed by what they have going on and have always had great experiences when I go. I love it, it's one of my favorites and always an excellent go-to for friends in town or out of town visitors, any time of any day. I'm not usually this forward but...um... Deagans: do you wanna go steady? In leu of a pin I'll accept pancetta and a Stillwater Saison. xo
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,9/25/2012,137,196,3,2,3>Local bakery that has been a icon of the community since 1949. If you live in the area, you have heard of Baraonas.. and chances are the first words out of someone mouth when you mention their name is "Have you tried their Cassata cake?" My birthday wish every year is for a Baraona's Cassata cake. They are magnificent! I have heard that there are people who don't particularly like Cassata cakes and i shiver at the thought of being born with such a curse! The bakery also sells local favorites like Kolackys, Canolis, cakes, donuts.. blah blah blah.. But i really only go there for one thing. Do not try to walk in and buy a cake.. This is a call ahead and order bakery, not Giant Eagle. Local and family owned is a shopping trend we should all start adopting before corporate chain places completely ruin food as we knew it. Got an event coming up and need a cake, try Baraonas once I promise you will be a regular for life.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,9/24/2012,70,153,2,4,2>I returned to Seoul Hot Pot to try their non-grill menu, and I came away very impressed and questioning my current devotion to Seoul Garden as the top dog in Cleveland Korean cuisine.Their seafood pancake might be the best I've had thus far, prepared with just the right amount of pancake, scallions, and seafood. Their dukbokki (spicy rice cake) also steals the crown from Seoul Garden, as it packs a much more dynamic, hearty flavor, and they even topped it off with a few strips of savory bulgogi. The rice cakes were so tender they practically melted in my mouth. Their japchae was delicious, not much else to say there. The bibimbap, however, arrived already burnt, our server forgot the chili sauce, and overall it just lacked flavor. Rounding the meal out was the banchan, which was standard fare, and the complimentary orange slices which are still out-of-this-world good.Where they take the hit this time is their service. The owner manning the tables that night, while he is a very sweet, pleasant old man, could have used some help in the service department. Parties that arrived later were waited on before people that arrived earlier. Whoops. And to mention again, he forgot the chili sauce for my bibimbap, which comes in a squeeze bottle. No biggie, he apologized and proceeded to yank it from another party's table for me. lolwut? They were still eating...Aside from those minor hiccups, my dining experience was a lot better this time around. Service was worse, but the food was spectacular. Look beyond the gimmick-y grill tables and you'll stumble upon some really good menu items.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,9/22/2012,45,266,3,2,3>I was pretty impressed by this place. Went on a Wednesday about 730 and there was no wait. We asked to and got seated on the back patio. Everyone loved the ambiance back there. There were a lot of massive heaters which I'm sure are great on chilly days in the fall or spring. And a massive outdoor fireplace that they had lit by the time we left. The service was just fine. I had the Trouble and really loved it, right down my alley. Other people got IPAs and really liked them too. We got the chips with the two salsas and guacamole as an appetizer. It was very good. It was obvious the chips were made in house. I really loved the salsa verde. It didn't last long between four people. I had the bbq brisket sandwich with fries and it was delicious. That bread worked perfectly with it. I don't know what it's called but it was very buttery and held up just right. And the fries were very good. Better than your average side of fries, I would have been happy with them as an appetizer.Everyone cleaned their plates and talked about when we can come back again. However we wouldn't choose to sit at on of the tables on the back patio again because of the bar stools. When you spend hours on those things they aren't so comfortable.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,9/21/2012,75,131,2,8,4>So, on one of my many walks, I happened to pass what seemed to be another interesting gallery on Murray Hill road in Little Italy. However, little did I know there was more than good taste in art waiting inside.Sunny Side Up is a combo mini-gallery and breakfast nook full of tastes for the soul and the eyes, with jewelry and knick-nacks as well as some really interesting wall art. I, myself, had their "artisan breakfast sandwich", which was a tasty egg/spinach/brie combo on a whole grain English muffin with a side of fruit. With coffee, it was certainly refreshing. Other items on the menu include Their "egg in a pepper" and their "Bumblebee", a combo of chunky peanut butter, sliced bananas and honey on oat nut bread. Inside the boutique gallery there is a section for bakery, made, I would guess, on premises, and looking very appetizing and, if I wasn't watching my weight, I'd have taken a bit home. One of the drawbacks is, at least right now, the only seating is outdoors with sidewalk cafe-style sit down. There are some parking spots along the back as well as the street, but you might want to make this a little walking stop on your morning jaunt like I did.The owner is a cordial, king gent who was very attentive and I have to say, Sunny Side Up certainly did make my day a little more sunny, and it might do the same for you:)
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,9/20/2012,336,288,4,7,6>Der Braumeister is a Cleveland gem. Located in Cleveland's West Park neighborhood, this place is one part German restaurant/beer hall and one part deli and market. Did I mention they also have a killer patio (never mind the loud Lorain Avenue traffic; after a few German brews you won't even notice)? After moving back home to Cleveland after a four-year absence I was looking forward to tapping (no pun intended) back into the bar/restaurant scene. What a way to start things off. This place sated my inner beer geek with a beer list that's heavy on the Deutschland brews - as it should be and a large rotating selection of taps. On the eve of our visit I sampled two selections from La Chouffe (La Chouffe Blonde and Houblon Chouffe), a lovely De Koninck Belgian amber and a few others I can't seem to remember right now. For some reason, it's all a bit fuzzy. The bottom line with Der Braumeister's beer selection is that it's undeniably German and it's good. If you can't pronounce it that's all the more reason to try it. Be not afraid, der bier ist gud.Now for the food. We started our meal with the Landjager platter. This is essentially a German take on charcuterie. Give me some cured smoked meat, cheese, mustard and horseradish and I'm one happy guy. Since I'm from good German stock (sometime way back when anyway) I've always had a soft spot for schnitzel and potato salad. But one thing I'd been craving for years has been chicken paprikash. The problem? It's pretty damn hard to find any restaurant that even knows what it is let alone how to make it right. Well slap my leiderhosen-laden ass and call me Hans, Der Braumeister nails it. They make one of the best chicken paprikash dishes I've ever tasted (sorry grandma) and the this includes the spaetzel. Tender, juicy, hearty and full of love, it didn't matter that it was nearly 90 degrees outside, I downed the entire thing.My wife went with the Bavarian pretzel sandwich - warm Bavarian ham, slightly sweet and salty, Swiss cheese, pungent and nutty, a schmear of seedy German mustard, and fresh lettuce and tomato. The only downside of this dish was a logistical one. Whereas most would assume this was served on a pretzel bun, most would be wrong. The Der Braumeister version is served on an actual pretzel. This makes it a tad difficult to eat as things keep wanting to slip out of the big holes. A challenge, but one well worth undertaking.As if all that weren't enough, we actually had room for dessert. We opted for the apple strudel with vanilla ice cream. Sure, they had some other things on the menu like tiramisu cheesecake and some kind of torte, but if you're doing the German thing you've gotta go strudel. The pastry was warm, flaky and cooked a gleaming golden brown and the apples inside were soft and sweet. A perfect ending to our meal, wunderbar!I can't wait to get myself back to Der Braumeister to try some fried sauerkraut balls and a potato pancake reuben sandwich. With friendly service that respects your wont to take your time and German food that's as good as any you'll find outside of Dusseldorf, it's no wonder Der Braumeister was named one of the Top 20 Beer Bars in the US by Men's Health magazine. So the next time you're craving some kummelweck or you've got a hankerin' for some Hungarian goulash, head over to Der Braumeister..knee slapping and oompah optional.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,9/19/2012,54,46,1,6,3>One of the best things that ever happened to the Northfield area.The meats are fantastic and priced well, the deli counter meats are so much cheaper than Giant Eagle. The fruits and vegtables are always well stocked and fresh.A great market for sure..........
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,9/18/2012,31,136,5,5,5>WARNING: If you are serious about your diet, are diabetic or have other reasons to avoid indulgent sweet temptations don't read this review!I come from the land of Krispy Kreme- not those foolish boxes of stale doughnuts sold at gas stations and supermarkets but the real deal.  I'm talking conveyer belt of yummy gooey goodness available 24 hrs a day and a bright red sign alerting the neighborhood that they are indeed, "Hot Now!"  While I remain a fan of the Krispy Kreme I have to say that Jack Frost is in a completely separate category.  Maybe that's why they use the different spellings.  These are very different tasty treats!My coworkers introduced me to Jack Frost and it was love at first bite.  The icing coming out of the top of the donut ads a bit of sweetness without being TOO much.  It's a lovely addition, too.  I've had a number of flavors and frankly I can just remember that they were yummy!!!!  I have had the chocolate donut (a cake-y one that was german chocolate cake themed) and didn't love it.  Had I been new to the JF scene I would have said it was great, but; being the experienced JF devotee I knew it wasn't the top product.  Jack Frost does the light colored (plain?) donut best.  It's almost fluffy and airy when you take a bite so you can really savor the quality flavor of it.  Then (if you've chosen one with the poof of icing) you get a nice soft yet flavorful taste of the vanilla or chocolate, etc. that compliments the donut and top layer of icing.  One donut that doesn't seem to come with the icing poof is the maple bacon donut.  Yeh yeh yeh- bacon's blowing up/ blown up/ is over but you've gotta give this a shot.  Seriously.  Consider taking a hiatus from any vegetarian/ vegan dietary commitments you might have made.  They do maple great in a number of ways.  Something to remember: Jack Frost does not take credit or debit cards.  They have taken a check (and the dears actually took my out of state check- I can't bring myself to buy a new box because these are perfectly fine for paying rent which is really the only time I ever use them) and they'll take cash of course!  A dozen donuts will set you back a little over $8 and you'll get your money's worth!
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2012,9/17/2012,97,170,2,5,4>I went here with a friend after running 6 miles so I was hungry. It was a Tuesday so it was steak night. $13 for a really nice steak with some veggies hits the spot. I have a problem with restaurants who can't make what I order like when I say " I like to have it cooked medium rare" It comes out medium done. I can't say it for this place. They make it to what you order so when I say medium rare, it came out medium rare. So kudos to Don's. The place looked like the bar in that old show called Cheers. Very low key and quiet. Full bar and good food. On Sundays, they have $2 dozen mussels so definitely have to come back to try that. When a place makes their steaks well, their other food must also be good too, right?
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,9/16/2012,104,314,2,2,4>Pho was born in Northern Vietnam during the mid-1880s. The dish was heavily influenced by both Chinese and French cooking. Rice noodle and spices were imported from China; the French popularized the eating of red meat. It is believed that "pho" is originated from "pot au feu" a French soup. Vietnamese cooks blended the Chinese, French and native influences to make a dish that is uniquely Vietnamese.Stopped in to Bowl of Pho with my co-worker today and we learned how to say Pho correctly.  It's pronounced, 'fa'.  Anyway, I ordered the Com Chiên - Fried Rice with shrimp.  Mark ordered the Pho Tái - Beef noodle with beef eye round.  Mark liked his Pho and after he added some of the sauces into the Pho, he liked it even more.  My fried rice was sticky and tasty.  The five shrimp were perfectly cooked and delicious, but the portion could have been larger.  I mean, you get a ton of Pho in a bowl dishes, but not a ton of rice in the stir fry dishes.Anyway, the quality of ingredients is outstanding here.  The food is really good and the service is solid.  With tip, lunch was $13.80 with water to drink.Recommend!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,9/15/2012,263,228,12,7,6>Zakuska for allPost soviet nirvanaThumb up from BoratVelcome to this deli! Pleeze to enjoy eastern world delicacies. Smoked fishes, many types sausage, pickled vegetable, pickled herrings, kvas, beers,and beautiful vimen singing the Russian songs while they stock the shelf. Frozen cakes from the Brooklyn "ittle kremlin" area.  Nazdrovya!Karry on, Comrade...
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2012,9/14/2012,178,155,4,9,8>Upon entering, I felt like I died and entered into smoked meat heaven.You know how when you are near a campfire and you go home smelling like smoking embers? Well, I came home smelling of smokey sausages. OMG...This family-run Slovenian meat shop has been around for 20+ years. Why it took me so long to stumble in is a shame. After punk rock yoga at the Beachland, I saw this place across the street... "OPEN"... YES!!! I had been meaning to check this place out for a long time.As I walked in, the smell of smoked cured meat hit me in the face like a ton of bricks... yummy salty bricks. I was instantly happy and a bit overwhelmed. There's a lot to choose from. I figured I'd try some bacon. "With rind or without?" the owner said. Umm "WITH!". I had never had bacon with a rind before. As soon as I got home, I cooked a couple slices. OMGGGGGGG Yum! It's really smokey and the rind cooks into a bubbly pork rind. Some of the tastiest bacon I have had!I also got some Klobasa (Kielbasa) and some other stuff. I wish I got the names. I tried them all (in the car on the way home). I couldn't wait. The Klobasa was good. A bit different than the polish variety that I favor. The small dried sausage was really smokey and flavorful. The owner even threw in an extra. Next time, I will definitely get names so I can properly review them. But rest assured, it was all good. The owner was super sweet. The prices are incredibly reasonable and the selection is amazing. I will be back soon!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,9/13/2012,128,94,5,6,5>I was so jazzed about trying out Stone Mad on our Thursday night date night (before catching a showing of Jurassic Park at Capitol Theatre) and even more jazzed that we had time to have the whole "Stone Mad Experience" - from patio, to food, to the crazy cool potty in the basement, to oh yes, bocce ball. It was lovely.First things first: parking. When we got there it was kinda early (6ish) and I noticed a number of spots out front on the street - some of them would have required parallel parking - but that's no big. We ended up parking in Capitol's lot (probably would not suggest this on busier nights because its rude to steal other people's spaces, but I figured we were headed over after dinner so why not).As we sauntered down w.65th toward Stone Mad it was a scorcher - must have been at least 90 degrees and some ridiculously high level of humidity - so we decided to have a drink at the bar before grabbing something to eat on the patio. We entered through the front door - and as per usual I was confused, do I push, do I pull, do I bust through with both arms? It was like a swinging door type thing but with two sides and I must have looked like a fool trying to make my way through. Once inside there wasn't like a hostess, just the bartender, and a few people milling around the gorgeous warm toned wooden bar, the place just felt very authentic.They had some happy hour pricing going on so I had an unauthentically Irish rum and diet and the boy toy ordered up some of his favorite, Strongbow. As we sat chatting at the bar I noticed other people were coming in and making their way to the back of the restaurant to seat themselves. To make truly sure it was a "seat yourself" type deal we asked the bartender and he said that was cool for inside but that outside there was probably someone to seat you. We picked up our drinks and headed back through the restaurant to make our way to the patio. We were greeted with even more beautiful, warm, and inviting woodwork with cozy little tables spread about. Making our way through the side entrance we headed out to the patio - greeted with a beautiful stone fireplace, plenty of stone seating, and a waterfall. We were given the option to seat ourselves and chose a nice shaded area toward the back of the patio. Was such a great atmosphere that even in 90 degree weather - it was still enjoyable. We then ordered a couple more drinks - a blueberry thrill for me (Stoli Blueberry vodka infused with fresh lemonade, shaken and trimmed with fresh blueberries) and another Strongbow for the man. With our drinks came a cup of pickles - a few tiny ones, a few regular slicked dill spears - I was loving it. Since we had a lot of time before the movie we decided to space out our meal and ordered the Stuffed Peppers (peppers stuffed with chorizo, served atop house made marinara sauce) as an appetizer - so yum. Once it came down to our dinner selections we decided to share and ordered up a Turkey Club (hand carved turkey, with bacon, Irish cheddar, havarti, lettuce, tomato, and mayo), the Famous Beef Brisket (slow roasted, hand-carved, and served on a dusted roll with horseradish sauce and au jus), some creamy mascarpone polenta, and home fries. Everything was delectable.After dinner we were dying for some A/C so we paid our bill and made our way back inside to take another look around. Since it was pretty empty, we made our way to the back to check out the bocce court. I was super excited because nobody was playing and there was only one table of four seated back there so I wouldn't be embarrassing myself in front of too many people with my poor bocce ball handling skills. I asked one of the waitresses if we were allowed to just play, and she said "of course!" so we (drinks in hand, since the sign doesn't forbid it) headed into the court. Of course the boy and I had to google bocce ball rules (thank god for iPhones!) and after some reading up on it decided that we didn't have to be too technical about it. And in case you're wondering - you're supposed to take the smaller ball (the pallina) have someone throw it (underhand only) and then try to get the bigger balls (each team has four) closest to the pallina without touching it or hitting the back wall (alternating turns). Whoever ends up with the closest ball (or balls) to the pallina scores points. Long story short, the boyfriend ended up beating me (but not by much!).Since I had perused Yelp before coming down - I knew I had to check out the amazing downstairs bathroom before we headed down to the theatre. I just had to figure out how to get there first. So, we ended up asking the bartender and were told that "its the coolest thing about the place" and then pointed in the right direction (you get to the stairs through the front bar area to the left of the door that leads back to the dining area). The bathroom is as cool as the pictures make it look.All in all, great Irish experience. We shall return. Sláinte, Stone Mad!
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,9/12/2012,167,334,5,8,7>OMG!  Flippin' amazing food!  I've been reading the amazing Yelps and I completely trust Angela S's taste in good food so I really wanted to check out Barroco.Last night I asked my mom to join me for some errands and dinner at Barroco.  Neither of us has had Colombian food before and were excited to try it.  Barroco is a little lacking on set up on the inside, but it was clean and bright with some interesting artwork.  Our waitress Rosa was just the cutest thing, she was so excited to tell us about everything on the menu and to make sure our first experience was great so we would come back.Mom ordered the Hawaiian Arepa with black bean soup.  I ordered the Chicken Tostones.  We also had an appetizer that was heaven sent and so rich and heavy it could have been a meal itself.  I must say I'm typically not a Hawaiian fan of food but this Arepa was like meaty sweet and salty goodness in my mouth!  (Please sir, I want some more!).  I LOVED the Chicken Tostones.  In fact, I loved everything so much I can't stop talking about it to my friends and co-workers.  There were six sauces for the food too and the Garlic was amazing as was the spicy peanut!  Seriously, I cannot wait to come back and try other menu items.  The food was very heavy and some of it so heavily fried you can only eat a little.  The nice thing was that I probably have several meals sitting in my frig at home for me to enjoy over the next day or so.  The price is right too!  Average entree is $10.  If you're a vegetarian you can certainly find some Veg-friendly items amongst the carnivorous menu options.The kitchen is making your food to order so sometime you have to wait a bit, but lemme tell ya!  Barroco is WELL WORTH THE WAIT!
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,9/11/2012,110,405,5,8,6>Cheap, unassuming, unhyped, and ridiculously tasty. I can't believe this was my first visit to a place I pass on a daily basis. Took my out of town yelp pal to have something more exotic than the pizza and pub food  we had the previous days. The giant bowl(a medium) of London broil pho was just about the most fragrant and complex food I've had in a long, long time. It was so down home comforting in it's soupiness, yet deliriously foreign with it's Mekong melange of herbs and spices. Once you are served, you are not constantly pestered. You can just eat in peace and have conversation with your dining partners about all the weird places you've been, the way you cook foreign dishes at home, and the people you know who hate to try anything new. You lose yourself in that cauldron of truth serum sitting before you. Some reviewers and tv hosts speak of these transformative moments they have while dining. It's happened to me very rarely. But it definitely happened to me here. Forget take out. You do yourself a disservice if you don't just shut out the world and spend a quiet, contemplative hour or so staring into that sea of basil and lime. I might not ever go back to some of the places I hit this past week, but this one is definitely on the list of return business.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,9/10/2012,24,28,2,3,2>This might very well be my new hangout spot. I was excited to see a new business open down the street from me and even more excited when I actually walked in.The place is clean and pretty spacious--a nice long bar and plenty of tables as well as lots of standing room.The drinks are very reasonably priced, better then most if not all places on W25th and Lakewood. Yuengling under 2 bucks, this is my kind of place!The menu is loaded with all sorts of tasty treats--burgers, sandwiches, wings, mac and cheese, hot dogs, and deep fried ice cream sandwiches! I've eaten here a couple of times and was left satisfied each time. You can tell the cook(s) have talent and creativity, coming up with specials on the daily. I would recommend this place for anyone looking for some cheap drinks, a nice atmosphere, and some of the damn best bar food you can find in the area.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2012,9/9/2012,92,37,2,6,2>Orale! - is one of those places  you go when you miss your Spring Break in Cancun hangover tacos with salsa and chips. They are the perfect remedy to a bad day and fill you up. Get this- not only are the tacos and salsa worth the first time visit here but so are the enchiladas and tamales. The cherry on top for me was how attentive the servers were- but not annoying. They refilled our salsa containers right away upon request and always made sure we had chips on the table.Bring a few friends and grub up on some great south of the boarder comida!
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,9/8/2012,55,83,9,8,7>Hey I just met you.  And this is crazy.  I love your Deep Dish.  More space maybe?We visited Tony Maloney's on a Saturday afternoon.  The inside isn't very big especially with the massive bar situated in the middle of the room.  It was fairly crowded and they had a $10.99 prime rib special.  It looked like they were setting up for a band inside.  We opted to be immediately seated on the patio.  After using some of my negotiating skills on my wife she agreed to sharing their Deep Dish Pizza.  The provolone was yummy-gooey goodness.  Plenty of mushrooms, pepperoni, and onions filled the inside. The pepperoni was just the perfect crispiness.  The crust was angelic and some of the cheese was rolled into the edge of the pizza.  Topping substitutions were allowed... but why?  It was awesome as-is.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,9/7/2012,20,501,,3,3>Big Fun represents the true spirit of Coventry. It is unusual, fun filled and a bit bizarre. Every time I visit I find something that makes me smile. It can be old toys and video games. It can be memorabilia about old Cleveland pop culture. It can be bizarre items that you can't find in one place outside the Internet. Friendly help, especially on weekends. Worth a special trip.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,9/6/2012,51,109,3,4,3>I never thought I'd have much to say one way or another about a hardware store, but I love this place! It's a little neigborhood store, but has everything you need. I go here often for paint/painting supplies, regular household needs like light bulbs and extension cords, and...okay, I'll admit it: there is a very sweet and mellow older dog that wanders around the store most of the time named Bella that I am especially fond of. The (people) owners are nice, and helpful, too. :]
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,9/5/2012,88,107,2,5,2>I am a FRENCH FRY FIEND. I love love love french fries and any fried potato variety.I was a bit surprised with a small shop with this concept of french fries and ice cream.  The shop is small with maybe 4 tables total, the setup is comparable to The fries are perfect on their own with nice crunch on the outer shell with a soft, mashed potato texture on the inside and just the right amount salt.  My mouth is already watering as I write this.  You have your choice of 3 styles: shoestring, sweet potato shoestrings, WAFFLE FRIES (I love waffle fries), and wait for it.... FUNNEL CAKE FRIES.Their dipping sauces will put the french fries over the top with various choices and "gourmet toppings"!!  Their choices include sauces like lime chile curry, vanilla icing for the funnel cake fries, barbeque, tiki masala curry etc. (The shoestrings are a bit better for dipping into the sauces.). Their gourmet varieties are french fry servings for two- with pepperoni pizza fries, Parmesan and truffle fries, chilli cheese fries, etc.  I can't wait to get their pizza fries (my arteries are slowly clogging at the thought of it).  Their fries are a bit pricey ($4.85 for a regular and $5 something for a large plain fry), but definitely worth a try.  The sauces are $.85 each.I have not yet tried their ice cream or funnel cake fries, but that will be for my next visit, after my double bypass.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,9/4/2012,215,581,6,4,3>Wow, what a unique ice cream shop! You kind of get the feeling that the product is more important than the decor/presentation. (Handwritten signs, kind of "bare bones" shop,etc.) That's okay with me.My husband and I shared a four-scoop bowl. At $4.95, that's a deal that's hard to beat for really GOOD ice cream. The scoops weren't huge, but they were a nice size and the bowl was enough for the two of us to share.We had the peanut butter and jelly, cocoa puffs, carrot cake, and chocolate passionfruit which had a salted caramel flavor to it as well. Out of all of them, I enjoyed the chocolate passionfruit the most. It was so smooth and creamy. Many of the flavors had "stuff" inside. While it tasted good, it seemed a little awkward because the consistency of the ice cream was so smooth. Plus, the carrot cake ice cream with a little bit of coconut was perfect; the cream cheese chunk I got was overkill. Same with the brioche bread in the peanut butter & jelly (though I LOVED the jelly swirl). Anyway, it was delicious. Since I'm so much closer to Mitchell's and Sweet Moses, I would probably return to either of those first, but next time I'm in Tremont I'll definitely patronize Churned again.My husband asked me to add the following:"If you don't give this place five stars on Yelp, you're dumb. Also, now I regret moving out of Tremont."
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,9/3/2012,63,142,5,3,3>Alterations Express is first-rate...for hemming pants.Those of you that know me have likely heard me say that part of being a grown up is having a tailor - a real one. In my case, a tailor must be between 75 and 190 years old, male, and have a memorable accent. Yours could whatever, but to be taken seriously by yours truly, ensure that you have one.Anyways...Although I trust the kind folks at Alterations Express to hem pants while I wait (my wife insists that there is an awkward pants-optional waiting room where nobody looks anybody in the eyes), they do not - repeat, DO NOT - replace a tailor. I have had nothing but great experiences with them going above and beyond to ensure I was a happy client and it keeps me coming back with loads of pants long enough to make other pants when they're done with them!What did we learn here: This place shortens pants, and you should have a tailor.That is all.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,9/2/2012,7,97,3,5,3>Stumbled across this place while biking home last night and had a pleasant experience. We were greeted by a little counter where you order treats such as pierogis and stuffed cabbage rolls. We ordered a serve of cheese and potato pierogis (3 for just $5) and a beer from the bar (which also makes root beer floats and shakes). Pierogis were great. A nice summer's evening pitstop.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,9/1/2012,215,36,2,9,5>I love their "Pajama Brunch".....I mean, buffet style brunch with an omelet  bar...were you are encouraged to wear your pajamas?! sold. The buffet is set up by the front entrance, and kinda wraps around the kitchen area. There is a spot to order custom omelets with a ton of options! The buffet is awesome! It usually consist of a fresh fruit salad, a dessert (apple crisp today), french toast, pancakes,peaches, grits, eggs Benedict, sausage gravy and biscuits, baby sausage patties and crispy bacon! I am pretty sure there are more choices but I cant seem to remember them.....All of this, as much as you want for $8.56?! Probably one the best brunch deals around! The decor is cute, kinda seems like they tired a little too hard to be trendy, but meh, the food is super good and relativity inexpensive, and the service is on point with refills and removing used buffet plates!   They has have a full beer/drink list!
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2012,8/31/2012,342,426,3,4,4>How could I live so close to this place, but have never tried it?I had a day off, so my friend suggested we try Mister Brisket. Oooh. "Oh, this has been the top of the yelp list!" I exclaimed. So off we went.Mister Brisket is definitely one of those hole in the wall place. We parked in the old Rite Aid plaza, crossed the street and entered the small sandwich shops. The people were super friendly behind the counter, and when I asked the guy what was good, he was like, "everything!" with a big smile. Hmmmm. So we studied the chalkboard and as the sandwiches looked gigantic, we both ordered budget boxes (small sandwich, with chips, cookies, and a pop..for around $7! What a deal!). Got our sandwiches quickly and walked to Cain Park to go eat them.She got the corned beef sandwich. Mmmm. That corned beef is really good. Usually, I would never order corned beef because it's usually dosed in salt high enough to cause you to have a stroke, but really, the corned beef was just right- not too salty, and just plain good. I got the pastrami sandwich. Ooh baby, that's good.My only gripe about the food was that the bread...kind of sucks. I mean, it's just.. bread from Schwebels (which is fine, btw). But I feel with that caliber of meat, why didn't they have amazing bread with it? Perhaps I've been spoiled with the Zingermans of Ann Arbor and what not, but....man, change that bread. It's so smooshy and flimsy. If they got some good hearty crunchy bread with that meat..it would be amazing.Nonetheless, worth the try!
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,8/30/2012,31,26,4,8,4>This is a story about a manager doing her job and rescuing what could have been a disastrous evening and a one star review. Let me first say that I adore this wine bar. The service is exemplery, the wine list is diverse and easy to navigate, and the food is delicious. So what was the problem? Apparently the hostess was having a bad day. And that's okay. I do her job part time at the Velvet Tango Room and I know how tough it is to put on a smile when you really feel like shoving people out the door. But it's my job to do just that. Unfortunately this hostess felt the need to take out her bad day on the customers. She was curt, rude, and never even attempted to make eye contact or a smile. I felt unwanted. A nuisance to her.So I did something I have never done before. I asked to speak to the manager. She was gracious, apologetic, and accomodating. My entire evening went from awful to fabulous. I felt like I was important as a customer and was assured that the problem would be addressed and fixed. I proceeded to have a lovely bottle of wine with my girlfriend, decided to order dinner, and stayed for coffee and desert. Otherwise I was willing to walk out the door. Well played blond manager girl, well played.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,8/29/2012,140,180,7,10,6>German food + Italian Food=  Axis of  Veal?We were driving around after the Burton Antiques festival looking for a place to eat that was not faux Amish.  I just did not feel like the scent of overcooked pot roast mingling with the acrid waft of geriatrics.  So we Yelped it.  Surely the Amish were not positing fake reviews, right?No indeed.  To my rescue came my beloved fellow Yelper Stefanie C., who gave this place glowing reviews.  Sold.At first the prices seemed a bit high for a kitchy old place.  However, if you figure that each meal is the size of a huge dinner, lunch the next day, and some leftovers afterwards, it's a rare bargain.  They serve perfectly prepared slabs of veal the size of the Sunday NY Times-- before you do the puzzle.Half the menu is Italian themed and the other half is Greman themed.  Schnitzel and scallopini.  All veal, all the time.  I quit my liberal bleeding heart bellyaching when I tasted my scallopini.  For a meal like that, I'll bear a little guilt.  My husband went Teutonic and had Schnitzel with ham and cheese.  Mein Gott im Himmel!  It was fan-wunderbar-tastic.Try the insanely gigantic sauerkraut meatballs.  Quit whining, you big girl's blouse.  There is only a hint of sauerkraut in the giagantic, tender, battered, deep fried meatballs.  Not enough to shock your tender palate.  Just enough to give it body and zing.My only complaint-- lots of thick heavy cream sauce.  Never liked it.  I'm being a noodge, though.  Eat there.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,8/28/2012,11,84,,8,2>A strange mix of things. That's what this place has.Tucked in with some kind of plastics plant on Brecksville Rd, I always assumed this was a biker bar. As I have found out, it is, but there's more to it than that. The place is cash only, which I suppose is fine, and that is an argument I, as a patron, will lose with a business every time. So ignoring that, when you go to Whitey's you can play a variety of bar games, they have boccie and volleyball leagues, a lobster claw grabbing machine, and a full bar separate from the dining area in case you prefer to go for drinks instead of dinner.  The food is good. It is in giant portions and it is satisfying. The burgers aren't cooked to order, which is ok. The meat is good, though, so at least the cook makes them consistently well. The fries are good, but how can you mess up fries?Really, the only reason not to go here is for the chili. Everything else I had was great, and I would recommend the food to anyone. But the chili is just not for me. I know they are famous for their chili. It's sold in the supermarkets near me. But it tastes watery. And that is why I can only give it four stars. The one food they are supposed to do the best was very much my least favorite thing about the place. Also, this place gets busy in a hurry. Good for them, but bad for patrons. Expect 45min-1hr wait on any given Fri or Sat night.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,8/27/2012,22,51,1,3,4>Clifton Martini & Wine Bar was a great place to curl up at the bar on a snowy night for some girl time with one of my best friends, some drinks, and a chocolate-y dessert!The best parts of my experience were the cozy and comfortable atmosphere, the tuscan bruschetta, and the chocolate chip molten cake. That cake was perfect - I usually will never order super chocolate-y desserts, but this was gooey and delicious. The bruschetta was salty and delicious, and it's really a perfect dish to have with drinks.I was a little underwhelmed by the martini menu - it all seemed pretty basic for a place that calls itself a martini bar. I got the key lime martini - I loved the first one, but I couldn't get myself to choke down the second one. The tartness was great at the beginning but got to be too much for me, so I really just should've switched to a new drink.Overall, I really liked this bar, and would probably visit more often if it weren't so far away. Whenever I'm in the area though, I would be happy to come back!
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2012,8/26/2012,10,41,,10,3>When me and my date decided to come to this aquarium for Valentines day, initially, I was very excited! But then i went online to yelp and I got turned off by all the negative reviews. I chose, however, to keep an open mind. I mean, this is the first aquarium in Cleveland! I can't pass up an opportunity to go just once! I am SO glad that we went. While the fish in the tanks were still babies, I will enjoy watching them and their environment grow. I love that they kept the original brick in the walls and am in love with the intimate tunnels lined with aquariums. It was a great place to go and just relax, chill, and meditate on the fish. Oh! That's another thing, this place was not crowded at all Valentines day afternoon. It was lovely to not have to be worried about tripping over kids all over the place, (which I was somewhat worried about based upon other reviews.) The staff was very friendly as well, with a very knowledgeable gentleman stationed at the lakes and rivers exhibit, ready to answer questions. That's how we found out that Lake Erie was the warmest of the great lakes. (Did you know that? I didn't know that...) I can understand how, if you were to bring a very hyper kid here, you might go through it rather quickly. But that's when you go back and revisit your favorite spots. Yes, this place is great for kids, especially with the full length aquariums for the vertically challenged young'uns. Ok, there is rather limited seating. But that's because they don't want the grand opening crowds tripping over chairs and benches. I know that will be fixed once the crowds die down. And yes, the shark tank (Arguably one of the largest in the country) is a little cloudy. But I know that the water needs time to settle, and it will sort itself out eventually. That will most likely be better within the next month or so. But even that was a fascinating experience. Just to stand in the tube and look up at the fish swimming overhead. I loved it. I'm very happy that we got a couples pass. This will be amazing to watch grow. The price? A little pricey. But it is up to you exactly how much you get out of your visit. If you sprint through, no, you're not gonna get your money's worth. We both spent about 2 and a half hours there and can't wait to go back. Give it a try, keep an open mind, I don't think you'd be disappointed.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,8/25/2012,22,41,3,6,4>I had a wonderful experience here.  She completely revamped a dress that no longer fit, and also altered a suit that needed to be taken in.  Her high quality work is meticulous - and I believe her pricing is fair (if you want cheap alterations she is not your girl - but if you are willing to spend the money, you wont be disappointed).  Her hours are a little unusual - but they have worked perfectly for me.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,8/24/2012,105,123,,3,2>After finishing our shopping much earlier than we had anticipated, we ended up an hour early for our reservation at Grotto.  They were very happy to accommodate us, even though they were quite busy, which we really appreciated!  The interior is small, rustic and cozy - perfect for a wine bar!  Our food was really spectacular - we had a meatball appetizer that we both agreed were the best meatballs we had ever tasted!  What disappoints me slightly about this place, is that the menu isn't that large and they were out of the two items I was really interested in.  That's ok, it happens. It's hard to predict how many people are going to order something in a given night.But, for a wine bar, the wine list was ALSO really small.  We were given a list of maybe 8 whites and 5 reds - no mention of half bottles, full bottles, flights.  Then, they were out of one of those selections! Come on! Most restaurants around town have more impressive wine lists and they don't call themselves wine bars!  The two wines that I had were good - but nothing out of the ordinary that I couldn't pick up at the grocery store.Go here because it's charming and romantic, the service is great and the food is very tasty. Don't go here for the wine - unless you like paying the same price for a single glass as you could for an entire bottle.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2012,8/23/2012,47,52,5,6,5>Breakfast with a twist.This place is perfect for what it is. A small hole in the wall but the food is DELICIOUS!We have been four or five times but this place became an instant favorite. It's a little small so it's best to go early but even at 10:30 it is worth the 30 minute wait. We have yet to be disappointed but we have our favorites. The chorizo breakfast tacos are really the best on the menu. Corn tortilla, chorizo, scrambled egg, cheddar cheese, and homemade salsa with some lime cilantro sour cream. But if you have more of a sweet tooth when it comes to breakfast they will not disappoint. They have 2 types of stuffed french toast. I recommend the classic stuffed french toast with berries. Not to sweet just enough. My husband and I get both and split because it's too good to miss the savory or the sweet.Avoid like the plague:Not having cash. They are old school.Hit or miss: Getting a table right awayDon't miss:This Lakewood gem.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2012,8/22/2012,19,15,3,12,7>I attended to the "Controlled Demonstration" opening last night, and I have to say I was impressed. I'm not really a casino-goer, but I am a big supporter of the city of Cleveland and it's great to see everything getting built up lately. With two whole floors of gaming and an upper level for poker and the Diamond Club Lounge, the old Higbee building is much more spacious than it may appear from the outside. The most popular games were craps, blackjack and roulette, but others were available for play as well. For the slot lovers, there are 2,100 of varying types scattered throughout the two main floors - some classic and some progressive. If poker is your thing, there are poker video slots, tables and the high-stakes games, in a fancy room of their own. Finally, for those extreme big spenders, there is the Diamond Club Lounge on the top floor, only open to Total Rewards members who've earned between 11,000 and 100,000 credits a year (100,000 credits made up from only video poker would equate to $1M).Even though only some of the tables were open and not all of the slots were working, we still had a good time. Most of the dealers were professional, fun and knowledgeable, while the rest of the staff was very friendly and helpful. Multiple employees asked if we had questions or needed direction, and someone was always readily available if we needed an explanation of a slot or how to order a drink from your game.If you're looking for a drink, there are multiple ways to get one! There is only one bar on each of the main levels, each tucked away into the side. Drink prices were very reasonable, although I doubt they'll stay this way. You can also order from floating servers, or even use the feature on each slot machine to request the drink of your choice (the servers actually prefer this, as they know exactly where to find you). Unfortunately, Ohio law prohibits providing complimentary drinks, so that may just be enough to help keep prices low.As far as food is concerned, there is an all-you-can-eat buffet on the bottom level (coming right in from Tower City) priced around $25, or a food court two levels above. The décor was nothing too fancy (just a food court), but the selection was great. The three restaurants included Corky & Lenny's (deli), Rosie & Rocco's ("fast Italian" by Rocco Whalen, owner of Fahrenheit in Tremont) and B-Spot Burgers (Cleveland's own Iron Chef, Michael Symon). I enjoyed a delicious marinated tomato salad from Rosie & Rocco's, and noticed they had a wide array of ready-made upscale pizzas available for purchase. The food court may be a great place to stop in for a quick bite, even if you don't gamble!Overall, good first run and a nice time had by all. Besides gambling, I imagine the casino will be a good place for the masses to mingle, drink and eat. Me, I'll be people watching and enjoying the sights :-)
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,8/21/2012,95,116,6,2,2>Love love love the food. Excellent salads, best Shepard's pie ever, sweet potato fires - to die for! Why not 5 stars? Two reasons: staff that discriminates against solitary female customers ( looks like you either have to be a man or to be with a man to get a booth by the window) and bathroom that has that awful saturated with carcinogens air of the busy highway. So bring a date and pee at the CVS pharmacy across the street prior to visit.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2012,8/20/2012,146,412,,5,3>Yay, I'm first to review!I was overall impressed with Barle Soup & Sandwich, a new shop that opened up on Mayfield and Lee. I'm happy that people are working hard to keep Rockefeller's brainchild alive. The space was very beautiful, decorated with middle eastern rugs and a lot of expensive cardboard art of Cleveland + other cities. I think the theme that they were going for was more vintage, grandfather clock-y type of feel. There's a lot of space inside for meeting with friends, and possibly working. There's even a Thomas the Tank Engine playstation for the kiddos.The best place is probably outside on the back patio, which faces a very well manicured mini garden. Sitting in the back reminds me of a really fancy Ivy League dorm, or a European patio. (Something about it also reminded me of Taiwan! Maybe the grids on the windows and more villa feel.) As for the food, my friend calls it "Panera but local." I say that it's Panera but local with less salt and better tasting food! I had an Indian soup with half a veggie sandwich. Yum. I'm going back for the barley soup though... I tried some of my friend's and that was definitely a winner.another pro: they put slices of pineapple and cantelope in the water! How nice.I'll be back at some point! Definitely a nice summertime lunch spot.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,8/19/2012,168,231,3,6,3>Friendly staff, ultra clean.  Excellent food, buffet is nice.  Store has all the best Filipino foodstuffs, even specialty ice-cream that's hard to find.  Most importantly, it's FRESH.  You can even order your lechon (whole pig) here and have it made for your parties.  Perfect pancit, adobo, menudo...Also they sell the awesome, ultra strong "my shaldan" air fresheners!  Everyone's favorite Christmas gift (next to Pocky!)Prices are good.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2012,8/18/2012,440,357,4,6,4>HECK YEAH!!!!!I came here a couple weeks ago and because of West Side Market, I'm now looking for a place to live in Ohio City just so I can come here every Saturday!!!If I had to rate West Side Market purely on the food itself, I would probably give it a 3.5 stores. None of the ready-to-eat foods were that good or memorable. But the reason West side market deserves 4.5 stars is because of its history and for the atmosphere and just the uniqueness of it all. I love the crowd that west side market attracts, I love the variety of produce, herbs, meats, and food it has, and I also love the vibe and atmosphere of this place. I'm never an early morning person so when I finally got to wake up early enough to get to West Side Market, I was amazed! There were so many buildings to go to and so many booths to look around. Here's all the stores I went to and my short reviews on them: PopCorn Store: pretty amazing since it has just about any flavors of popcorn you can think of. Hot Smoothie: not very good smoothies and wayyyy overpriced. The store was across the popcorn store. Tamale: loved that they were able to heat it up for me right there. It wasn't the best tamale ever but totally worth it for the price!Crepes: yum! this crepe store is so efficient and it has so many different types of crepe. The one complaint was that the crepe itself wasn't crunchy enough and not the best crepe i've ever had. Cannoli Desserts: There were like 6 booths with cannoli but we chose a random store and got 3 flavors of cannoli. First, it was overpriced and second the flavors wern't that great so blehhh. Also the Steve's Gyros store had a huge line. Honestly, i've had steve's gyros before and don't think it's the best store. But they do give you quite a bit of meat that it's pretty awesome.My boyfriend and I also bought a pack of spinach gnocchi. We recently cooked it and mehh i dont know.. flavors weren't there. I've been meaning to go back and buy some pasta though since I heard that's great there!One complaint... I wish there was a place in west side market where I can sit down and drink coffee and enjoy the foods. I wish they could build a second floor where I can just look down at the market and enjoy people watching too.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,8/17/2012,46,63,,4,5>Sushi is happiness for me. And Ginko makes it ecstasy. We stumbled in on a Thursday evening, serendipitously in time for happy hour. I started with a drink called the Umami, which was a sake, vodka and kumquat concoction that lived up to its name: sweet, sour salty, just a hint of bitter. It was so delicious that I had to have two. Ferrett had a ginger beer that he pronounced the most interesting beer he's had in ages. Then there was the sushi. Ferrett had tuna, crab and shrimp nigiri, all fresh and delicious. I had the house special, a panko-coated whitefish, and a salmon skin handroll. Everything was outstanding--some of the best I've had anywhere.If you are like me, and sushi makes your day brighter, take the walk down the stairs to this lovely little restaurant.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2012,8/16/2012,99,118,4,4,5>Diggity dog. This ain't your street corner hot dog pusher.  Here's what i ate. Muey el popular: red chile and chocolate mole sauce, Spanish onion, chunky peanut butter, nuske bacon.  Anyone who can pull off peanut butter on a hot dogs and can make it taste great with the other toppings is ivy league IMO.  Tater tots with five different sauces.  This place is so unique. Very diverse crowd, yes even you with your bathrobe or 3 piece suit can fit in here. Waitresses were all tattooed, all tastefully done so nice to see this difference that went along with the very great service. Bathrooms were not the tidiest.  But it's a bar, we're not at a fancy hotel.  You can hold it til you get to the lobby of the ritz.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,8/15/2012,88,296,6,3,5>This place is about as local convenience store as you can get.  When I lose my dog, they know who he is and always respond "No, I haven't seen him" (not their fault my dog is speedy).  They have awesome cheap beer.  They have nacho dip.  They're selling my neighbor's band's tshirts (JJ Grimm).  They have milk when I forget and am cooking something but don't feel like driving over to Dave's.  They always open on time and salt their sidewalks.  They smoke in there.  I've seen the main guy over at the other convenience store on W. 25th in his off hours (he must love conveniencing!).  They've waved quarters for me when I don't have change.  They never complain when I buy a pack of gum on a credit  card.  I mean...I could ramble on and on!  And on!  And on!  I don't know what I would do without this place.  They offer everything a good sturdy little convenience store should have but they're always pleasant and cool.Cheers, Abbey Market!  Cheers!
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2012,8/14/2012,364,514,10,7,5>My new favorite place. Finally, the perfect patio in the Cleve. The patio is large enough that you can usually get a seat but not adjacent to a dirty parking lot. The inside dining area is chill, funky, and a bit edgy. You don't feel like you are slumming it, but you also don't feel like you need a jacket in order to dine. Can we say 1st date spot? 2nd date spot? Fake date spot? Night out with your sisters? Olé!  I came twice in 24 hours. My only suggestion? A milder salsa with the chips. The second time I came I requested a milder salsa, which is the salsa verde. I'm not a wimp when it comes to spice, but the roja is crazy hot for dipping chips. Both trips my dining partners agreed. We couldn't stop ourselves from dipping but then we regretted it by drinking all our water and having to flag down a server for water refills. I don't think it would be too hot for me on a taco, but it is too much by itself. Perhaps management has already remedied the spicy salsa roja situation, but I'd ask your server when you first sit down on how hot the salsa served with chips will be. I had so much fun creating my taco from the menu that I kept my order slip and brought it with me for next time. Yes, I actually did this.And there are tons of gluten free options, señoritas! (You guys, I just spent 20 minutes looking up how to add a tilde! Congrats to Amy for doing it! Olé)
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,8/13/2012,129,81,3,5,2>I've come a long way from asking Michael Symon to take a picture of Guy Fieri and myself at a Cavs game years ago. Don't worry. I got looks of confusion and was asked why I didn't want him in the photo also... I have grown up and am much more in touch with my foodie side and will never make this mistake again.Lolita. I love you. Never do you disappoint. Stand me up. Or give me the cold shoulder. Warm. Inviting. Dreamy. Delectable. I could go on...I will. The Roasted Dates...Oh My!!! Fried Brussel Sprouts...Have you read any of the other reviews??? Amazeballz!!!!!Cauliflower Gratin. I don't care if it's even semi healthy since cauliflower is in the name. Try it. Thank me later.Crispy Local Potatoes+chili flake+orange zest...really...Soft Polenta+mascarpone and parmesan=melt in your mouth yum!Pork Chop was perfection.Mac & Cheese is also a fan fav. def in the winter.HH Lolita Burger. I feel like this is his signature burger. As it should be.I'll be back. (Arnold style) For drinks. For late night snacks. And for everything in between. xoxo
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,8/12/2012,82,187,4,5,3>I accidentally ate half of a large pizza with six toppings from here on Dyngus Day.  God, was it good.I like that they have a price for cheese pizza, and a price for toppings.  No matter how many.  That's the only food I've had from here but keep meaning to go back and try something else.  That chalkboard menu of specials always looks scrumptious.  I like to go with people that know things about bourbon or whisky and take sips of theirs.  I like their little alley way patio and really the overall feel of XYZ; especially the cute sign outside. I'm gonna go back, fo' sho.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,8/11/2012,118,61,3,4,5>Sergio, Sergio.  You really know how to woo a happy-hour-lovin' girl.AMBIANCE:Ebony trim interiors, lofty ceilings, soft candle lighting complemented by the glow of Cleveland's silver skies.  Swank in clean and simple lines--the bar: a sleek and modern nod to the tiki bars of pinup fame.  Live jazz band not 10 feet away yet unobtrusive, melting into the woodwork.  Lounge areas with small tables for a more intimate respite.  Saravá: seduction is thy name.DRANKS:Sergio's harbors a small but respectable selection of beers, wines, and Brazilian-style cocktails, poured on the heavy side.  (I'm looking at you, Copa Kiss & Mojito.)  But the Street Plates alone are worth an after-work quick dip into this luxe hideout.EATS:Had only 2 plates, including a respectably tasty and surprisingly light beef churasco, but the obvious showstopper was the P.E.I. mussels.  Plump mussels simmered in butter broth* you wish you had more than the already 4 large slices of golden-crusted garlic ciabatta toast to mop it up.  I was ready to tip the bowl for a shameless, slurplicious finish but settled for more subtle teaspooning.  Hey there, what's going on?  Oh, you know, just feeding myself like a ravenous baby bird with this teaspoon here like it's a nourishing stew and not butter mussel juice normal people leave in the bowl when they're done nibbling ugly balls of succulent meat scraped off of iridescent shells.  You know, the uge. (*reminiscent of Tremont Taphouse's mussel broth but understandably lighter, given TT's version includes beer, blue cheese and bacon)THE CATCH / VERDICT:None really.  The cushions in the mini lounge area could use new covers.  Service was pretty regular but could've been a bit more attentive.  And maybe they could make a mintier, limier, less rummy mojito.  And the $18 HH deal--2 apps and a drink--isn't exactly rock-bottom pricing.  But for HH in Cleveland, it doesn't get much better than Sergio's Saravá.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,8/10/2012,68,169,2,3,1>Ive been working downtown in the midtown sector for 3 years now and I just discovered Cleveland Courier.  I do not have a chance often times to leave the office so this type of service is perfect.  Prices are great ordering in a lunch for me and my coworkers and delivery is fast and friendly.  this is truly 5 star service
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,8/9/2012,42,186,1,5,4>After my wife rejected my suggestion to go get some escargot at L'Albatros, I was able to convince her to head over to Bac and try some of the tasty goodies on the menu. Our visit was entirely inspired by other Yelpers who claimed it was mind-blowingly amazing. When we first walked in I was a bit nervous because we were literally the only ones in the place. Even up until the time we left not a single other customer was sitting on the dining side of the restaurant. A few bodies had made their way up to the bar but not many. Now granted, it was 5:30 on a Thursday but still, I figured that that's dinner time and surely someone, anyone, would be there enjoying the best of Cleveland.Well, all I know is that the rest of Cleveland has no idea what they are missing. First of all, 5:30 is the perfect time to show up because it was happy hour and our appetizers cost hardly anything. We were expecting a fairly expensive bill that night but were pleasantly surprised when we left after having 2 appetizers and 2 entrees for less than $50.As far as the food goes, I was absolutely blown away! The crab cakes and bacon guac that we started off with were good (not the highlight of the meal but still yummy). Next we got the Kin Chi with pork and the Avacado Green Curry with chicken. Let's just say that my mouth is dribbling a bit just thinking about them right now. The curry was especially amazing - in fact, probably the best curry I've ever had and I've tried lots! The Kim Chi was also delectable although I do have to add the warning that the potato noodles they are served with are a bit odd (they taste good but the texture might be unnerving for some who aren't as brave as us).Overall, I think my wife and I have finally found a place in Cleveland that we can add to our list of favorite restaurants. Do yourself a favor and check Bac out!
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,8/7/2012,74,71,,5,5>Lunch here this past weekend was a fluke, but I can't tell you how glad I am it happened!  I'm a fan of Turkish/Mediterranean food and had never heard of this fab little restaurant before, but it's now definitely a place I won't forget.  The vibe is warm and cozy and the food is delicious!  My bf and I were both starving after a morning of running around, but I swear my love of the food wasn't because my stomach was screaming at me to feed it!  We both ordered a lunch sandwich, which was awesome (I esp. the yogurt sauce the comes with it) and we ordered that with a soup - chicken and mushroom for me, red lentil for him - and they were AMAZING!  I could have eaten an entire pot of the chicken soup - and I will tell you that it's not just your average run of the mill chicken soup.  It has such a great flavor and it's got a slight creaminess to it - I'm telling you you have to try it!For the sandwich, we both ordered the lamb adana sandwich.  The flavor is awesome, the pita is perfectly soft - my mouth and my stomach couldn't have been happier. For dessert, it was drinks.  Turkish beer for my beau and an adja for me - vodka, champagne and lavender syrup all shaken and served up.  Again, I was more than pleased with what I had ordered.The service is great (we didn't wait long for anything and our server was super friendly and helpful), and the energy is inviting.  If you like Turkish and Mediterranean food, then you absolutely have to dine here!
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,8/6/2012,92,94,2,4,3>Opened by the same owner as the Clifton Martini bar in Lakewood, Village Martini and Wine Bar is all class.It is the perfect spot for date night, girl's night, family dinner, or somewhere to get a drink after a long day. It is a great addition to Chagrin Falls. The hours are optimal and serve all with the kitchen being open until around 11 pm and the bar staying open late. While we're on the subject of food, WOW!! The food is amazing. I have tried the Scampi, Pizza, Piccatta, Goat Cheese Raviolis, Meat & Cheese Board, & Stuffed Mushrooms. I have yet to be disappointed. The food is elegant, tasteful, and massively satisfying. I would recommend trying ANYTHING on the menu. Not only is the food menu outstanding but the drink menu is as well. The drinks were , created by the owner Jeff, or he put his own twist on them. The wines were all hand selected by him. They are great. I had a Red Blend tonight and I wish I would have bought a bottle. The atmosphere, food, drinks, and company will keep me coming back!!
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2012,8/5/2012,56,103,3,6,2>In a gist: gosh darn good.El Rancho replaced the failing Yocono's much to the neighborhood's happiness. They did a fantastic job really sprucing up the landscaping (thank you) as well as the interior of this restaurant. It now looks like an asset to the area instead of a blight. It looks like someone actually gives a damn here, which I really like to see. I dropped by to pick up lunch to go earlier this week, my stomach has been acting up but I was desperately craving Mexican food. While I'm from Texas, I don't claim to be the best evaluator of Mexican food, but I do know that the best way to judge the overall quality of a place is by their tamales. If you can't do a simple food well, the rest of your food is probably going to be pretty bad. It's the Mexican equivalent of roast beef and mashed potatoes. If you can't get those right, I'm not letting you try to feed me anything else.Tamales were solid. The masa was clean and fresh tasting with a sturdy texture, the shredded pork was spicy and flavorful. They were topped with enchilada sauce and cheese, which I actually considered licking my plate. Whoever is in back clearly knows what they are doing in the kitchen. And I can appreciate that. Since then, I've also tried the chicken chimichanga. It was a touch too salty for my tastes (but most restaurant food is too salty), but the chicken was fantastic. Came with rice and beans, guac and sour cream. Definitely a filling lunch for under $6.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,8/4/2012,66,64,3,3,4>Nothing says summer like hot dogs, baseball, and beer. Now thanks to the Cleveland Indians I can participate in all three. I've been going to see the Indians since "Progressive Field" was "Jacob's Field". In fact, calling it Progressive Field is still hard to do. Anyways, I always enjoy the Indians because for Cleveland sports, it's not so much if the team is winning or losing, but the company you're with. Some highlights of why I love Progressive Field: 1) They now offer gluten free vegan options. The venue is called "Spuds and Suds" and it's located on the 3rd base side. The offer a vegan hotdog (which is not completely gluten free, as with all Tofurkey items), gluten free hotdogs, and gluten free beer (Redbridge). While there is only two venue in the park that offers these options, it's a right step in the right direction fellow gluten free baseball loving fans. Imagine, being able to eat a hotdog and drink a beer with baseball! 2) Misha dog and I just enjoyed Puppy Palooza. The Indians by far have been the best sporting event we have been too. Puppies get to participate in a parade during pregame down on the field (or the track around). What got Misha approval was unlike any other sporting event the event planners put down real grass for puppies to use on bathroom breaks. They also had "dog sitters" that would watch your dog if for any reason you had to leave the designated puppy area. Progressive Field is never very crowded. I heard the other day that despite being the leader in our league, our attendance records are the worst. Let's get out and support our boys Cleveland!
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2012,8/2/2012,67,157,,2,2>This place is not a place to go if you are visiting Cleveland.  It's not trendy.  It doesn't really feel that clean.  But it is awesome.  I love the Coffee Pot.  I love the homefries.  I love the bacon.  I love coming here to study or knowing that I'm not going to see anyone.  It's my favorite place to eat by myself.  Yah it's not even close to a five star spot but who cares.  It's small, comfortable and gets the job done.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,8/1/2012,25,50,2,5,3>In this whole wide world...this is my favorite place to go when I need a few minutes to myself -- a few moments to just walk and ponder. Regardless the season, the Chagrin Water Falls never lack in splendor. If you are seeking a fun afternoon, do come to check out the beautiful little shops and restaurants, enjoy the overall New England-esque architectural ambiance, and make sure to walk along the water, sit, and listen to the falls for a moment or three.Grade: A, as this is an American gem.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,7/31/2012,118,46,3,5,4>Jammy Buggers has quickly become one of my favorite places in Lakewood!!! The food has always been excellent ..as well as the selection ....and service. I find their entire menu appealing and it is hard to choose just one thing. They also have delicious desserts. The dining room and restrooms are always super clean and the atmosphere is nice. Fun to eat at the bar and hang out or going with family. Great prices and definitely extra special ingredients on most of the meals. Love this place!!
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,7/30/2012,45,149,2,6,4>This was so solid that I can pretty much guarantee I'll be back, which to me warrants a 4-star review. We went on father's day. It was really busy, and I was thrilled by the decor; really cozy but trendy, and swarming with chatty people, and mis-matched mugs and chairs. We sat in the yellow back room but I hope to sit in the front room that was lined with artwork next time. The food was good - not great - but REALLY reasonably priced and the service was pleasant (though it took them about a week to refill my coffee - a real pet peeve), and I loved the atmosphere and location. A solid brunch place and I will be back.Also: bacon chocolate pancakes. Nuff said. Also-also! The homefries are baller, and I don't even like homefries.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,7/29/2012,143,231,3,3,2>I randomly stumbled upon Big Fun and WOW, what a kick butt place. We spent a good hour + in here and still did not see it all. This store makes me nostalgic, longing for my childhood back of playing with polly pockets and cabbage patch dolls. Every corner you  turn or every drawer you open holds something new to be explored. I now forsee my stocking stuffers to be bought here and any other random/awesome gifts I need to buy from Big Fun.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,7/28/2012,107,133,2,6,2>I was pleasantly surprised by this place!So, it's actually very difficult to make a good pad thai, which makes it a good barometer for the quality of thai cuisine.  We've been to multiple thai places in the Cleveland area, and we've had pad thai that was too sweet, too mushy, too dry, as well as one that had an all-around off-taste.  Here, the pad thai is nice and moist with the right level of sweetness, maybe slightly runny, but altogether very well done.The charm fried rice tasted pretty decent too.  We were, however, a bit disappointed by the chive pancakes - they tasted thick and doughy.The whole place smells of incense, which bothered my girlfriend a bit.  But overall, I would rank this as one of the better thai places in the area.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,7/27/2012,45,258,5,11,4>Saw this pop up on my yelp page and decided I wanted to try it, even if it only had 5 reviews. There isn't much selection in indian food in this city, so I thought giving it a shot wouldn't hurt. And boy, it hurt in a good way. We got a side of the garlic naan to go with our dishes- lamb curry and chicken vindaloo. We went with medium spice for the curry and hot fotr the vindaloo- the burn starts off real slow, as if to trick you into thinking it's not that hot. But as you keep eating, the burn is more and more apparent- in a good way!The flavor and quality of the food are excellent. Wonderful and spicy, just what I needed. The garlic naan was fresh, soft, and garlickity-licious! Customer service was excellent as well. The staff were nothing but friendly and attentive. Only thing that was missing was an ice cold beer to accompany my meal, since they're working on getting their liquor license still. Great food, great service, and great prices too. I will definitely return!
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,7/26/2012,64,154,1,9,7>Good, reliable, trustworthy, and cheap mechanics are hard to find. Heck, finding a mechanic that just fits one of the aforementioned categories is hard to find! Well, hidden away on Scranton Road on the western edge of Tremont, there's a little shop that fits within all of the categories in spades.My wife has a 2003 Acura. Our check engine light went on, so we headed off to AutoZone to have them scan the codes and see what was up. Based on what was written in the owner's manual, we thought it may have been the transmission. I was afraid that the transmission needed to be replaced (ouch!) but since it had just been replaced in 2009, there was no way that was what was wrong. AutoZone said the spark plugs just needed to be replaced (whew!), and when we asked for a good local mechanic, they recommended Tu Casa. I didn't know what to expect, but when they checked out our car and told us that we could save money if we went and picked up the parts ourselves, I was sold. Many places will jack up the prices on parts to make a profit, and for them to suggest that we could save money by buying our own parts was a great sign of honesty in my opinion. A return trip to AutoZone saved us some cash, and an hour or so later, we had new plugs. They discovered that an ignition coil needed to be replaced too, so we told them we'd be back. When we asked for a labor quote on that, he told us that there'd be no charge since it only takes 5 minutes to replace, and it did.I'm beyond pleased with our experience here--the labor prices were reasonable, the service was fast, and best of all, I don't feel ripped off. I'm never excited about having to visit a mechanic, but at least I know that the next time I need car repair done, I'll be taking my car to a good place and I won't be getting fleeced.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2012,7/25/2012,10,42,,4,4>It has always been on my "To stop and check it out" list.  First impressions:  Parking lot, very clean, storefront was vibrant, a newer development.  We were greeted promptly, and shown to our seat.  The facility was very clean and inviting.  We were given a bountiful amount of hot fresh tortillas and salsa, which the waiter always kept full and/or asked if we wanted more.  I ordered the Tortilla soup to start, as with most Mexican restaurants, a lot can be determined by how the establishment prepares this.  It came out on a large platter, in the main bowl was the chicken, along with broth, in one side dish was hot (temperature) rice, and in another side bowl were the tortillas.  I thought this was cool because I can determine how much of what I would like in it.  I have never seen this done before, and I personally think it is a great idea!  I got a combination platter with the taco, tamale, and enchilada, all of them beef.  They were are prepared perfectly with presentation and taste.  Along with those came the re fried beans and rice.  The platter was just a perfect amount of food, not too much to the point where your sides were splitting when finishing it, and not too little to the point where you did not get your money's worth, it was perfect.  My buddy also got a combination platter, and enjoyed it, he also got a pina colada margarita, which he said was great, along with fried ice cream.  He did mention the fried ice cream was good, but nothing really out of this world.  All in all we had a great meal from start to finish.  The waiter was on the ball throughout the service.  There was one downfall, which is not the end of the world, but I was soooo looking forward to it on an 80 degree day and after running almost 3 miles at the gym, that is (drum roll) they do not have beer!!!!  They have margaritas and other frozen drinks, wine, and liquor, but no beer.  I found it odd that they would serve the hard stuff, but no beer... Really in the mood for a Dos Equis Amber.... must be the type of liquor license they have, hopefully they will work on that.  If you like Mexican, you will love Compadres in Painesville, Ohio.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,7/24/2012,86,287,4,5,2>I'm kind of embarrassed it took me this long to hit up this place. Coffee shops really aren't my bag -- don't get me wrong, I need coffee like a fat kid needs Arby's. But I really would rather putz around my apartment in my boxer shorts working at my own pace than be at the mercy of some other place's WiFi signal and also avoid getting hit in the nuts by someone's obnoxious kid (it happens more than you'd think). But I stumbled here one Saturday afternoon after a friend recommended their used LP selection. Another record shop on the West Side? Yes, please. Brother, they have WAY MORE than used LPs. Their new AND used CD and LP selection really is one of the tops in Cleveland. (I say that as primarily a somewhat-snobby indie rock fan.) But any place that has multiple Numero Group releases, Guided By Voices vinyl bootlegs, and a whole shelf dedicated to the Velvet Underground obviously has its finger on the pulse of what hipsters like me enjoy. If not for just coffee, I will definitely be back here spending more money than I should on vinyl.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,7/23/2012,6,40,,7,3>I live in Olmsted Falls and it has been an adventure trying to find a decent Chinese restaurant (went through 4 of them already) and found this one based off one review by Terry B here on yelp. I have to say, he is spot on. Had the Hot & Sour soup which was amazing minus a few too much tofu, but the flavor was amazing. The crab rangoon were crispy and flavorful with real crab taste. I had the General Tso Chicken, which could have been a little spicier, but had a good flavor. The egg rolls were huge and tasty as well.  The fried rice was very fresh (not sitting around for hours like other places) and didn't even need any soy sauce for flavor. I will definitely patronize LHK again and hopefully again and again and again. Thanks again Yelp for recommending some good stuff.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2011,7/22/2012,196,453,,4,3>I haven't been to the doctor's in years but I really enjoy the cleanliness and staff at this Cleveland Clinic location.  I've been bringing my 9 month old here since birth.  The nurses are wonderful.  Great job administering the shots.  Dr. Lock and Dr. Turner are great.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2012,7/21/2012,98,206,1,4,4>Damn good beer selection, best selection of craft beer in town. There's hundreds of different beers here. Only a small percentage are also sold as singles, but fortunately, the selections of singles rotates. Their selection of homebrewing supplies is nice. It's one of the better supply shops near Cleveland (although that's not saying very much). Although they didn't have a particular yeast I wanted [they had 10 others - liquid and dry], they said they'd order for me. I really like that they have longer hours [than Rozi's for example]. Overall, the prices are very fair on everything. Only a 10 minute drive from 271, if you're in the Cleveland area, especially on the east side, this is probably your stop if you're looking for craft brews. There's also a section devoted to wine although I haven't been through it.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2012,7/20/2012,59,67,4,4,3>my boyfriend and i recently visited VTR and had a couple drinks on the house thanks to the generous owner. we had wanted to visit for quite a while, but always felt nervous about our small pocket books and we are the types who generally opt for hot chocolate and netflix rather than a night out. :)we went for happy hour on a friday. i ordered a fizz drink and it was unlike anything i've had before - light, slightly sweet, definitely felt the alcohol in it but didn't feel like i was drinking anything heavy. there was a lot of bread and cheese offered up for free, however, we had just eaten some treats from the west side market otherwise we would have been all up on that. ;)the bartenders were friendly, the crowd was diverse, and the vibe was good. we're definitely going back for another happy hour (where the drinks are only $10 each) and hopefully one day we'll save up for an extravagant night out, sequins and all!
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,7/19/2012,17,30,2,2,3>Food - delicious.  They start you off, like all Mexican restaurants, with chips and salsa. They kept filling ours too, and the salsa was fresh and tasty.  To add to our appetizer, I got the guacamole and it was superb. You could taste the fresh, high quality avocados in it.  I also got the veggie chile relleno.  Best I've ever had (not that I've had that many). It came out hot and crispy, impressively portioned, served with a side of various pickled vegetables (if you like pickles, like I do, go here). The service was okay but was not that great. We didn't wait long for anything, but we were not blown away by our server.  She seemed kind of cold towards us, but she did the job. As far as the price goes, it's more than you would pay at Chi-Chis, but I feel it's worth it. You get higher quality food and large portions.  The beer list was great. Their tequila selection was awesome and helped to soothe my stomach from a rough night before. Lopez on Lee - you (almost) complete me.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,7/18/2012,38,63,3,2,4>I stopped in for lunch today and the place was surprisingly un-busy for lunch hour, but that made service extra-fast. Very friendly counter service, welcoming and willing to field questions about menu items.The sandwiches are pretty big and feature interesting toppings. More than your standard turkey or Italian sub. I ordered the Terminal, which consisted of ham, brie, apricot jam, spinach and mustard, all melted together as the sandwich is pressed (as are most of Cleveland Pickle's offerings). It was very tasty and I gobbled it right up, but the $8-$9 price point for just the sandwich is maybe a bit much for everyday lunch.Sandwiches are served with a wee plastic cup of three or four pickle chips. They are also tasty, but with a name like Cleveland Pickle you could pony up a few more pickles, if you ask me!Cleveland Pickle also serves breakfast sandwiches, which I haven't tried yet, but should be a welcome addition to the morning rush on Euclid Avenue.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,7/17/2012,30,393,,7,3>This is a no frills bagel shop at its finest.  There's no fancy cream cheese here.  Just some Philadelphia in the cooler that you have to get for yourself.  Want your bagel sliced?  Use a knife at home.  Want to pay with a credit card?  No dice.But if you want an excellent, fresh from the oven bagel, Bialy's is the place to go.  You'll also save a fortune on bagels.  My boyfriend and I each got a bagel and I got a cream cheese for a whopping $1.45.  Excellent deal and even better bagels.  Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area, have cash, and want an authentic bagel.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,7/16/2012,37,274,6,1,2>I'm sorry and I don't wanna jump on the GLB bandwagon but dang! SO GOOD!!!!!!! Everyone in our four top immensely enjoyed their lunch as we sat out on the patio...Our marketing director also chose to host the company- customer appreciation event at GLB too!!! That in itself will make GLB a fat load of change!...When simple is done right with enthusiasm people take note...Just sayin'...PS---I spent 60 cents on parking...I like to throw money around like that...YUM!!!!!
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,7/15/2012,30,204,,5,8>It was along Buckeye Road that the drama of my family's existence took place over decades. All of us are long gone from the neighborhood but our memories begin on Buckeye where my grandmother raised chickens, grew kohlrabi and dill, and had us all over for holidays. Lucy's is all that remains of the large Hungarian settlement that spread from Upper to Lower Buckeye. While Lucy was a fairly late comer to the area she remained when others closed. When I returned with my Hawaiian partner to Cleveland I brought him to Buckeye to show him my old neighborhood. Tears flowed uncontrollably as I saw only Lucy's and Balaton where once was a thriving village. Since then Lucy sold to the present owners. They use some of her recipes to keep Hungarians coming from all over. I drive there for the nut and poppy seed rolls which are to me what Challah is to a Jew or cornbread is to a Southerner. They are a part of my very being. The owners preserved something I hope continues to identify our city--the Hungarian bakery.  There is no place like this in LA , San Francisco, DC or NYC. Stop taking it on the chin from their residents because this time we set the standard of comparison. I was told yesterday by the owner that after years of robberies and violence Lucy will move onto Chagrin Road. I will gladly drive farther knowing these skilled bakers will be safe and attract many new customers.  It is a great tragedy that Cleveland leaders never realized the value of our many little ethnic villages. Tourists flock to ethnic neighborhoods in other cities that had the wisdom to preserve them.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,7/14/2012,162,287,6,8,7>This place is so adorable.They have 3 of the best things on earth: popcorn, ice cream, and coffee.I'm not able to comment on the popcorn (go figure, it's a freakin' popcorn shop!) because I didn't try any.But -- their coffee here is SUPERB. We got a cup and sat outside on their little sidewalk patio while consuming our Jeni's ice cream.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,7/13/2012,47,35,3,6,3>ok- honestly i haven't tried the full spread at Blackbird. I will soon enough... but I have an excuse! I LOVE THE RASPBERRY CROISSANTS! like, i would marry, live inside of, eat 50 in a row kind of love these things. flaky and buttery, and the perfect amount of filling. my mouth is watering as i write this.and to boot- their chocolate chip cookies are to die for. the best in town. they blow minds.anyway... see why i haven't ventured beyond the two items in this review? maybe ill update if i ever get past these two...
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,7/12/2012,117,10,3,7,4>I was running errands yesterday and ended up here accidentally.  I was looking for clothes for me, not my shop.  I have been knocking around vintage/thrift/consignment shops all of my adult life so I've got a feel for this kind of thing.  Very well thought out store!  Well edited, great selection.  And what do I find as I'm going through the racks, always on the lookout for the perfect white blouse to wear with jeans, not one but 3 Thomas Pink shirts!  If you don't know who Pink is, google him, I've got people in my store and can't get into detail.  $25 each.  I was backflipping.  Until I got into the dressing room and realized they were all too small.  I boohooed big but got back on that horse and kept digging.  I ended up with black denim trousers that fit like a glove. And a black cotton shirt.  I have a feeling this shop has treasures and I'll be back for my share.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,7/11/2012,55,71,,7,4>I've been a resident of North Eastern Ohio for basically me entire life, minus a few years spent in Chicago. I am an avid thrifter, consignment shopper and all around bargain hunter and I'm plus size. I usually pride myself on being on top of my game when it comes to knowing all of my options as far as stores that carry my size and are within an hour or so from me. That being said, Curvy Consigments has been around for +/- 3 YEARS and I had NO idea that it existed! None of my other plus sized bargain hunting friends were aware of it either, which was equally shocking to me. I was impressed with the incredible selection that Curvy Consignments had to offer in the 1x to 2x range. I was a bit underwhelmed at the 3x section and anything above a 3x was pretty much non-existent. Their website suggests that they have anything from a size 16 to a size 5x, but perhaps at the time there was no one in that size range with items consigned. I do wish they'd had more in the 3x range, but I saw on their Facebook  page that they were going to Columbus that weekend to pick up a bunch of items in the 3x size range, so perhaps they usually have more than what they had on the day that I was in? They had lots of Lane Bryant, Avenue, department store brands, Dress Barn, a few Torrid items and a few other brands that I didn't recognize. I didn't find any of the more "rare" or high end plus size brands that I've been lucky to find in similar stores in other parts of the country. Their prices were fair. Some items were a tad bit overpriced for what they were, but overall the pricing was not bad at all and seemed very fair. I will definitely be back!
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2011,7/10/2012,153,207,2,8,7>Take the hill down Columbus Road, towards the Cuyahoga River, across the rusted Depression-era lift bridge, adjacent to the Heart Crane Memorial Park, just East of Rivergate Park, on the corner of Columbus and Merwin and you will find Sainatos. A brick monolith surrounded by a sea of industry that used to be.  Sainatos has become home to many of us at the summer league rowing session at the nearby Western Reserve Rowing Association. It's a place where firefighters, local townsfolk, and rowers converge. A friendly bar staff, adequate beer selections, HDTV's to catch the Tribe game and a huge menu. Now, while I imagine the majority of reviewers are basing their experiences solely on the long standing take-out pizza place, a newly formed connected bar has joined Sainatos. Inside Saianato's doors and through another set of doors to the right takes you to the bar area. The food comes from the same long standing Sainatos take-out kitchen. I'm pretty sure both the bar and older kitchen area of Sainatos are one in the same, although the bar area looks much newer and more conducive for relaxing and staying for a while than the take-out side of this place. Either way, the food, especially the pizza and wings that come out of this place are legit! The pizza we ordered was a basic pepperoni and cheese. The pie was sinfully good. Greasy pepperoni slices, cheese that strung as you bit into it and a crust that was, as proclaimed by the bartender, entirely homemade, as evidenced on how good it was. No frozen discs of dough used here. Everything's made on site. After a long evening of water sport, there are fewer things that complete the night than a cold beer, a good pizza and crispy wings. Sainatos is one of the few gems on this barren, almost eeriely deserted industrial side of town that is sandwiched in between one of the many bends of the Cuyahoga River. A gem worth seeking out even.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/9/2012,7/9/2012,241,224,,8,3>Whoohoo - Open until 3am on Friday's and Saturday's, and serve beer!Fast Casual food in the Warehouse District just got a new friend in town, and it's not bad!  This venue, similar to the Chipotle/Qdoba that we know and love, has brought a fresh take to the burrito world.  They offer bowls, taco's, salads, and burritos with a healthier take on ingredients, including brown rice option! We were all very pleased with our meals, and portion size - whoa!  The bowls are hefty and can easily serve two meals.  But, why save half for after the bars - it's still open. Go get a fresh bowl w/ corn chips and share friends into the morning hours.  Two other exciting tidbits:      1) Homemade sweet potato chips - a weakness of mine     2) They are going to have an outdoor patio in the warmer months - going to be a great spot!
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2011,7/8/2012,28,60,,12,2>If you are planning an event or a wedding, this is where you need to go. Period. End of story, end of sentence, end of discussion.First and foremost, the firecracker of a woman that owns it is magnificent; a boisterous personality, mixed with an insane desire to do anything we wanted for our wedding made sure she was the florist for us. Our requests were minimal: Two large centerpiece flowers, five arrangements for my bride and her four bridesmaids, and four corsage for our mothers and grandparents, nine lapel for me and my four groomsmen as well as our grandparents and children. What we got exceeded our expectations, especially for the money we spent. The two gigantic (seriously, over two feet tall each) vase at the head of the churches stood another two feet above that, and two feet out in either direction of some of the most beautiful white and light green flowers (our colors were white, sage/peridot, depending on where you look at it and silver) you'd ever see. I couldn't even begin to guess how many flowers and plants are in these arrangements. And the bouquets? Packed with flowers. These aren't just seven flowers and some baby's breath around some green plants. Again, there's likely twenty different flowers packed into a tastefully done bouquet on the smaller side, and yet each girl was beaming -- BEAMING -- with joy while they stared at the bouquet they carried down the aisle.My favorite part though has to be that the arrangements are sitting on my dining room table as we speak. I've cooked dinners since and yet all I can smell are these flowers, which look exactly like the day we brought them home. No, my Yelp! friends, there will never be a time that I don't order flowers from Affordable Florals.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,7/7/2012,82,32,8,10,9>I'd been toting around my new, lipstick red, pebble leather purse (emblazoned with a Welsh coat of arms) for only a few hours, before I had to divulge to all my friends and admiring passersby that I got this little wrist-bauble from Deering Vintage (now located on W. 25th).  For a really great price, need I mention.I've been a Cindy Deering fan ever since her days at Suite Lorain. What a super-nice, down-to-earth lady with impeccable, fun taste!  And the offerings at Deering, while carefully selected, don't feel excessively edited--there's literally something for anyone. Take it from this long-time vintage lover, Deering Vintage is the best vintage clothing shop in Cleveland!
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,7/6/2012,11,27,,7,4>I have no idea how this place hasn't been reviewed before because it's incredible. It's in a tiny shopping plaza next to Subway and somehow people walk past it to go to there. If they only had a clue. There's not much to the place - just a beatup screen door on the front and one tiny little table inside. It's meant to be takeout and it's a deli setup.Anyway - the food is authentic Italian and you really need to try it. I get an Italian sub pretty much every time with this awesome olive spread on it. The bread is fresh-baked and honestly, that's what makes the sandwich. I mean fresh like you can eat a loaf of it with just a little oil and seasonings. They also have awesome pizza. It's just by the slice and sitting right out on the counter above where they have all their deli and side items. You won't be able to eat it all, but grab a slice or two there as well. It's a little heavier though. The dough is great and fluffy, but you seriously will be pretty close to full after one piece. While I'm not a picky eater at all, I'd say stick to the traditional pizza. Some of the weird stuff (broccoli, artichoke...etc.) sounds or look good, but I wasn't a fan. Reasonably priced place. If I get a sub, I'll probably grab two huge pieces of pizza for later too and it's under $10. It's a really, really unassuming place so when you see the Subway, you're there. But if you go into Subway and pass this place up (even if there's a line) you'll have no clue what you're missing.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,7/5/2012,78,264,6,6,5>Oh yeah! Love me some GVG! I can't believe I never knew about this place until a couple of months ago. Back in March I was having gyro withdrawals after eating at an AMAZING place in Florida (see Plaka review). If only I had known I had a place right in my backyard that was competitively delicious! Fast, fresh, amazing and cheap food. The owner and staff are all super friendly and they are open til at least 11 most nights. Altogether awesome place to take care of your gyro cravings. We've had the chicken gyro, American, and Greek gyros. All fantastic. They even have a decent selection of Greek imported foods and beers for takeout. It's going to be dangerous living within a half mile of this place now...must. resist. the. urge. to GVG! Oh what the hell....get you some!
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,7/4/2012,97,533,4,3,2>I work downtown. I have disposable income and a lunch hour. Since the most interesting thing in Tower City is the olive oil store, I often find myself wandering aimlessly through the streets of downtown looking for a clothing store to take my money, to no avail. And while I am a banker, I just don't think I'm uptight enough to shop at Brooks Brothers, nor do I appreciate the Chinese-made crap they insist on selling at Italian-made prices. So, I was really excited when DU moved in on E 4th. I paid a visit recently and was happy to see a sidewalk sale, from which I selected a cute dress at a deep discount. I was a little worried that the clothes would be too young for my thirty-something self, but inside, racks were filled with stylish things that grownups, not my pre-teen nieces, would be happy to wear. Along with the Made in the 216 label, lines like French Connection are featured. They also have a lot of unique home accessories and baby things. I'm happy to have this in my work neighborhood. I hope they're around for a long time.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,7/3/2012,69,192,2,3,1>I. love. bread.  This is both a gift and a curse.  A gift because some people can't eat bread and I feel lucky because I can.  A curse because I will literally stuff my face with  their rustic italian round loaf until I puke.  Thankfully, I have to go out of my way to get to On the Rise and therefore I do not spend all day eating delicious bread...or tarts...or cookies...or blondies...or brownies.   I seriously feel like a drug addict when I go to this place.  It's impossible to say no!
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,7/2/2012,68,481,2,3,4>Fellow Yelper, Shayna R. and I were wary of coming to Taza recently because we had planned on going for some happy hour drinks at Paladar. Unfortunately, we came when everyone else wanted some happy hour drinks at Paladar and we were absolutely famished. We stumbled (our bodies were shutting down at this point--we needed food!!) down to Taza and debated going in since we were in such a Latin mood, but noticed the $4 martini sign and decided to give it a shot. We ended up incredibly thankful that Taza advertised their Thursday special so well! What a crowded blessing in disguise our original plan became!Unfortunately, we got seated at the quiet, hidden "date table" and felt like they were trying to hide us from the other guests--were we that sad and hungry looking?! We ended up moving a table closer to the dining area and bar to feel more like part of the group. Our waiter, Tom (I think) was perfect! He explained the martinis to us and made sure we knew what the best-sellers were so we could make some educated decisions. I went with the Taza-tini and Shayna had the Mango-tini. Both were good, but mango won when we ordered our second round. The pita you get to start your meal is fabulous. Warm, fluffy and SO good. The dipping oil was good, too, though we didn't know what it was...I still enjoyed it!We shared the Lebanese Jibneh (cheese!!!) and it was probably the most delicious thing I've ever tasted. The pomegranate sauce was so good that I regretted letting Tom (seriously, I'm so sorry if that wasn't his name) take the plate; I wanted to soak the rest of it up with some bread. For an entree, we shared the Shawarma Fatteh. The shawarma was some of the best meat I've ever had--it melted in your mouth and was seasoned perfectly. We also got to hear and sit right next to the live music! So fun! And the decor was very pretty and didn't strike me as gaudy or tacky, though I really generally don't like the "garden" dining seating. The only complaint I have is that the entree was incredibly heavy. It was overloaded with chickpeas and pita chips and not as much meat, so we ended up super full and starchy, though that was an improvement upon our state when we arrived. I really hope they keep up the good food and service, because I *almost* feel ashamed of how quickly Taza won me over.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,7/1/2012,62,150,3,6,3>OMHH! Oh my holy heavens! I've been craving pupusas since I left the West Coast. And thanks to the yelpers, I found this lovely place.  Pupusas... If a tamale and a quesadilla had a baby, this would be it. This wonderful El Salvadorian delight will make your stomach so happy.   The Revuelta is chicharron, queso, and friol.  For those that don't understand Spanish, that's  basically  shredded pork, cheese and refried beans in a fresh handmade cornmeal tortilla.  To wash that down don't forget the platanos fritos, or fried plantains.  They are starchy, sweet and fantastic.  At $1.60 a pupusa and $2.00 for plantains you cant ask for better food for under $10. Spanish is the primary language, but h e no fear if your Spanish is weak or non-existent.  They hand you a slip of paper a all you have to do is know what you're ordering.  An after you've demolished 4 pupusas and plantains (at least I did) you pay them at the counter and they will show you the total.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2012,6/30/2012,18,15,19,8,5>This review is going to be full of a lot of animal metaphors, just so you know. My car broke down on me a few weeks ago. It was my first real car, and while I had been anticipating a break down for the past 4 years, it just kept going and going, so i guess like an old cat I had just assumed it was immortal. At least it died with honor, in a Walgreens parking lot near my house where I could walk home, and not like, in Cincinnati. It's still sitting in my driveway because I can't bear to flush it down the toilet.I work from home, so my situation wasn't urgent, but I was obviously going to need to start biking around, something my hipster friends have been encouraging me to do for a very long time. They are going to feel so f-ing righteous the first time I bike to Ohio City, and frankly, I hope I lose no weight at all because I don't want to give them the satisfaction. I dug out my bike from the garage, where it had been sitting for the last year, covered in spiderwebs and dust. It's a bike I got at a garage sale for forty bucks, and I was convinced it needed a new everything. I know nothing about bikes. I don't think I could even put air in my tires if I needed to. I am a bad bike owner. I instantly anthropomorphized the bike. I started thinking of it as a horse. I was like, sure I can probably figure out how to ride it and not make it hate me, but I'm not a horse vet. It should go to the horse vet and get checked out. Krissie, who is Alex the owner's girlfriend and my Dawson Creek watching partner, very kindly picked up my sick horse for me and took it over to Joy Machines (that's Dawson privileges, I don't think she'll do that for everyone, but I know she'll be thrilled I mentioned her in this review). I called them to follow up, and told Alex "Hey, do whatever needs to be done to make it healthy." Darlings, that is what rubes say. That is what you say to a mechanic knowing he is going to charge you for at least two things that aren't necessary. But Alex and Renato only have your best interests at heart. Alex said it would be done in a week, but finished it in three days, and I paid less than 100 for the whole thing. I mean, he could have charged me 300 and I would have had zero idea, I don't know how much horse parts cost. But they are honest and quick, and they really just want to see you and your horse riding happily along. They are fervent proponents of the bike cult.The horse is now named Thumper, and we went for our first street ride yesterday, by which I mean my sister and I rode around the neighborhood and she tried to teach me how to avoid cars, and I ended up quitting after an hour because I had the wrong shoes on and my crotch hurt. So, baby steps. But I found a shortcut to the bars through the cemetery, so we're on our way.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,6/29/2012,88,79,3,7,4>I'll admit to having never been to one of Theresa's yoga classes, but if they're anything close to showing the care, energy and strength that she puts into her massages, then they're likely to be awesome.This is a somewhat hard review to write, as Theresa was one of the first friends I made upon my return to Cleveland (almost two years ago now!). But I'm certain that I have the ability to write an un-biased review.That said, you'll be hard-pressed to find a more beautiful place to practice yoga, as she has opened up shop in the incredible 2000 sq ft loft above the Garage Bar, right on 25th Street. The yoga studio itself is amazing, as it has double-high ceilings and floor-to-ceiling windows, with views over the Flats and downtown Cleveland. Unreal. And plenty of space to spread out...the last thing you want in a steamy yoga session is cramped space. You'll have so much room here, you'll think you're stretching and reaching in an open field of barley.Or perhaps daffodils. Not sure what your dream field looks like. That said, there are a ton of different yoga classes. You'll be sure to find one that caters to what you want. Vision has three treatment rooms, for various procedures. They work as a sort of health-collective, with experts from all over the region lending service in disiplines from Kundalini Light Energization (TM) to Neuromuscular to CranioSacral Therapy. Theresa (and her team) gotz mad skillz.And just mild mannered massage? Well, Theresa is the best. No question. I'm a client. Tell her what the issues are, and she'll dig, touch and breathe them out. She even has shower facilities available. Going out to VTR later and don't think you can make it home to suburbia and get all the way back? No problem.Do yourselves a favor. Hit up Vision.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,6/28/2012,43,95,,5,3>This was seriously one of the best meals I've had in a loooonggg time!I was thoroughly impressed.  The atmosphere is sophisticated and romantic.  I love the bookshelves and the tables they place in between them for privacy.  The service was very professional and there was always someone there when you needed a refill or your plate cleared.  They also gave me a gigantic elcaire since it was my birthday and a photograph which was a little strange, but very nice.  I ordered the surf and turf.  Both were done perfectly.  We also had the voodoo shrimp for an appetizer.  YOu would think bacon wrapped anything would be delicious in itself, but add some curry and you have perfection.  Although this meal put a bit of a dent in the wallet, I believe it was well worth it.  I'll be visiting Don's again in the near future.  I also would suggest reservations.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,6/27/2012,63,147,,8,4>Now that I have found Barroco, I want to keep this gem of a place hidden from everyone else.  But then again that would not be fair to Barroco or to the rest of the yelp community.   I'm not one to easily give an eatery 5 star but Barroco deserves every single star from me. Barroco is a very unassuming of a place both from the outside and inside.  Tucked away on Madison avenue, you would miss it in a blink if you were not specifically looking for it.  They have converted, what seems like, the ground floor of a small house (that comes complete with a driveway to the back of the house for very select parking spots).  Inside the decor is pleasant with only about 2 dozen seating spots along with a few right at the counter opposite to the open kitchen.  The indoor decor is nothing to write home about although some of the pictures that adorn the walls are interesting mix of modern-abstract art.What makes Barroco such a gem of a place are its food and the friendliness of the kitchen as well as serving staff.  From the moment you walk in,  even if its busy you feel a sense of down-home, welcome-to-our-kitchen-in-which-we-proudly-serve-­some-special-food ambiance.  The serving staff are friendly and actually take an interest in you by chatting you up.   Despite the close quarters, Barroco creates a cozy atmosphere where they let their shining star - food, speak for themselves.My first visit (I'm sure it is a start of a trail of many visits) got me to try their AREPAS (grilled all-white corn tortilla) stuffed with a variety of meat/non-meat fixings.  One look at the first page of their menu easily lets you take your pick.  From the first bit to the last,  I could not put down my Chorizo Arepa ( with grilled onions, green peppers, and mozzarella), especially with couple squeeze of their chimichuri sauce in it.   The chorizo was moist and had a great kick to it.  The whole combination was an excellent combination of flavors.   The Chicken AREPAS was oh so delicious just as that of the previous one.  The AREPAS themselves alone could be a little on the dry side.  One important point to keep in mind - AREPAS are not meant to be eaten by themselves, they are always to be paired with fixings and sauces.   In the past I have found some eateries offering limp AREPAS that when paired with fixings simply fall apart.  Barroco  I feel,  has found the right recipe and right grilled preparation of the AREPAS that hold well when stuffed and provide a great combination of crunch and texture to the stuffing. We also tried the AREPA fries crunchy on the outside but potato french fries like softness on the inside.  When paired with the any of the 5 different sauces served on every table, where mouth watering.   We ended the meal with beautifully served Ice Cream served with Strawberry compote, in a ceramic ice-cream cone shaped bowl (cone).  I could not find this on their menu, however, it was a surprise as compliments of the house.   Barroco is a must go for enjoying some really tasty South American cuisine in a  casual atmosphere.  They have a BYOB policy,  pair their food with your favorite red wine or sangria, and you have a winning combination.  You don't feel rushed at Barroco but do be generous to the staff and other patrons in sharing the space, and if you happen to see me waiting for a seat, please be so kind and offer me a seat at your table.  I promise to be a great company.  :-)
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2011,6/26/2012,59,86,,5,2>My sister took me here on one of the rare weekend mornings that I was up in time for breakfast. We had just done a breast cancer walk, and I was starving.This location has been a million different restaurants over the years, so i wasn't aware that a diner had opened there. And man, was I surprised by the food.The menu has your usual breakfast foods available--pancakes, waffles, bacon, eggs, sausage--but the real gems are on the "south of the border" side of the menu. I ordered the breakfast burrito, and was presented with a gigantic burrito stuffed full of eggs, peppers, onions, cheese...the sauce on top of it was so good, i ended up asking for more. with a side of hash browns, there was no way I was going to finish the entire meal. I'm happy to say it was still just as good reheated the next day--this is important to me, because I rarely finish my meal.My only complaint is that they need more of a wait staff, because we were left hanging more than a few times for small things, such as refills. Other than that, the place is great.Keep in mind that they are only open from 6am-3pm. It's worth getting up a little early and chowing down!
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,6/25/2012,99,376,1,3,4>The Flying Fig is what food should be.  The world is a better place simply because I tried this place, located in Ohio City near the Great Lakes brewpub, West Side Market, and hundreds of thugs south of Lorain Ave.I'm sorry if I was a little more to the point that I normally am:  I am BUZZZZED now.  The cocktails served at this place is bar none.  They can be dangerous, though; they are strong and rather tasty.  They also have complimentary homemade chips at the bar they serve that are coated in salt and some other glorious seasonings.I ended up ordering a tender loin that was covered in carrots, radishes, jalapenos, yams, and tons of other things that don't belong on a tender loin - or so you'd think.  The price is rather high, but the quality of the ingredients and the skill with which they're cooked result in this place having some of the best tender loin in the city.  Their deep-friend green beans are divine, and I hate green beans with a passion.  Green beans, along with mushrooms, are the two foods that can repel me.  I can make an exception to that rule here.The porch in the front is intimate and allows customers to mingle and drink over...things, I guess.  Meanwhile, the way the interior is lit is simply romantic and awe-spiring.  I would absolutely go here on a date if I lived in Cleveland.If you are looking to go on a date, this is the place.  If you are looking to go out with friends, go here, then across the street to the Great Lakes brewpub to get drunk.  You'll be thanking me.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,6/24/2012,44,53,,5,1>I work a spit away from here, but live far off so I was excited to get to try the Moosehead.  Built in an old Firehouse, the Moosehead Hoof & Ladder has great atmosphere, great good, and great service. I read it can be busy on Friday nights, but we must have had good timing. We only waited 10 minutes for a table. We didn't mind the wait, it gave us a chance to look around at the firehouse memorabilia such as the hose tower and old photographs. There is lots of table seating and space around the bar, but I could see how it could get crowded and loud quickly. It seems to be a very popular destination. The server and hostess were friendly and attentive.  My husband ordered the gyro and I went on a limb (as I am not usually a fan of tomatoes and mushrooms) and ordered the Mozzarella Monster. Love that my sandwich came with chips and dip! The Mozzarella Monster was fried mozzarella, tomatoes, veggies, and pesto. Messy and good but it hit the spot. It was big sandwich but not obnoxious.  The menu has a lot to offer including quite a few vegetarian options. Many dishes could be substituted with veggies or portobello instead of chicken or beef. Nice. The salads on the back of the menu looked tantalizing but I didn't notice the back of the menu until after we ordered.  Note to self: Must try to the taco salad!My co-workers say the patio is lovely. It overlooks the Falls.  It had just rained when we got there and the patio was too slick for dining. Parking is sort of chore. There's not a lot of space. Overall we enjoyed our experience and are looking forward to going back to try more things on the menu.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,6/23/2012,167,334,,5,3>My man and I needed to re-fuel from our crazy day of shopping at the West Side Market and Trader Joe's.  Why not the Burntwood Tavern?  I've wanted to try this place for ages.  We were boisterously welcomed by who I eventually deduced was the Service Manager.  Our Bartender Mark was nice and not overly chatty; a welcomed change from the usual chit-chatty bartender.  I was excited to see some CO brews on tap and chose the Flying Dog Old Scratch.  Das Mann liked it so he had one too.  For lunch I chose the "Pick Two" and had a nice house salad and their California Chix Sandwich.  The chicken was perfectly prepared...nice and flavorful and not dry!  I loved the sprouts on the sandwich; not too many places in CLE have sprouts.  Only thing I would have added was a nice brown mustard, but hey...that's a personal thing.  Das Mann got a Reuben w/ the house fries.  While it wasn't true to the Reuben recipe...it was DELISH.  The fries weren't bad.  Burntwood offered a nice variety of side options.  I chose to try their sweet potato fries...I mean, how can I not try every place's sweet potato fries?  Eh....these weren't the best I've ever had, but overall everything else was pretty tasty.While we were driving to our destination the man was checkin' out the reviews on his fancy new iPhone from Yelp.  The overall consensus was that this place was great w/ good food, and reasonable prices.  I've got to say, I was impressed w/ the food, the prices....not so much?  They're not uber-reasonable; while not terribly overpriced, I didn't feel the price-point was fabulous.  (My selections was $10 about $2 higher than I think it was worth.)  When I asked our super bartender about whether or not I'd get a warm brownie if I ordered a mimosa he gave me a confused look.  Apparently the man read a review on Yelp that said some chick got a warm brownie w/ her mimosa.  Looking back at the reviews now, I don't see this.  I have no idea what the man was reading or if he was just makin' crap up, but regardless the bartender calls the "Host / Manager" over.  I tell him my question and he says I can have a warm brownie if I want, but no, they don't come w/ a mimosa.  As we're getting ready to walk out the door, low and behold...the dude walks over w/ a warm brownie and two spoons!  You're kidding, right!? :)   The brownie was HOT and gooey, and so so yummy!!!!  And, yeah, I'm sold.  (Read: Give a girl chocolate and you've got her business for life)So here's the verdict:Atmosphere: Good, could be super cozy w/ the fire goingService: Rocking....thank you for having good serviceFood:  Good, fast, and while slightly more expensive for certain items, the taste was worth itI'd recommend it.  Check the Burntwood out...I don't think you'll be sorry.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2012,6/22/2012,13,43,2,4,3>I'd officially like to give The Rail 4.5 stars, but that's not an option.  I very much enjoy the food here.  Since they opened, I've gone here about once a month with my "work wife" and we used to get our own burger, and then split an order of the truffle fries.Now, we each get our own order of truffle fries.  TRY THE TRUFFLE FRIES!  I've never experienced any problems with my burgers being over or under-done.  The servers here have always been very friendly and fast.The only thing I'd have to deduct a star (or half star) for is the seating arrangements, as many others have mentioned.  I haven't been in since they got new bar stools, so I can't speak to that.  However, I agree that the "community table" is weird and has got to go.  I would not want to sit that close to people I don't know.  And the seats at that table are barstool-ish, with nowhere to hang your coat or purse.  As long as I can continue to get seated at a normal table and the food continues to be good, I will be back again and again.  With Metro Burger closing (*tear*) this is pretty much it for sit-down burger joints in Summit County!
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,6/21/2012,89,182,7,3,2>Wi,wi, monfrier!Well 1st lets start out with the bad part of this dinning experience.  That would be the female I took here.  She felt out of place because she was wearing blue jeans.  Then she took her gum out of her mouth and put it on the bread plate and ordered a glass of sweet champagne. Then was making weird comments about the people eating next to us whom she thought were looking funny at her.  This girl was class all the way.  WTF!  Next- the food. It was pretty good. My dish was 4.5 stars.  The gum girl ordered the BRAISED LEG OF LAMB. I had advised her maybe not the best choice. She got it anyway.  It kind of tasted like pot roast.  Very Meh!Next Guy that brought Gum Girl(that would be me) I ordered the Skate Wing.  That is something that you do not see in the Clev very often! It was very good.  Very mild sauce that let the freshness of the fish stand out.  The zucchini layered with cheese was the perfect side.  Low in starch and very tasty. I gave her some of mine as she was still hungry!Gum Girl who likes to complain that she eats too much and needs to go on a diet proceeds to order desert. Well this was a good call. The flan was incredible.  Having lived in Merida, Mexico I have been spoiled with great flan. This was exceptional.  The homemade whipped cream was divine!Well,  L'Albatros I will be back.  I really want to try your burger but with so many other choices that one may have to wait.  But don't worry I  certainly will not bring gum girl back.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,6/20/2012,72,198,1,7,6>I had another wonderful meal last night at Superior Pho! The combination meal #10 (banh mi and a large order of pho) was so satisfyingly amazing. I didn't realize how LARGE their large pho was! There's no way I could finish it in one sitting. Especially since I had the best banh mi sandwich in CLE served along with it! I'm so happy that CLE has this good of a pho restaurant to call it's own. Superior Pho is one of the few places that I don't mind driving across town to enjoy!
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,6/19/2012,150,222,2,3,4>There isn't a whole heck of a lot here that hasn't been said on Mi Pueblo. It is by far the best Mexican Restaurant in Cleveland hands down, without a question. The only way you can get more authentic is to stalk one of the cooks or servers and get invited over to dinner at their house on a Sunday or something. Though I don't recommend that option I am convinced it is the only way you are going to get Mexican food this good. I always question myself when I go elsewhere because it seriously is right off 90 and W. 117th. (AKA the famous Cleveland 20 minutes from anywhere rule). Spacious, Mexican music blaring, open kitchen, daily specials, decent prices and large portions. The bar? Not the best but it has beer and tequila, what more do you need? I don't come here to drink. I come here to feast and I come as often as possible. I loved the little market that was attached but it reopened in a large spacious area over on Lakewood Heights Blvd. The one thing I do miss is picking up a random Mexican CD based on the outfits or hats the band was wearing on the cover at the store. A game I would play often as I don't know much of anything about the music other than I have yet to be disappointed. Breakfast, lunch or dinner, I have eaten every meal here at one point or another. I found it by mistake one day like 20 years ago and have come back multiple times. It's not in a bad area, get over yourself. You are not going to get jacked there. It is amazing, affordable, authentic Mexican food with fast, and friendly service.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,6/18/2012,128,94,2,6,3>Momocho was delish! But there was o h.  s o.  m u c h. FOOD!I had been meaning to try Momocho for the looooongest time and was finally able to make a trip to the hip Ohio City location, at last, for a bestie's bday celebración (had to throw in a lil' Spanish flare, lol).I can't say much for parking (the girls got dropped off at the door), but I did see a lot right next door to the building, which is where the boys parked and we could see our vehicle from the upstairs window (yay for those of you who are paranoid about break-ins!).When I walked in, I was at first transported back to a time when this location had once been "Fulton Bar & Grill" - it looked sorta the same, with the exception of a really sweet Mexican wrestler somewhat voodoo-y looking theme going on. The place is dimly lit (loves me some mood lighting) with a good vibe and ambiance. I could definitely see this being a great place for a group soiree and/or an intimate locale for a private one on one date with your sweetie. Word to the wise: Make early reservations, lets say at least a week ahead of time (or a couple of days if you're feeling lucky) - they fill up quick and from what I was told, they make their reservations based on a two hour dining experience.After reading review after review on Yelp touting the amaaaaazing margaritas, I immediately ordered up a trio sampler; Blood Orange, Pineapple, and Ginger Fruit Punch. Each was delish, like a little slice of margarita heaven. Two more full size margaritas followed - a Pineapple and a Ginger Fruit, so I had a nice buzz going on. Our waitress, who was absolutely fab and helpful, even brought us a sample of the Spicy Mango margarita because we were too afraid to try it. It was equally as amazing as my other choices - it was very sweet at first and then tempered down to a slight heat after a few seconds. It will be one of my selections on the next trip. I have to note that I saw everyone says the Cucumber margarita is delish, and one of my dining mates sipped one down and agreed, but I just can't get behind the cool cucumber taste in a drink, I guess I'm just weird.As we moved on to dinner selections, I'll admit I felt like an idiot when trying to decipher what exactly was being offered on the menu - even after four years of Spanish in high school, I was lost when trying to determine what I thought "bocaditas," "cazuela-style," and "antojitos" meant - but I made it through and managed to order some amazing culinary cuisine. We started off with some traditional guacamole served with housemade corn tortilla chips - divine! My comida (food) of choice was the Pibil (braised pork with annatto seed and banana leaf, served with delicious honey-chile chipotle mojo). This entree is served "cazuela-style" with warm corn tortillas and salsa verde on the side. The boy toy ordered the pork chop (which is served with oaxacan red chile and chocolate mole with a side of smoked gouda tamale dumplings). We both were very pleased.By the time dessert came around, I was crazy full but decided to try to squeeze down some fried ice cream (who can resist cornflake and peanut coating?!). Our table was also lucky enough to try the capirotada (which is gingersnap and jalapeno bread pudding served with burnt sugar and whipped cream). I know you think - jalapeno in bread pudding? Weird. But no, it was an intriguing taste combination. I also indulged in some Mexican coffee, spiced with cinnamon and brown sugar - it was heavenly even without any cream.Definitely a fan of Momocho and will return. Oh! Forgot to mention a bit of important notes - bathrooms (there's two) both single stall and both on the first floor, weren't dirty during my visit, so kudos Momocho. And if you're unable to get up stairs - make sure you let them know when you make your reservation - there's a good number of steep stairs to get up to the second level, so it might be hard with a pair of 5 inch stilettos on. ;)
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,6/17/2012,178,155,1,8,8>Great little custom cake shop in Chagrin Falls.I tried a lemon cake with lemon curd cream cheese mousse and vanilla bean buttercream frosting. OUT OF THIS WORLD! The filling was super tart yet not overbearing. It complemented the rest of the flavors perfectly. I would definitely recommend this cake.Pastry Chef, Kimberly Portman, is super sweet (almost as sweet as her cakes). She will help you create a delicious cake for your special occasion. There are also ready-made cakes for sale in the store.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2012,6/16/2012,48,81,,4,2>Located near the Portage Lakes, this restaurant used to only be a tea room serving many varieties of tea and sandwiches. While their menu has expanded to serve some Chinese and Vietnamese cuisine, their decor hasn't changed.  I was enticed into visiting them by a Living Social deal and my experience was quite enjoyable.I ordered a Large Beef Pho with beef, meatballs and tendon.  It was served with vegetables (bean sprouts, peppers, basil, lettuce) on the side and a large assortment of condiments (hoisin, siracha, chili oil, chili powder, fried shallots and fried garlic). The broth was tasty and the portion was generous.Our server was very friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. He brought me everything I needed/asked for quickly and kept my water glass topped up throughout my meal.They have daily specials written on the board at the entrance.  I will certainly go back again for the pho and perhaps something else if I'm feeling adventurous.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2012,6/15/2012,104,314,2,2,3>I was asked out to lunch with co-workers today, so I said, 'Where are we going?'  I was told, 'Bowl of Pho'.  I was like, 'Is that a food truck?' and they were like, 'No!'  And off we went.  Upon arrival, we were quickly seated and water was poured for the five of us.  We each ordered Pho, but I was eying that stir fry #42.  I ordered #23, which was chicken Pho.  After a short while, two bowls of Pho arrived at our table and luckily, one was mine.  Then a few minutes later, three more bowls arrived and we were digging in to the soup.Along with the Pho, they gave us two plates of vegetables, which included jalapenos, FRESH basil, limes, bean sprouts, and two sauces.  You can put these in your Pho, if you like.  We all put some veggies in the Pho and it was pretty good.  This was the first time I've had Pho, so I didn't know what to expect.  The bowl was actually huge and the price was $9.95.  It was definitely worth the price based on the quantity of noodles and soup that you get, but the flavor didn't knock my socks off. I think I'll try the stir fry next time.I do recommend this place, however, and the service was good.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,6/14/2012,271,526,5,6,5>Thai Kitchen With a Few Tables In It, is probably the best name for the joint. I've been saying it for about a decade: I want Thai food that someone's Thai grandma would make if they didn't know if it was for a white girl that they may think couldn't handle the awesomeitude that is Thai spice. Done. I mean, they knew I was white but they didn't spare the spice or the love.I rolled in to order take out about 15 minutes before closing like a jerk, right as they were beginning to break down. No attitude, just wondering what I wanted. I ordered my litmus test: Panang with tofu (the ONLY time I eat tofu, ever) medium spicy. She narrowed her eyes, looked at me and asked on a scale of 1-10 spice so I thought I'd play it safe for now and say 6. Well friends, if that was 6 I don't want to know what 9 may be. The spring rolls were packed with fresh basil, big ol shrimps, cilantro and lots of lettuce and were great counterpoint to the spices.That said, it was DELICIOUS. It's a tiny operation so you're in for the real family atmosphere but it's cool. Just sit back and relax, order your stuff a little under what you'd consider too spicy for your palate and enjoy. Thai Kitchen: thus furthering my hypothesis that the best ethnic foods are found in dives and strip malls.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2012,6/12/2012,19,287,,4,2>Pleasantly surprised by the quality of the dim sum served at Li Wah.  Stand out dishes were all the dumplings. Pork and shrimp were my favorite. The shrimp or beef wrapped in rice noodle was also quite good.  These dishes weren't dripping in grease, a major plus in my book.  Sticky rice, pork buns are all pretty standard and good.  This place is pretty cheap. About $10-20 a person depending on the size of your appetite.  The variety and number of carts is lacking given the size of the restaurant, but at least it gives you plenty of time to chat and build up your appetite in between dishes.  I also wish that the dishes came out hotter.  They all seemed more or less luke warm. That's okay though, I'm just glad there is a decent place in Cleveland to get my dim sum fix.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,6/11/2012,83,117,,4,2>This was a very nice find in Lakewood.We randomly decided to try this place out one afternoon. This place is the definition of a gastropub - there's a nice bar atmosphere, but the food is more than your usual burger and fries.All of their small tapas dishes are worth a try, the quail is especially nice. For main dish, I got the Amish chicken and waffles and thought it was delicious. During the week, they have specials every night (not uncommon in the Cleveland area) and they have a nice selection on tap.The only downside I can think of is that the price is comparable to more of a nicer place versus a bar.Try it out if you're in the area!
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,6/10/2012,120,53,,6,2>Gosh do I love this place! If you are looking for some awesome fresh produce or some pretty tasty deli-style meat and cheese the Vermilion Farm Market is the place to go!I'll admit, from the outside the Vermilion Farm Market doesn't look all that exciting. It doesn't even look all that great when you open the doors and walk inside. That being said, the Farm Market is always my #1 choice when I need some lunch meat, affordable fresh fruits and vegetables or some chicken or steak for the grill. In addition to all of that, they also have a nice selection of bulk candy, Amish chocolates, dried fruits and veggies and a decent sized wine collection. As a gluten-free shopper I find their selection to be well-suited for those on Gluten-Free Diets as well. While they may not have an enormous selection of GF goods, for the size of the store they are well stocked. They have a nice selection of marinades, Bob's Red Mill Baking mixes,  a few frozen meals, lunchmeat and rice crackers. All of their GF products are well marked and easy to spot. If you are looking for a new place to shop because you are tired of the chain stores then I highly suggest you take a drive out to the far west side and give the Vermilion Farm Market a try! The market is located about 45 minutes west of Cleveland, Ohio and on the way to Cedar Point in Sandusky. If you want to pack a picnic for your family to eat while at the amusement park than why not stop by to purchase your food on the way? They have small coolers available for purchase and bags of ice as well.  What are you waiting for? Take a drive out to the Vermilion Farm Market and you will be in love!!!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,6/9/2012,95,51,,3,2>Even though I'm about as Irish as you can get, I don't even eat corned beef on St. Patty's day. Since it's the specialty here, however, I couldn't really not get corned beef. So I ordered it and my entire view on corned beef has been reversed!First of all the sandwich is HUGE I ate half, but I was actually full before I even finished that half. I bagged up the other half to take home to my dad because he called me in the middle of lunch and was so jealous that I was eating here!The restaurant itself is pretty small but you don't have to sit at a table and be waited on. There's also a line where you can get served cafeteria-style as well if you don't want to wait for a table. I sat at a table during this visit and I enjoyed looking around at all the Cleveland memorabilia on the walls.I will for sure go back, but I'll probably just go through the line and get my food to go because the wait for a table was kinda long (obv because this place is a Cleveland classic).
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2011,6/8/2012,97,170,3,5,4>I'd have to say the best authentic food around the Coventry area for sushi and Malaysian food. The ingredients are fresh and you can actually taste it. I came here with a couple of friends before and haven't really written a review  until I went back recently and tried their Prawn Mee soup. This was hella (excuse my North Cal slang) excellent. Even though it didn't come with prawns as the picture but it had the prawn taste to it. Plenty of shrimp and noodles, this hit the spot especially on a rainy day like yesterday. I came here with a friend and we also ordered their spider roll and it was plenty (they pack their food big here). My friend ordered their beef noodle stir fry which tasted great as well. Like other places I've tried, this was the best. The noodles weren't soggy and there was plenty of food for just the 2 of us. The wait staff was friendly and attentive. The place was getting busy around dinner service around 6-8pm and I'm not sure what their hours are on Sunday but if a place still gets busy around 8, they are doing something right. The only downside of this is that parking is metered so make sure you bring plenty of quarters!
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,6/7/2012,33,55,,6,2>East Siders rejoice; Honey Hut has finally crossed I-77 and arrived in our neck of the woods!The ice cream is fantastically rich and, considering the prices at places like Jeni's and Ben and Jerry's, impossibly cheap. It's the best ice cream in Northeast Ohio or anywhere else, and it's finally here on the East Side!Because Honey Hut was always a 20 minute drive, I only partook in the same two flavors to avoid the prospect of disappointment. The honey pecan and the chocolate pecan flavors were my go-tos, as they're the ideal combinations of sweet and salty delciousness. I hear the seasonal pumpkin is excellent, and that the coconut is tremendous so, now that Honey Hut is closer, the possibility of branching out has increased significantly.As I'm writing this, Honey Hut's only open from 12 PM to 6 PM in its opening week. Starting this weekend, March 31, 2012 I think, it'll begin its regular hours of 11 AM to 10 PM.Stop by and see what the West Side's been enjoying exclusively for years. You'll be an addict from the first bite!
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2011,6/6/2012,4,61,2,3,1>I was pretty excited when this place opened and they did not disappoint.  I've only been here a few times but the cupcakes and brownies are stellar.  A bit more expensive than Whole Foods down the street BUT I'll give a bit more money to a local place.  Plus, the cupcakes and brownies I've had from here are way better than anything Whole Food churns out.  They also do birthday cakes, I'm stoked to get a cake from them for my next birthday.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2011,6/5/2012,31,136,1,5,2>I have a rescue dog that has some issues.  Ok- he's got a lot of issues.  Also- I'll admit that I'm probably a little indulgent when it comes to him because of his previous situation.  The folks at Inn the Doghouse have been fabulous in their attention to his special quirks and behavior patterns.  I LOVE that.  He's a smaller guy (though he's more interested in playing with bigger dogs) so it was nice to see that they have an area dedicated to smaller dogs.  I like their policy of dogs having a trial day before being able to stay, too.  I felt like it gave me a chance to see if they were a fit as well as them a chance to evaluate my dog and his integration.  When I dropped off my little guy (with nerves similar to those I imagine parents have on their children's first day of preschool) they offered a tour of the facilities.  We're going to be using their services for grooming and boarding (although I'm thinking maybe the day care might be good now and then, too) so I was glad to see how everything is set up for that.  It really calmed my nerves.My dog has never boarded before and he'll be doing that for a weekend coming up and I like that he'll be able to have his bed and toys from home and his bowl in his own space.  The areas that dogs are kept overnight really are good sized and I feel better about leaving him somewhere that he'll be able to move around and stretch and play.  I was super nervous to leave him for his trial since he'd never been to day care or been boarded and had only been groomed at the same time as my mother's dogs... It was nice to check the webcam and see him wagging his tail.  Hopefully he'll have a positive experience during his first time boarding ever (before moving to Ohio he stayed with a friend or my mother when I had to go out of town) and I'm far less nervous about that with Inn the Doghouse.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,6/4/2012,70,153,2,3,3>Mind officially blown.Before Saffron, I wasn't really into Indian cuisine, nor have I been exposed to it more than once or twice in my life. I've had this place mentally bookmarked for a long time as something new and daring to try, and after putting it off several times to try other, "safer" restaurants, I finally forced myself to go. All it made me do is wonder why I waited so long.I went for the Sunday lunch buffet. The decor was very welcoming with clean tables, burgundy walls, and very large windows letting the sun light up the dining area. They let us sit wherever we wanted, and we were immediately given the green light to head to the buffet table.  The next hour or so was pure bliss. I had so many reservations about an Indian buffet (Is it clean? Fresh? Is it going to be meaty enough? Is there enough variety?), and after my first plate, they were all answered with a resounding "YES." I wish I could remember all of the dishes, but the ones that stood out to me were the chicken curry, another chicken dish (karahi?), alu vindaloo, malai kofta, and the samosas with red sauce. I have no idea if the sauce was intended for the samosa, but I tried it after seeing a regular do it, and it improved tenfold. The green chutney was also good--it tasted just like pico de gallo.I wasn't as impressed with the tandoori chicken or saffron rice, both of which were dry and tough. I opted for the endless naan in place of the rice, and they were cooked to warm, doughy perfection. Last thing to note is that everything was mild, spice-wise, which can be good or bad depending on personal preference. I would have liked a little more of a kick, but nothing to make me break a sweat.Since Sunday, I've been craving and yearning to go back every single day this week. 4.5 stars rounded up for Saffron Patch.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2011,6/3/2012,263,228,4,12,7>bacon, sour cream- the heart of lugan cuisine well, that explains it. You can't beat the Thus/Friday $5 dinner special. Just go early, as they wind down pretty early in the evening. Awesome home made potato pancakes, and/or "koldunai" -which are tasty Lithuanian dumplings, and some other choices for five bucks. Deal! Seriously though, the "Koldunai" rock. And you can get the vegetarian version that is stuffed with mushrooms or blueberries, but if you do, make sure to ask for them to leave the bacon off. The Sunday brunch is a Lithuanian potato-fest. Yup. We lugans take our potatoes as seriously as the Irish. And we cover every conceivable type of potato goodness with gobs of sour cream and a few pounds of chopped up bacon. On occasion, a sprig of dill is added to "lighten", and give it a splash of color. Back to the brunch. Potato pancakes, potato sausage, potato dumplings, along with seasonal soups, variations of pickled herring, and the traditional pig foot jello. Yup. I said it, and I eat it too. Pig foot jello. Were big on beets too.... Anyway, the Dining Room is open Thursday, Friday from 5-8 and Sundays from 11:30-1:30 for Lithuanian Brunch. Carry on.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,6/2/2012,24,28,1,2,2>FINALLY, a good chili place in Cleveland!I was torn between the Texas Beef and the Hot Pork for a while but after a few more tries of each I'm stuck on the Hot Pork--so good! Perfect amount of spice and seasoning, won't burn your mouth but will give you a little bit of that tingle.Not the biggest fan of the cornbread but the chips and beans are my go to sides. Glad to see another great lunch spot near my place of employment--keep up the good work guys!
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,6/1/2012,17,54,,7,1>The first time I went to Chuppas, I got a warm welcome from Mr. Chuppa himself.  He's very personable and quite charming. The market is family owned and operated. They support the local community by selling local products and bake goods. Their produce and meats are top notch and reasonably priced. House made hot food are all good, and I've tried nearly all of them. You can also sample the soups before making a choice :) Also, everyone working at Chuppas, is always super friendly and attentive= happy shoppers. I stinking love this place. And I'm definitely here more often then I like to admit.My staples items from chuppa-- fresh baked Italian loaf, sliced when purchased and still steaming, housemade yogurt and fruit parfait.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2011,5/31/2012,55,83,4,4,3>Rodney W. turned me on.  No, not like that.  His Yelp review made me stop at a gas station for a sandwich.  Without him, I wouldn't have done that.  I would be missing out. So thank you Rodney & Thank you Yelp. I've now been here about a dozen times.  Their selection, pricing, and quality of food keeps me coming back.  It's about time I bang out my own review:So far, I have enjoyed their Gyro, Italian sub, Eggplant Parmesan sub, Yorktown burger, and their onion rings.  All 12" regular subs are $3.99 - blows Subway away in price and quality. My favorites are the Gyro and the Hot Italian sub, both at $3.99I have not got around to trying their chicken but I hear it's cluckin' good!Menu uploaded in photos. Enjoy!
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2011,5/30/2012,53,187,3,1,1>You know when everyone is talking about something so you have to do it and it's just so-so. I hate that. Well, luckily this was not one of those times. I met a girlfriend at the much hyped Lola for a business woman's lunch. And we ordered the business woman's special*, which happened to be the tuna nicoise tartine. I was expecting something like at Tartine in Rocky River, but turns out a tartine is an open face sandwich. Who knew? Hope Tartine RR doesn't fine out and have to change it's name. ANYWAY... It was amazing. It had this great little potato salad and all the ingredients were so fresh and light. I literally ate every bite on the plate and would've licked it if I wasn't being all businessy. The waitress was extremely friendly and I kept thinking she was going to sit down at our table and have a bite. She also made a great white wine recommendation, which I am very hard to please on.*There is no business woman's special, but if you've ever seen Romy and Michelle's High School Reunion, you'll get the reference.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2012,5/29/2012,140,180,6,7,8>I have dreams about this place-- in Polish.The stuffed cabbage is the best I've ever tasted. (Sorry mamuszka.)  He does what the home cook just can't do-- bakes the fat little things for days, covering them with layers of cabbage and sauce, so they become tender, juicy, perfectly spiced.The cabbage and kielbasa side dish is really great as well.  What?  Don't like cabbage?  How sad for you and your digestive tract.  They also have insanely perfect soup, chicken paprikash, daily specials and the ubiquitous Lenten fish fry.The owner is the nicest guy ever.  The others who work there are really nice and dedicated as well.  This is the kind of locally owned, mom and pop restaurant that you want to patronize.  Help make sure this sticks around for ever. (Sto lat!)This is not really a sit down place, although they do have a section of tables.  It's mostly carry-out and catering.  Hire him to cater your big, fat, Polish wedding.  I'll come and polka with you.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,5/28/2012,88,107,,5,3>The space has a unique set-up with plenty of mini offices housed in a huge garage-like complex that could probably house an airplane.  I went to a speaking event in the back of the Launchhouse with plenty of room to house at least 500 people, not including the front offices.  The LaunchHouse offers a low-cost options ($500-$1000.00ish range for membership) with a nurturing environment for start-ups in Cleveland.  I met start-ups from a wide variety and range of industries- from animation to biotechnology to finance firms.  The start-ups are given access to plenty of networking events and sponsors.   During the speaking event, I met the CEO of OfficeMax and the CEO/Founder of Forest City Enterprises!  They speakers offered their insight and advice for not only the attendees, but the start-ups as well.  It was amazing to see that this local place had  these large corporations to come in and speak about their successes and failures.  The founders/managing partners utilitize the most of their diversified backgrounds and bring in all sorts of connections and opportunities.  Additionally, they provide a laid-back environment with a shared kitchen stocked with food!!  Definitely worth a check-out, if you want to be entrepreneurial or involved with a start-up!
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,5/27/2012,75,131,,8,2>There are moments you find jewels hidden where you didn't expect. After a trip to Best Buy in Mayfield Heights, I chanced upon a little store on the back side of a building off of Golden Gate Boulevard. I was both surprised and pleased. Mayfield Fine Foods is a little shop with a LOT packed inside. The store has breads, cheeses, candies, fish and meats from all over Europe, Russia and other exotic places, and for those who have emigrated here, you might find a little slice of home (or a whole cake, for that matter,) at this fine establishment. The owner is a kind soul and very helpful; he knows his stock well. The only downside to this place is how hard it is to find; the store is on the BACKSIDE of the address, so make sure you head around back, you wont be sorry. If you're looking for everything from kefir to caviar, this little shop may just be for you.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2011,5/25/2012,1600,312,,6,4>Living in the midwest is lovely, but I do miss many things about the west coast, including all of the little bistros and restaurants and street musicians, and that vibe that makes Seattle so great.Treehugger's Cafe transported me back to the place inside of me that naps during sticky Ohio summers and applies hand lotion again and again during the cold dry winter months. Everything about this space (the ambiance, the menu, the staff, the cafe's commitment to local agriculture and organic farming) made that inside place come alive.  Last week, my friend and I shared an eggplant panini and a black bean burger with a sweet cinnamony carrot salad on the side.  The panini was my favorite of the two sandwiches, but that pretzel bread surrounding the black bean burger was pretty tasty.  While I may have to drive a ways to get here, and it might not be surrounded by six coffeeshops, mountains, or unshaven bike messengers, I do appreciate the effort.  Treehugger's Cafe will be there when I need my northwest fix.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2011,5/24/2012,23,201,,4,2>Great place for Indian/Nepalese food. Definitely recommend the naan, probably one of the best naan I've had in NE Ohio. The one thing I love about this place is how spicy the food was. I've been to many places in Ohio that claims that their food is spicy when in reality is not for me and this place was spot on. Staff and service was great, clean. Location isn't the best for them as it prevents them from getting a lot of the visibility but I'm not going to complain if they remain open and continue serving delicious food.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,5/23/2012,342,426,5,8,7>Wow, Felice is amazing.Before heading to the Motown concert, we stopped at Felice on Larchmere for a happy hour dinner. And boy, was it good.It's a house. Randomly perched on Larchmere, we suddenly saw a sign that said "Felice" with these random artistical...things up in the yard. Off we parked and wandered in.It's rather cute. There's a bar area in the back barn-ish area, with HEAT LAMPS (awesome) and a full bar. Then, you walk into the house, and bam, there's the restaurant. Very nicely put together, and very nice ambiance. Thumbs way up.We were seated on the patio (which was lined with lights and there was a lovely heater right next to our feet). While we were seating, the owner came over and asked, "have I seen you guys before? Have you been here before?" And then started chatting about Felice's history (owner of Fat Cats also owns it), and how there were Felice's names in her family, and so on. Oh how cool. How many people actually do that? I turned to my foodie partner and stated, "there's a yelp star going up, just for that." The service was great the whole night as well- once we were done with the food, plates were swept up, our waitress was super knowledgeable...yesssss, that's a good restaurant.We got a couple of drinks starting out. I got the spiced ginger- he got some cocktail. Both were perfect. Usually drinks are a tad strong and you're choking on the alcohol, but nope, the way they make it to Felice was just perfect- not weak, not too strong, but flavorful while providing you with that warm tummy feel.Then, we chose off the happy hour menu. The dishes were actually surprisingly big (and believe me, we eat a LOT), for the insanely cheap price. We got the whipped avocado and chips (those chips! mmmm kind of an airy pita chip), fried calamari- wow, these were meaty and with the romesco sauce, it was SOOOOOOO tasty, the BBQ ribs were AMAZING. And man, I love my ribs- those ribs, the meat was so tender and just came off the rib....wow, I really liked those ribs. The pizza we ordered was also good- it had manchego and butternut squash...Mmmm. And the surprise of the night? The crispy chickpeas! That's good. With fleur de sal and some type of lemon zest, they were actually quite the tasty crunchy bits of goodness.We were way too full for dessert- I want to go back and try it.This will be a definite favorite of mine in Cleveland. You GOTTA check it out. Five stars, way high up.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2011,5/22/2012,128,99,,5,6>It's places like Balaton that makes me rave about Cleveland dining. I've never tried Hungarian, Central European cuisine before. So one night, my girlfriend and I wanted to try a new place and after reading all the good reviews about Balaton, we decided to layer up and head out in the snow.The restaurant is located in Shaker Square, where as you know is pretty developed and have a number of places to grab dinner and drinks. Balaton is located on the Northwest quadrant.From recommendations on Yelp, we shared a cucumber salad and an order of the Wiener Schnitzel. I really really wanted to try the stuffed cabbage and the homemade potato pancakes, but I knew this place serve huge portions and the extra appetizers would have been too much. The Cucumber salad was good. Somewhat sour and tangy, but has a good crunch and complemented our main dish really well. The Wiener Schnitzel was amazing. It really does have a feel of a home cooked meal. The dish is a generous veal-cutlet in traditional batter, then fried perfectly, and served with a side of applesauce, and speatzels. Even though we split the dish, it was still two full portions for each of us.At the end, I had just enough room for the cafe expresso and Dobosh Torte. It's true what one reviewer said "it'll be stupid to come here and not order the Dobosh Torte" - eight layers of rich cake, with seven layers of smooth creamy chocolate, covered with hard-caramel. Holla !!
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,5/21/2012,145,54,5,3,2>After sampling several brews at the International Beer Fest yesterday afternoon, I was left heavily intoxicated and ridiculously hungry.Thankfully for me, the perfect comfort food awaited at strEat Mobile Bistro.Blurry-eyed, I still managed to make out the words "Mac & Cheese" for a price of $6 on their menu and ordered immediately. Service was super friendly and fast - plus, they take credit card. As for that Mac & Cheese. . .it was absolutely everything I ever wanted at that very moment.  Ooh, and the panko was a very nice touch. Basically, I devoured within minutes, maybe seconds even.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,5/20/2012,95,107,,3,3>I'm a beginner (at absolute best) when it comes to comics. I usually read whatever my friends throw at me, and that's about it.  But if I'm looking for new suggestions, I always head over to Carol & John's. They have EVERYTHING. A larger selection than most comic book stores I've been to. Its easy to get overwhelmed with all the awesome comics. Fear not, though. Carol and John are the nicest people, and will bend over backwards to help you. If I ever need a gift for my dude (and some of my lady) friends, I head to Carol and John's. I always know they'll steer me in the right direction.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,5/19/2012,137,196,2,7,1>This place could end vegetarianism. I have to admit I have been prejudice to places because of the curb appeal. This is one of those places. I have driven by a thousand times and never gave it a second thought because it looks Meh.. and lets be honest, street parking in Cleveland Heights is like going into battle with an empty squirt gun and no pants. Upon entry I informed the guy behind the counter that I was new and needed guidance. He informed me that the pastrami, corned beef and brisket were all outstanding. I told him i had a taste for corned beef but that the brisket sounded good too. He informed me that they have a sandwich called the Mike Michelson which is both corned beef and brisket. Perfect, I am sold. They are all very friendly in there and assisted me other menu choices. You can get your sandwich in a Boxed Lunch which consists of the sandwich, pickle, cookie, chips, utensils, pop and a choice of side. (Coleslaw, macaroni salad or potato salad.) He advised me to get the potato salad. All at the reasonable cost of $9.95. Do not plan on eating here. There is barely enough room for two men and a small boy in the counter area. This is a takeout joint. So, while they were making my food I watched my car and meter like a hawk guarding it's kill. The place is clean enough. I was informed by the owner (I assume) informed me that it is NOT a good thing to have a sandwich with your name on it because it means, your dead. The food. Whoa... The bread was warm and soft, complimented by the mayo/horseradish dressing they applied (at the owners suggestion). Piled high with warm, succulent and tender corned beef which was complimented by the incredible brisket. I enjoyed every, single, solitary bite of this sandwich.  I am very picky when it comes to potato salad. I saw the tiny little Solo condiment container that it came in and was already to just pitch it, but I had to try it. Best potato salad I have ever eaten. (sorry mom..) My only wish is that I was given more. The chocolate chip cookie was also, very good. There was one downfall however.. The Pickle. This thing looked like it had just returned back from an over-seas war. Emaciated, droopy and it had chunks missing from it. But, I am not a huge pickle guy, so it wasn't a deal breaker for me. It was going in the trash either way. If you like food and need it to survive, I highly suggest you stop in and give it a shot. It definitely made my regular list. I am shocked I have not been here before but I fully intend to make up for that. Damn that was good!
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2011,5/18/2012,215,36,3,6,4>I must for anyone looking to experience Cleveland in its ethnic glory Cafeteria style service, complete with plastic trays and gathering your own flatware.Desserts are shown first so plan accordingly and grab a to-go box!,  and the menu is on a chalkboard that is displayed before where the line starts, pay attention to prices, and if you're gonna drink i would recommend grabbing some draft beers at the bar as the bottled beers in the 'cafeteria line' are pricy (9.5 for 3 Philosophers...bottle...ugh)Some of my favorites are Salisbury Steak, Stuffed Cabbage Chicken Paprikash and the life-changing Perogies! THe portions are large, and the sides are tasty and constantly rotating!Its fun, its eclectic, you'll see tables full of doctors and suites, preist and construction workers and the occasional random dance party.....complete with a lazer light show....not even kidding....a true taste of Cleveland! Pay attention to the hours tho, and pay with cash if possible to avoid holding up the line!
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2011,5/17/2012,215,581,4,8,5>I've been putting off writing this review, because I wanted to make sure that I was clear-headed (in other words, well- rested and not excessively cranky) enough to write it to the best of my ability. So, here goes.Greenhouse Tavern provided me with one of the best dining experiences of my entire life! I can count on one hand the times I've had a truly memorable, delicious, well- rounded, eclectic meal with superb food and drink in a unique environment. (Other places in CLE that fit this description include the W.6th Crop, Dante, and the now-closed Bar Symon (R.I.P., pork cracklins).Derek and I went here for our third wedding anniversary. A night off from the world of high chairs and smushed banana is a plus to begin with, but add to that a warm, beautifully decorated atmosphere, attentive staff, and mouth-watering food, and you've got me paying attention.We decided to each get the tasting menu at $44 apiece. Soooo worth it, because we got a three courses as well as a choice of either a half or dessert. Although the Animal frites sounded remarkably heart- attack provoking, and therefore awesome, I decided to go for the dessert.Here's what we got.Me: beet salad, goat pasta, Ohio beef burger, Dobos torte.Him: bacon-wrapped apples, duck pasta, and a WHOLE BEEF SHIN. Yes, it was ridiculous, and I'm including pictures. People were staring and laughing. (Possibly pointing too.) we ate that delectable, tender pot roast for a whole week. Did I mention they included the bone? Six pounds in all. And yes, we took the bone home too. To add insult to injury, he got the buttered popcorn pot du creme for dessert.Everything was amazing. My only criticism was that the fries that came with my burger were way too salty. But everything else was great.I love the extensive beer list, the kinda-casual, but still trendy, atmosphere (because there's only a handful of days out of the year when I can pretend to be trendy, and I kinda wanna fit in), and the bottle of water that remained on the table for us to refill our glasses, even though it wasn't really needed, because we got refills from the servers approximately once every eight minutes.but it was a nice thought.I will fantasize about this meal for months, and when I return, I probably won't be as impressed, because I'm negative and cynical like that. But I'm glad that I have this memory in my mind of Greenhouse, and I'd like for it to stay there for quite some time.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,5/16/2012,364,514,12,6,5>Upon arriving, I immediately put in my karaoke request. I'd tell you what song that is, except it is the best karaoke song ever, and as far as I know, I'm the only one to ever sing it. I was swiftly brought to the mic for my performance. I got a few high fives from the audience. Like most karaoke performances, I felt I could have done better. Luckily, I got a second chance. When I was called up for what I thought was my second song selection, I Love Rock and Roll by Joan Jett, it was instead my earlier selection again. When I pointed this out, I was told "Just sing it again." So I did. When I was called up to the mic for the third time, I again thought it would be my second selection, I Love Rock and Roll. It wasn't. It was a completely different song, Bad to the Bone. When I pointed this out, I was told "Well, just try to sing it." So, I was Bad to the Bone, which  I think I'm going to rotate into my karaoke portfolio, except there is a one minute long instrumental break in the middle that I had to resort to vaudeville type dance sketches to fill. I guess that will give me something to work on. The best part: I was in full on Zombie costume. If what I've described doesn't sound perfect, then maybe you shouldn't be trying to sing karaoke in Cleveland.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,5/15/2012,88,296,6,25,14>I'll admit, my expectations were pretty low.  Everyone's been complaining about how small it is, etc, etc.  In light of this, I was really impressed.  I'd heard many concerns so here are my responses:"It's so small!" - After hearing that it was small from every reviewer, I went in thinking tiny.  It's not that small actually, I was expecting worse.  There are several rooms with interactive tanks and there is a HUGE house-sized shark tank that is filled to the brim with a variety of fish and sharks.  "The tanks are boring" - What do you expect, it just opened last week.  Some fish take some time to grow and the water hasn't even settled.  I liked all the tank decor's and yes, there may be some room to grow (the Anemone tank didn't have anemone's in there yet), but overall for a just opened aquarium I was fine by it."Parking is ridiculous!" - Look around people.  I didn't pay for parking.  There is plenty of street parking in front of McCarthys or by Stonebridge.  My BF and I walked in past a huge line of people waiting to pay $5.  If you don't open your eyes and see the entire lot is surrounded by free parking, stop complaining."Poor signage" - From what I understand, on opening day, half the signs weren't even up.  Now it looks like things are up and I was satisfied.  There were plenty of guides throughout that were happy to answer questions and the posters on display were informative.  I read them, so if that's the goal.  Goal made.  "Crowds, ugh!" - There is not another aquarium for 400 miles.  That's why they put it here.  People like me have been anticipating the opening for a year now, do you think it's going to be quiet?  The day that I was there, there was already a birthday scheduled and a proposal was made in the tunnel.  Give it a month or two and come back.  "They don't allow strollers!" - See above.  They'd be a safety hazard.Now mind you, I am an annual pass holder.  This is by far the best deal which means that I skip all the lines entirely and I can pop in whenever I want.  I plan to pop in after a few more weeks to hopefully enjoy it with less kids running underfoot.  It also means that I wasn't bothered by the price because let's face it, I paid for that a couple months ago and do plan on coming back often.Sure there are a few things that I'd like to see like more seating, but overall I don't think there is even room for it with all the people milling around.  I hope that people keep an open mind and realize that this JUST opened so give them a little leeway.  I was happy and really enjoyed all of the fish and tanks.  I could have spent more time there if it was a little more laid back so I look forward to my upcoming trips.  (-:
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2011,5/14/2012,99,118,1,3,2>I used to work for Eddie Cerino back in the day when I was shaving peach fuzz off my chin and driving an 1982 Cutlass Supreme.  He used to kick us out of the kitchen when he was making his secret family recipe bread.  After I tasted it I knew why, because it was the best around and he didn't want anyone else duplicating it.  At Eddie's Pizzeria Cerino I had the Cioppino and it was excellent. Like a bouillabaisse with pasta. Sorry for using a foodie snob term.  If you don't know what bouillabaisse is, (its seafood stew of awesomeness).  With just the right spiciness and tomato flavor I will remember this special for a long time. Eddie is running this dish until December so go get yourself some before its gone.  This is another successful new restaurant started by Eddie in the Seven Hills 'hood.  It was packed but we got a table in ten minutes.  The wait staff was just as good as any higher end restaurant.  I brought my 10 month old twins and 3 year old son with my wife.  It was as family friendly as the Bill Cosby show or Leave it to Beaver.  But this ain't no out of fashion restaurant.  Its new, hip and is attractive to every generation and marital situation.  It was great to get the whole family out together to have a great meal.  Maybe that is why the Cerino family has been so successful in Cleveland.  They understand what keeps family together:  good food, good home, and good traditions.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,5/13/2012,61,11,3,11,9>Leaving a group of friends and a vendor who was picking up the tab at Market Garden to hit Spice (alone) on your way home isn't the easiest way to check out a new restaurant in town.  But I did it.And I am sure glad I did.I figured I'd know at least one person in the place, either at the bar or one of the tables.  Nada.  I shot a quick glance at all the people sitting at the packed bar. Then  I did a quick walk through the newly renovated space, sure I'd find a familiar face at one of the tables.  Nope.  So, I checked the ladies room to see if they'd fixed the horrible lighting that used to be in there.  A quick cursory glance told me they had. Not quite the fix I'd hoped for, but better than what it was.Then a friendly employee asked if I needed help.  I hesitated for a second, not sure what to say.  Keen to sense my desire to stay even though I didn't know anyone, he says, "Hey, I know the bar looks like it's packed but there's two employees sitting at the end and it's our policy if a patron comes in, we seat them."  Awesome.  I can't think of a better way to get great service than to displace someone from their bar stool as they're enjoying a beverage.  Before I could protest he was seating me where a couple of what would typically be considered as friendly faces, used to be seated.  Turns out Rachel, Ben and Gina actually were happy I'd stopped in on my own and were only too eager to offer me their recommendations on what to order.The Malbec was exactly what I was craving after having just had Market Garden's new 'All Fuggled Up'.  The Preserved Squash Risotto is cravable.  Many eating establishments have graced us with their presence at 5800 Detroit.  Given their warm staff, friendly atmosphere and delectable menu, let's hope this one is here to stay.  Thanks for welcoming a lone patron and good luck and prosperity to you guys.  -Gina
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,5/12/2012,67,157,3,1,1>I freakin love the film festival.  By far one of my favorite festivals that I have ever been to.  I volunteered this year and it was a blast.  Never knew there were so many good looking guys in Cleveland (Granted most of them came when they were showing the gay-themed short films) but oh well.  The festival had a huge range of films and most of the ones I saw were really good.  I'm definitely volunteering for next year and can hardly wait for it.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,5/11/2012,110,405,4,7,3>Went to Film Fest Sunday night and had enough time before our movie for a quick drink. But not enough time to leave Tower City. Options: Hard Rock...uhhh...no. Or?? Drew a blank. Then my wife suggested the Ritz Carlton. Sure, why not? We were directed to the bar just outside of Muse, the Ritz's restaurant, on the sixth floor. What a cool little hideaway this place was! A fireplace, couches,some tables and a small basement sized bar filled the intimate and well appointed( however dated) space. We had two cocktails totalling about 16 bucks and chatted on the couch. The servers were very polite and not judgy like you would expect from a fancy hotel. They offer light noshes if you are so inclined. If this was the first thing I saw leaving my room to venture out onto public square, I would be fooled into thinking downtown was not the desolate carcass that it really is. Way too classy to be in the same building as Footlocker and Sakkio Japan. But I guess the dichotomy of Tower City and the Ritz is what makes it such a unique experience.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,5/10/2012,66,64,,10,4>Misha dog and I love coming here for its location and three other main reasons: 1) It's 2 acre fenced in grassy area is perfect to explore and play with other doggy friends who might happen to be there. All dogs we have met have been nice and ready to make new friends. There is lots of room to run. :) 2) The humans are just as nice as the dogs who visit. In fact, there is a nice community of humans who visit,  so most of the time the humans have a chance to socialize as well as their dog counterparts. Everyone seems to be willingly to pitch in to take care of the park as well, with some bringing water for the bowls and more baggies for cleanup. 3) It's a lot quieter than Stow's Bow Wow Beach. Not going to lie, Bow Wow Beach is our favorite playground, but in the winter it's closed and a lot of the time there's so much going on there it's a little overwhelming. Keyser is nice, I never seen more than 5 dogs there at one time. Would HIGHLY  recommend to new owners trying out the off leash dog playgrounds. It's a nice baby step for both human owners and dogs. *only note: while there are no hours for the dog park there are no lights on the premise.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2012,5/9/2012,440,357,3,4,2>WHOA! HOW COME I NEVER HEARD OR BEEN HERE EARLIER?I decided to come here a random day when I was around the neighborhood and happen to see the restaurant. I remember hearing a lot of friends recommending it so even though i was grabbing dinner in a couple hours, I figure i had to come in and check out this cute little place.Located on the corner in a triangular spot, Le Petit Triangle Cafe is so cute and welcoming. I love the chill atmosphere! Anyhow I ordered hot choloate and crepe with avacado, swiss cheese and egg. The hot chocolate i loved-- not too sweet and not too bland. The crepe i loveddd!!! The only thing was, I wish they would recommend us a cheese. I asked what type of cheese the waitress thinks is best and her answer was "i dont know. up to you." so we got swiss... and the swiss cheese was just wayy too much for the crepe. It was a bit overpowering.Either way, i'm coming back here! I love the atmosphere and i love the options!
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,5/8/2012,9,256,,8,2>First day of lunch service for Hodge's, and I came away impressed.  The restaurant retains much of the structure of Zinc, though thankfully absent are the much-too-cramped 2 person tables near the bar in favor of counter seating facing the open kitchen.  Zinc's curved booths just past the bar area (on the left) were replaced with more traditional banquette seating flush against the wall.  The long bar and patio area remain, leaving the prospect of it being an excellent happy hour spot once the weather warms up.  Service was friendly and efficient--I clocked 44 minutes, 50 seconds from the time I walked into the door to the time my credit card came back.Started with the Chicken Liver Toast ($3) as an appetizer.  This is two pieces of toast covered in a heavy spread of chicken liver pâté and a little bit of olive oil.  Small bits of onions and herbs were added to provide a little extra flavoring, but given the rather large amounts already spread on the toast, this isn't an appetizer for those who might be slightly squeamish about chicken liver.Table service also includes a 6" skillet of cornbread with maple-bourbon butter.  Truthfully, if I knew this were coming, I would have passed on the Chicken Liver Toast.  The cornbread is pretty fluffy, and I love that they serve it piping hot.  It's also nice to see the cornbread served complementary when there is a trend of some restaurants charging for bread amidst the small plates phenomenon.  The maple-bourbon butter is also very good, relying more on the subtle maple taste instead of being too sweet.The Le Cordon Blue Sandwich ($10) was excellent and worthy of a blue ribbon itself.  The dark meat cut of breaded chicken pairs perfectly with the relatively thick slices of bacon (which isn't fried to a crisp and retains a little bit of fat) and a not-overpowering amount of blue cheese.  The bun is an ordinary cafeteria-style sandwich bun (which I suppose is evocative of the restaurant's food truck roots) but toasted on the inside.  A rosemary parmesan aioli is provided on the side.  The sandwich comes with a side of tater tots served in a metal cup (like Lola Fries at B Spot).  The tots were too much on the oily and salty side.The chef also randomly made a special lemongrass iced tea for lunch ($2.50).  With just a little bit of sweetness, this was a refreshing change from the usual lunchtime iced tea, but my understanding is that this was at the chef's whim and not necessarily a regular part of the menu.I took a look at the wine list for good measure:  Most of the bottles were around the $30 level and topping out at just under $100 with a few exceptions.  The 2010 Cakebread Chardonnay at $77 but Yellow Label Veuve Clicquot at $110--both are about $45 at a retail store.  They also provided 9 whites, 12 reds, and 3 sparkling wines by the glass.More so than any review, positive or negative, the true test will be whether Hodge's will be able to survive in that seemingly cursed space at 668 Euclid, despite (or because of) its proximity to the bustle of East Fourth.  I would proffer the next time you're thinking of Corner Alley, Zocolo, or Chocolate Bar for lunch, considering taking a few steps further down Euclid to Hodge's.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,5/7/2012,15,35,5,6,4>My brain has a hard time forming coherent words about how awesome this place is. It's bright and sunny inside, and I was immediately taken with how much work has been done since the days it was a kitschy German restaurant. I don't consider myself a foodie and definitely had no idea what some of the things on the menu were, but that's where the extremely nice waitress came in - very helpful and knowledgeable. I'm vegan. I ordered the portobello mushroom sandwich, and the waitress painstakingly made sure that I could eat everything on the sandwich. And then, the owner himself came out to double check. I'm used to ordering something without the cheese, getting the cheese anyway, and then being told that I can "scrape it off". So I can honestly say that I love it here if only for how attentive and knowledgeable they are. Everything is local and organic. The bread is cooked in house, specials are perfectly in season and it's all SERIOUSLY DELICIOUS. My sandwich was so good I'd lick the plate if that wasn't sort of frowned upon. Only complaint: the service was a little slow. But everyone was so sweet and the experience here was so nice that I hardly cared.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2011,5/6/2012,93,27,,9,4>Okay so I might be a little biased since we had this amazingly awesome waiter who actually sang us an opera song (he had such a beautiful voice).  Now I know you all are wondering why was this guy singing opera at my table, well, it's because I was talking to him and in Philly we have these italian restaurants that have people singing opera throughout your meal and i like casually mentioned it to him.  Then he told me he was an opera singer and i believe next week they are having an opera night there where him and some of his fellow singers will be putting on a little show during a dinner.  Pretty neat right!As for the food, i had the risotto de giorno and it is a veggie risotto with grilled prawns, seriously good.  My dude got the pasta bolognese and was disappointed with the type of pasta that they chose to go with it (the right kind of pasta makes or breaks a dish.The wine was incredible we had the brunello that was on sale and it was magnificent.  The food came out a little too quickly for my taste.  I hadn't finished my salad before the food came and I hate the plate tradeoff that happens then.  Although my dad and my dude were already done and their plates were already cleared, I just eat slow.Overall, I like this place, the food isn't knock your socks off, but I am biased being from an italian family and coming from a majorly amazing place for italian food like philly, but i do dig it for sure.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2011,5/5/2012,56,103,4,4,3>Mmmm... Pho. Okay. We all know about my obsession. Stop judging me.I actually got a bunch of stuff for a take-out order because I was lazy and only made roast beast for this week and needed stuff to fill in the gaps.So here's a list of what I got and what I thought (dontcha love how I rhyme?):- Pho: Flank steak, beef meatballs, tendon. The broth was excellent, clean and rich, but not as heavy on the anise/cinnamon as I'd typically like. There were two different noodle types that I was given in the take-out container, which threw me through a loop, but they were still good. Tendon was great, but not nearly enough! MOAR TENDON! Lots of basil, lime, sliced jalapenos, and bean sprouts to go with as well as a menagerie of sauces/pastes/powders to adjust the soup to your taste. YAY! I love little containers of delicious. Be warned though, the lighter, more pureed sauce is CRAZY hot. - Pad Thai: I'm very particular about pad thai, as most places just seem to give me ginger, ketchup, and shrimp and proclaim it 'pad thai.' The Pad Thai is a lie. Anyways. Theirs was decent. Not spicy at all even though I had asked for a '2'. I do have to say though, I love that their tofu was fried before being tossed with the noodles. Made my little tofu heart swoon.- Drunken Noodles: Okay, I know what I think of when I think 'drunken noodles': thick spicy sauce with rice noodles and protein of choice. It leaves your lips burning, your forehead drenched in sweat, and a chill down your spine. It's the best hang-over cure I've ever found. So, naturally, I ate this for breakfast this morning. It was delicious and spicy, but WTF is up with the 800 carrots in it? First off, carrots are gross. Second off, carrots are gross. Lastly, Carrots. Are. Gross.- Summer Rolls: Crunchy, herby, filled which pork and shrimp with hoisin-peanut dipping sauce. These were seriously awesome. I still like the one I make at home better because I put cilantro, mint, thai basil, and dill in mine. But I'm an herb person, so I understand that not everyone is. These were still awesome.Overall, awesome place, great prices, and a really pretty dining area (as you can see from the picture I added) despite the kinda bleh neighborhood.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,5/4/2012,298,127,5,5,4>Being a top notch sushi joint in Cleveland is akin to being Cleveland's top model. You may be good, but at the end of the day, you aren't playing with the big dogs.  I am always weary of both "models" and raw fish offerings here in the land of the CLE. I want to start by saying I am incredibly biased towards owner Dante Boccuzzi. I have met him on a number of occasions ranging from sitting at his chef's table  to getting trashed playing wall-ball in his parking lot. He has always been a wonderful host with a charming personality and a quick wit. I also love his food. Dante is everything I think modern American fair should be. For my birthday this year, the girl took me to Ginko, Dantes trip into the land of sushi. I little background on me, I  adore sushi.  During my time in California I found myself developing a three to four times a week habit and loved exploring the little hole in wall places off the beaten path.  I eventually took my love to the next level by taking classes where I spent 1-2 hours a day rolling sushi for a couple months.In my opinion, Ginko is the best is the city. I could find no fault in there rice, fish, service, or price point. Where they excelled was presentation. It was almost too pretty to eat. I am not going to lie, I got a half chub when I first saw the plate arrangement. Now at the same time, I was a little disappointed. I was looking for something fun and maybe a little crazy from Dante. I was expecting  some gastronomical combination that appeared disastrous on the menu but was actually so delicious that the taste would be permanently seared into my  taste buds. I didn't find this.  Where I was hoping for funk, Ginko brought the formal. In many ways, the space and the menu reminded me of the sub street level sunken sushi bars that I had come to love in SF. The space is modern and intimate and still distinctly Japanese despite the flat screen TVs. (Start Rant: What is it about the Midwest where we feel the need to never be more than 30 feet from the glow of a LCD? : End rant.)Ginko is good. Very good. I can't fault a perfect execution in a city that considers Sushi Rock to be  the ultimate sushi expereince. That being said, I look forward to the day Dante wants to cut loose with wonderful mixture of taste, color, and texture that is the sushi roll.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2011,5/3/2012,64,141,,4,3>Bam I'm in China.  I was just in Cleveland like 3 steps ago.  I actually cannot comment on the food authenticity, but I can tell you it was good.  The best pot stickers I have ever had.  The thing that makes this place worth a trip is the variety.  I am so tired of going to a Thai place or Chinese place and having the same menu items as the Asian food at some grocery stores.  Wonton has different selections, and don't worry about not know what you are getting.  Just point to the picture of it on the wall, and it will be swiftly brought out.The only bad part is the cramp dining setup.  Enjoy Asian food with the joys of over population.  I would say Wontons is a must at least once.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2011,5/2/2012,146,412,5,7,4>This place is so amazing. Gourmet ice cream and fries = a WINNING combination.We came here on a Sunday evening at around 9pm, and the owner was still around. He is the nicest man! Apparently, he is a corporate man-turned-ice cream specialist. He gave us all free samples to try his different gourmet ice creams. They are very hearty and creamy and good. With any scoop of ice cream, you also get a little free "sweetie scoop", which is a tiny little scoop of any flavor you like. That in itself deserves a 5.And the fries.... I love me some fries. First of all, if you order the entree fries, they come in a giant basket smothered in amazing toppings. We had the chili cheese fries.. drool. My friend had parmesan and truffle fries... also good! The pizza fries were a little on the intense side.You can also order different dipping sauces for the fries. My recommendation... get the masala curry one. Who knew that curry and fries could go so well together?? Finally, the sweet potato fries are really, really really good.Go to sweetie fry!
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,5/1/2012,74,71,1,3,3>If you love cupcakes as much as I do and you haven't been to Grandma Freda's, then you need to get in your butt down to the West Side Market immediately because you have no idea what you're missing!  This love affair started when I asked my boyfriend to pick me up a cupcake (preferably red velvet) from any stand at the WSM during one of his shopping trips and was I in for a big surprise when he came home with a half dozen from Grandma Freda's.  This red velvet cupcake was SO GOOD that I told my boyfriend when we get married we're not having a wedding cake, but instead a cupcake cake made of these red velvet delights (and yes, my boyfriend and I are serious enough where saying that didn't make me sound crazy).  I have since tried a variety of different flavors and have yet to be disappointed and neither will you once you get your hands on these amazing desserts!
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,4/29/2012,107,133,2,4,3>Okay, I have an confession to make.  Before Bac, I used to equate "Asian Fusion" with "Asian Expensive."  But Bac has since changed my ways.  This is successful Asian Fusion - Asian dishes with an American twist.  Examples:- The Banh Bao Buns are cooked perfectly and reminiscent of delicious pork buns that I've had in Chinese restaurants of Los Angeles, but with two delectable additions of  a hard-boiled egg and shitake mushrooms in the filling.- The Vietnamese Noodle Salad is an excellent Vietnamese noodle dish, but blended with a traditional American salad.  I'm not a salad person but really it's more of a noodle dish than a salad dish, and the dressing was sweet, tangy and delicious.  Get it with shrimp and the chopped spring roll - you won't regret it!- The Pork with Egg is just like a Chinese pork bian dang (bento lunch box), but with American veggies and dressing.  The pork was cooked correctly and blended well with the egg.The portions are HUGE and it was surprisingly inexpensive (about $50 for two appetizers, two entrees that each could be split into two meals and spring rolls to go).The decor in the main dining area is hip and very fun, but the entire area is for people with reservations - make a reservation or you will be eating at the bar or one of three small tables by the bar.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,4/28/2012,71,94,,12,3>This place is great!I love salads but I am also too lazy to chop up the ingredients for a good one at home.  Salad Kraze is the answer to my problem!They have a huge list of salad combinations to choose from or you can create your own concoction from the extensive list of toppings. I stopped in the other night and left with a huge container of leafy goodness for under $7!  All the ingredients are muy fresh and the salad dressings appear to be homemade.  This place blows any supermarket salad bar out of the water!Great local spot that I hope sticks around for a very long time!
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2011,4/26/2012,22,51,7,9,8>Oh boy. Crostata's makes the most delicious pizza that I've ever had in my life, without question.I really don't even know where to start. I usually come to Crostata's with one other person, so we usually split one appetizer and one pizza and that's the perfect amount (although let's be real, I could eat some crazy amounts of this amazing pizza). For appetizers, the arancini is my absolute favorite - it's rich and creamy and crunchy and delicious in every way. I've also had the stuffed peppers which are great too, but I really can't not order the arancini - it's too good.The pizza is perfection. Everything from the thin-but-not-too-thin crust to the amazing toppings are just.. perfect. My personal favorites are the caprese and the prosciutto with arugula. I've had the alba, and wasn't sure what to expect from pizza with egg on it.. but of course, it was delicious. Crostata's doesn't disappoint. The pizza takes a little bit of time to arrive, but it's totally worth the wait. I've tried a few different desserts here and they've all been pretty good, but the one that stands out in my mind is the lemon napoleon. I love lemon desserts and this was a great balance of tart and sweet. I love Crostata's.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,4/25/2012,25,50,1,4,4>There is a lot of buzz about this place, especially given its feature on the Food Network. Having lived in New Orleans for some time, I was both curious and eager to give HSW a try. (New Orleans is famous for some of its fried/comfort foods.)The Bottom Line: this place is rather magical. If you love fried food that is slathered in hot sauce, then this is your place. To be honest, the fried food offers a one-dimensional taste experience; however, the food presentation is beautiful...in an ordered-chaos sort of way.There's a menu, but you pretty much just get whatever they have available (I.e., whatever is sitting in the warmers behind the counter). I tried the fried chicken and the famous Polish Boy sandwich -- a fried kielbasa topped with coleslaw, fries, and hot sauce. I also "sauced" everything, allowing the kind worker to paint all of my food with the ever-so-sweet-tangy-and-delicious HSW hot sauce. The food was hot, and amazingly, the chicken was as crispy/tasty as some of the famous fried chicken of New Orleans' Willie Mae's Scotch House and Dooky Chase. (Huge success!)The decor is the best part of HSW. The restaurant is appears to be a bit rundown, ostensibly dirty, and some of the windows are adorned with iron bars/mesh for safety purposes. While this may seem to be a negative, it is not. These details, coupled with the ambiance of the restaurant's neighborhood, offer the adventurous and hungry an authentic City of Cleveland dining experience.Grade: A
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,4/24/2012,129,81,4,4,4>Guilty of swiping my plastic here quite a few times. This place is great for your home or gifts for others. The guys are awesome with their suggestions and somehow I not only find something unique for my friends...I walk away with another addition for me. Can't help myself... They have pieces you can't find anywhere else and will special order for you also. Rugs, chandeliers, chairs, gift cards, tables and anything you can think of to decorate. Join their mailing list. You will get up to date info on what they are ordering in. They also participate in the 216 events around town. Now go fall in love with duoHOME!
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,4/23/2012,118,46,,4,2>I'm still chewing!!! I had to get on here in a hurry to lend my voice to the chorus of Yelpers who LOVE Boggtrotters Doorstep! I can't wait to try the whole menu. For my first time I got the Philly and..WOW! I will have to try this famous cheese sauce everyone has mentioned next time. I will be back very soon! Side notes: -Next time my boyfriend and I can split one instead of each getting our own. -Get sauces and Jus on the side!YUM! Check it out right away!!
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2011,4/22/2012,11,84,4,8,1>WOW!Nervous Dog numero two-oh is quite possibly better than the one in my backyard! I stopped here on my way to taking my GRE for a quick caffeine drip and was blown away by what was offered. Boar's Head meat in the most absolutely beautiful sandwiches I have ever seen. Spacious, warm environment and a staff which catered to me like I was some sort of dignitary. Pleasant, low, non-intrusive music being the only real "noise" to the place, and yet somehow, the place had plenty of people. THESE THINGS DON'T EXIST IN COFFEE SHOPS!I mean, what the hell? I stood at the counter, staring at the menu, baffled. The barrista was so helpful and managed to take take-out orders at the same time. I ordered a club sandwich on french bread and a red-eye. What I got was my favorite Nervous Dog coffee(already ranked 5-stars) with a sandwich(and cajun chips!) that filled an entire plate and dared me to finish it. I ALWAYS finish my food. Even if I hate it. But this...it was so much sandwich. Dear god.If it sound like I'm glowing, keep in mind I'm writing this a week after eating here. It's made that much of an impression on me.I will go back. I will bring my friends. I will set up a tent in the parking lot and live there. If you don't try this place, you are cheating yourself from a truly unique coffeehouse experience.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2011,4/21/2012,57,100,2,4,2>Do you need something sweet and delicious? Chocolates? Candy? Cupcakes? Popcorn in a ton of crazy flavors? They have it. I especially love the fun popcorn flavors and the cupcakes. This place just recently opened and is run by the same people who have the stands at the West Side Market. Don't park in the lot across the street; I think it's easiest to park on a side street & walk around the block. Just a heads up: I found their dark chocolate treats to taste more like milk chocolate and the milk tasted like white chocolate to me.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,4/20/2012,82,187,3,3,3>I love this place.  I love to look around at all the random shit on the walls.  The food is fantastic and most everyone there is friendly.  Gimme a can o' blatz and a reuben and I'm a happy gal.  Oh, you know what makes me even happier?  The reuben made with potato pancakes instead of Rye Bread.  Holy fantastico.  I can cut it into quarters and make 4 meals out of it.  It'd still probably exceed any caloric limits one should have in a meal though.  Karaoke is fun and Wed $5 burgers are great, too.  Good place to have around the corner.  I shouldn't take it for granted.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2011,4/19/2012,46,63,1,4,4>The Saucy Bistro recently relaunched itself as SB Eighty One, a fact of which we were not aware when we made dinner reservations there. What used to be a classic French restaurant has modernized into something harder to describe: nouvelle Italian cuisine meets bar food? This is not necessarily a bad thing. The food was actually very good. The four of us started with three appetizers. The calamari with sundried tomatoes was perfectly cooked, with tender calamari and the tomatoes adding a bright snap to the classic. The duck confit bruschetta was more like shredded duck on toast, but also very tasty, and the Tuna Napoleon was brilliant, with thin slices of tuna on equally thin wontons. Our only regret was that we only got one slice each.After the appetizers, though, the menu gets a bit confusing. The categories to choose from are a limited number of entrees, and then pastas, pizzas, and burgers. See what I mean about the French influence getting lost? Two of our party chose pastas. The Bolognese was pronounced the best ever, but the Chorizo was not a hit. The Filet Mignon was done beautifully. Being rather full from the appetizers, I settled on the warm mushroom salad with grilled salmon. Honestly, I think I had the best meal of the evening. The salad was a delicious mixture of sauteed mushrooms and beautiful greens, and the salmon was cooked perfectly. (Note that I asked for the salmon rare and it came on the slightly past medium side, but was still moist. I do find one of the challenges in Cleveland is convincing chefs that fish does not have to be cooked to dry leather.)The cocktails we had before dinner were delicious and interesting, and the wine selection is decent. The decor has been toned down to be a bit less French Rustic, but the tables are still decently spaced from each other and the ambiance still romantic. On the whole, I would say that this relaunch is successful. SB Eighty One is a good, if not particularly remarkable, place for a cozy date.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,4/18/2012,118,61,2,8,5>Sweet little Italian bakery with top-notch cannolis!Dropped by for a quick visit today after a wedding at the church across the street.  Picked up a nice batch of mini-cannolis (they had normal/larger ones too), a small cookie assortment for the fam, and a slice of Napolean cake.  The mini cannolis (which are actually good-sized and take quite a few bites to finish off) were excellent, the filling thick and creamy, the shell, sweet and crunchy, reminiscent of a good, fresh ice cream cone.  The Napolean was delicious as well--a layer of pastry atop four inches of custard and cream.  It's a different style from what I used to get from Chinese bakeries--4-5 layers of pastry with walnuts and thin layers of cream in between like mortar between bricks.  Different, but equally delicious.    The store is modest in size and decor but I was impressed with how very clean, organized, and well-ventilated the space seemed.  Service was friendly, prompt, but not pressing.  They have a wide variety of cookies, pastries, cassata cakes, regular cakes and mini-cakes, including "bombs"--domed minicakes encased in white or regular chocolate.    They do all types of cakes made to order, and while they don't deliver, they do have a partner delivery service that will deliver your cake to your event if you need it.I know there's a good number of little Italian bakeries that people will swear by throughout Cleveland--this is the first I've visited in person so I can't say how it compares to others yet.  However, I can say that I've had cannolis from other vendors and cookies from Presti's, and Cazzola's cannolis and cookies runs laps around theirs.  Will definitely be back for at least a few more cannoli runs this summer!
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,4/17/2012,21,16,2,6,4>Zack Bruell does it again, adding yet another crown jewel to the burgeoning Cleveland fine-dining scene. My wife and I celebrated Valentine's Day here, happily engaging in the deadly sin of gluttony. The result of our piggishness is plenty of dishes for you to read about below.The list of appetizers was impressive, and we could have happily ordered ten of them and called it a night. Instead, we settled on four, all of which were expertly executed and delectable:1. Mussels Provencal - The combination of plump, fresh mussels and savory olives is a must-have for any mussel-lover.  There was no grit at all, the olives were not briny, and all the flavors were well balanced.  Superbly executed.2. Chicken Wings - These wings have dethroned Greenhouse Tavern's wings as my favorite in Cleveland. The unique combination of goat cheese and tomato dust in the "wing sauce" created a Moroccan-style flavor that took these perfectly fried wings to the next level.3. Beef Ceviche - A great blend of high-quality beef ceviche and diced fruits and vegetables. The crispness of the fruits and veggies was a nice counterpoint to the soft texture of the beef. If I had to find fault, I would say that the beef could have used a touch more acid, but that is a minor quibble.4. "Bacon and Eggs" - This pairing of perfectly cooked pork belly and an airy, creamy frittata was one of the single best dishes I've ever had. Each component would have been outstanding on its own; in concert, they were stunning. Do not fail to order this.We then moved on to salads.  Unfortunately, this course was a mixed bag:1. Haricot Vert Salad - This was great.  A perfect composition of green beans, blue cheese, tomatoes, and pickled onions with a balsamic vinaigrette. Clean, delicious flavors. Highly recommended.2. Belgian Endive Salad - This salad was confusing. The blend of celery root, marcona almonds, and cheese was quite successful. But the endive was so overwhelmingly bitter, and combining that with an excess of truffle oil did not help matters. Perhaps some sweetness or acid could have helped to balance the dish, but I really think that there was no overcoming the bitterness -- it was simply too assertive. There was also a bit of endive core in the salad, which is a no-no. Hopefully, they can fine-tune this dish, as it has a lot of potential.Our bellies already full, we moved onto entrees. Both were very good, though mine fell short just a bit:1. Crispy Giant Pork Shank - This was my entree. The kale on which the shank rested was heavenly, having absorbed all of the great flavors. The generous helping of thyme dumplings scattered throughout the plate were very tasty.  The only flaw was with the star of the dish --while the pork fell off the bone nicely, it was a bit dry in some parts. However, the parts that were cooked properly were moist and bursting in flavor. If they can master the cookery on the pork, this would be a masterpiece, and I would not hesitate to recommend it. Even with the dryness, I would still recommend trying your luck with this dish -- it's hearty and perfect for the winter.2. Pacific Rock Fish - This was my wife's entree.  The fish was cooked perfectly.  It was not quite as spiced as my wife and I expected, but it did not suffer for it. The fish had a nice coating of "tomato crumbs" (dehydrated tomato) and sat in a yummy pool of tomato-basil butter. The broccoli rabe and spinach were also cooked very well.We cut short our entrees to save room for dessert. To end the night in true gluttonous fashion, we ordered three desserts:1. Dark Chocolate Ice Cream - Nothing fancy, just three scoops of some insanely perfect Mitchell's ice cream. So damn good.2. Meringues - This sort of looked like a burger constructed of meringue buns and a burnt-caramel ice cream patty in between. These meringues are not like the soft meringue that you'd find on top of Key Lime Pie -- they were more like crispy biscuits with a texture akin to astronaut ice cream. They tasted great -- how could egg and sugar not -- but you should know what you are ordering. The ice cream here was also excellent.3. Peanut Butter and Jelly Cheesecake - This was also yummy. The density of the cheesecake was a little off-putting at first, but I soon stopped caring once I began stuffing my face with it. Perfectly flavored -- not as overpowering as you might expect. Worth a try if you are a cheesecake fan.  While our overall experience at Cowell & Hubbard was not quite perfect, it was still stellar, especially considering that it had only been open about a week at the time. It's a gorgeous, tastefully modern space. The staff was very attentive; our server Loretta was enthusiastic, and the manager frequently visited to gather feedback and make recommendations. I have no doubt that any flaws will be worked out soon, and I look forward to dining there before every visit to Playhouse Square. A good value for the quality (and quantity) of food. Don't miss it!
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2012,4/16/2012,86,287,7,4,4>Yeah, I dig me some Root Cafe. When I was a teenager and desperately wanted older artsy women to hit on me, this would have been my dream place to hang out. I could have brought my acoustic guitar along with me on summer days, sit outside, make a small lemonade last for hours and hours, loiter with the best of them, and have all kinds of college girls fall in love with me. That said, I'm now a grown-ass man and appreciate a nice, cool, home-y place where I can grab a good coffee & snack, sit around for a while reading a book (or more likely fucking around on an electronic device) and take in the hipster bonhomie of Lakewood.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,4/15/2012,196,453,2,6,3>What a great addition to the DTW scene, congrats Coyne family for providing us socialites with a wonderful bar/restaurant to get happy in.  I love the openness, long bar, comfortable seating, and better yet, the food and drink.  What's great about WG is that the concept was to have everyone (owners / managers) bring something to the restaurant whether it be wine recommendations, recipes, decorative talent, imaginations, and best yet 'a family working environment'.  It really makes you feel like you stepped into a bar that is owned by a bunch of best friends albeit they are mostly family.  Now to the review of the food.Starter: Potato Soup - WOW!  Thickness of a chowder or creamed down mashed potatoes, but the flavor is terrific.  Topped with sour cream, REAL bacon, and cheese, what a fricken delight. $5.Appetizer (pic uploaded):Hummus Dip - Very obvious this is homemade.  Not extremely smooth, slightly textured, but well seasoned / put together.  I've never been a big fan, but I'd get this again.  I thought it was a little pricey at $8 but 1/2 off everyday from 3-7, not that's a good deal.Pizza (pic uploaded):The Goose!!  OK, so what do think when the toppings are Duck Confit, Pears, and Blue Cheese??  Yeah....that pretty much sold us ($14).  As it IS the most expensive item on the menu, it's probably one of the more flavorful pizza's I've ever eaten.  The cheese has a very strong flavor so WG does go a little light, but it sure packs a punch.  I thought the crust might have been a little thick, which will always take away from the flavor of the pizza but it still needs to be thick enough to hold up against the ingredients (this is supposed to be finger food - right?).  I also talked with one of the owners and they're still trying to tackle the imported oven since it does smoking hot.  Overall, I think with time, this will be a great place to go get some unique eats, especially the pizza.  They are planning on running pizza of the day specials along with beer and wine of the day deals.  To comment on 1 and done Charles' review, the beer was very cold and the music was perfect (we had a 10 month old with us) and she slept most of dinner.  I honestly think that the only downside to this location is parking.  So get in early and get your grub on.Note:  My phone wasn't feeling that good when I took the pics.  I'll try better next time.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2012,4/14/2012,67,84,,4,5>Amazing food! A good friend and coworker has been urging... Pushing... Coercing... Blackmailing... (you get the picture) me to go here. Finally she made reservations; invited me and my significant other as well as some friends for dinner and drinks. Suffice it to say i have a new favorite place on the east side that I will be finding many excuses to end up here for at least a drink and app if not my evening meal. I had maple-adobo pork shank with spaetzle. Slight kick and tasted a bit like breakfast with the maple glaze. Jessica had the Zinfandel short ribs (melt in your mouh and big flavor), Rachel had the "Quackitori" ... Their signature item ... A yakitori with Asian BBQ duck breast served with soba noodles, seaweed salad and shrimp chips. It was too good! Oops ... I went straight to dinner and skipped apps. Cheese board with smoked Gouda (really smokey), some kind of Swiss, and a moody Blue. Crab cakes that were flavorful and cooked perfectly. The cocktail menu was full and even had some interesting specials including their own take on a moscow mule. Beer selection is good and very seasonal from a micro standpoint. The wines I had heard were very exceptional. They actually opened a bottle of vien and poured us a couple glasses ... Usually sold by the bottle in every other place I've ever seen it at. All in all the tavern is quite the treat tucked away on a neighborhood street in Collinwood. On the pricier side but totally worth it!
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,4/13/2012,105,123,5,5,4>Anywhere I can get free cheese is okay with me!In all seriousness, though.  Their wine is fantastic!  The service is great and they have one of the biggest sitting rooms in the area.  See, I love tasting wine.  Maybe my taste in wine is terrible - yes.  But at Spring Hill, they offered the most generous tasting of 8 or 9 wines for $5.  You can't beat that!  And they brought it to your table!  So you didn't have to worry about the face you made after you didn't like the Peach wine or whatever.  It's the perfect setup.They also serve food - salads, wraps, sandwiches.  Which is perfect for a winery.  Especially when you have to drive back to Cleveland.I highly recommend stopping here if you are visiting the Geneva area.  And check in!  You get free cheese!
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2011,4/12/2012,78,264,6,6,4>Where I come from, OCB stands for 'Old Country Buffet'. Many a stupefying food coma began at that place in my college days. Cleveland's OCB still provides the food coma, but with fewer blue-hairs slowing up the line. Annnywaaay.....Sean busted himself in a bike crash today. We spent a very large portion of the day in the ER. Five hours, one broken hand, concussion, and messed up shoulder later, we were both STARVING since neither of us had eaten in about 7 hours. We'd always wanted to try OCB and today was the day since it was close, and large portions were in order. We both had the Brother Burrito, although I chose to skip the guac in mine. LOVE guac, but it just gets too goopy for me when it's inside the tortilla. Both burritos were huge, plenty of food for both of us. Sean chowed his in literally 3 minutes although I had to peel the foil for him and he was so hungry, I doubt he even tasted it. But he gave it a thumbs up (well, more like a club hand up.) He had both the guac and refried beans rather than black beans in his. Although it was pretty goopy, he found that the refried beans held everything together well. Mine was very tasty with black beans and no guac. The salsas are very good, the flavors balanced, and I found the carnitas to be excellent. Overall, we're fans of OCB. Nice local alternative to Chipotle and QDoba. Cruel (yet funny) irony of the day: OCB is right next door to a bike shop! We'll be back. Hopefully next time, neither of us will be broken.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2011,4/11/2012,97,533,3,6,8>Do you hate reviews that include the BS caveat "for Cleveland" as much as I do? Only a fool would throw that asterisk onto VTR. No, it's not "expensive, for Cleveland" and nor is it "pretty nice, for Cleveland." It's a world-class bar and you pay for a world-class experience. Obsessive attention to detail, relentless quality,  meticulous elegance, and a passion for what they do. If there's a foodie equivalent for bars for boozehounds like me, this is near perfection. Considering that you get the same treatment and excellence without the crowds, I'll go so far as to call their happy hour a bargain. This is one of the great establishments of the city.Carry on indeed, Paulius.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2011,4/10/2012,162,287,9,8,6>Awww, I heart Saigon Grille. It's super adorable inside. The staff is outrageously friendly and efficient. But I passionately dislike being called ma'am (unless it's by a boy that I'm ordering around).   Okay haters, don't shoot me but ...... Saigon Grille's bahn mi is *possibly* better than Superior Pho's! But don't worry -- their pho isn't better. So we can still be VietPhoSnobs and say, "Like Omigod! Superior's is like wayyyyy more authenic 'n stuff cuz I've like totally been to Vietnam like 10x!" Back to their pho. I liked it okay but the broth seemed to lack meaty flavor and had a bit too much cinnamon. Simply put, it was too sweet. And their noodles seemed to be a bit thinner than normal. I'd like to try some of the broken rice dishes next time. Some of the other reviews state that their portions are small. Hmmm, my portions were not small. The bahn mi was actually a bit larger than others in the area and the regular sized pho was plenty big -- enough for two large, overflowing bowls at home. Glad to see more restaurants popping up in Cleveland's Asia Town.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,4/9/2012,38,63,,5,3>Situated in the old Seitz-Agin Hardware Store, this wine and beer shop is a nice addition to the Cedar-Lee neighborhood. Besides Zagara's, which is a bit further afield from the main drag on Lee, this area has been seriously lacking in a good wine shop, and I hope to see the Wine Spot fill the void.The space seems dauntingly huge on first glance, but if you keep in mind that they feature tastings on a fairly regular basis it seems just right. The owners have done impressive renovations to the space, and the new look is clean and modern -- lots of shiny chrome and reworked A Piece of Cleveland surfaces, as well as displays made by local artists -- yet surprisingly comfortable and homey all the same. I like it here.The beer selection, in coolers, is pretty average. Your choices range among various craft brews, Yuengling, and seasonals. Nothing that really knocked my socks off, but still a good selection for the size of the store.  Beer snobs will not be disappointed!The wine inventory is the main focus here --hence the shop's name -- and doesn't disappoint. It's not a huge, overwhelming selection, but rather a very well-curated selection of wines in a variety of price points and, well, varietals. $12 bottles comingled with $50 bottles, arranged by region and grape. I found a lot of labels I wasn't familiar with yet as well as a few surprises that I love and haven't been able to find anyplace else (Selby Cabernet, for example).Haven't tried the tastings yet, but they seem to be turning up pn the shop's calendar with some frequency now that things are really in full swing. I'm definitely looking forward to checking these out in the future!
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,4/8/2012,37,274,3,3,2>I love Ohio City Dry Cleaners, not exactly close to Old Brooklyn but I have no problem taking my danties up there...I forgot her name but she is a doll and who doesn't love doing chores in Ohio city. I have had MANY bad experiences with getting my stuff dry cleaned but they do a great job so if you are near by, throw your crap in your car and stop in...Oh yeah...VERY reasonably priced....
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2012,4/7/2012,30,393,3,7,3>I stopped by The Hipp on a late Saturday afternoon to get some grub with my boyfriend.  Located in Mid Town Cleveland, next door to the Agora, in a space that has housed numerous other restaurants, The Hipp is in a part of town that could be described as in transition.  There are plans for more businesses, etc. to move in, but right now, it's not all that happening of an area.  Although it was the restaurant's opening week, I was surprised to find that we were the only patrons.  But that was fine.  More attention for us.Just like The Hipp's sister food truck - Umami Moto - there are plenty of vegan and vegetarian options.  I decided on the vegan carrot ginger bisque and an eggplant sammie.  The soup was absolutely incredible.  It was the perfect mix of carrot and ginger.  Some restaurants can be a little heavy handed with the ginger, but this soup was perfect.  My sandwich was delicious, if not overwhelming.  It consisted of fried strips of eggplant (but not the greasy kind you're imagining from an Italian restaurant) topped with the best roasted red peppers I've ever eaten.  The portion size was huge and the sandwich was accompanied by chips.  The sandwich was actually so large that I had a hard time eating it and I had to deconstruct it in order to prevent it from landing in my lap.  That's not a complaint.  I think the portion size was excellent for the money, actually.My boyfriend had a tuna blt that he's still drooling over, days later.  I'd definitely go back to The Hipp to try out more of their menu.  They have a happy hour that I'd like to check out, if I can make it from the east side in time. (although they do have happy hour on Saturday, also!) This restaurant is definitely worth checking out if you live/work in the area or are just looking for something a little different to try.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2011,4/6/2012,6,103,,4,4>This is what hipster feels like, but in a good way. The bar is stocked with a decent beer selection, the patrons aren't shy from trying out the orphaned pinball machines in the back, and plaid is suggested. It's dive-y enough to not care why you're there, but entertaining enough to bring you back. And, of course, the hot dogs are to die for. Bleu cheese cole slaw and garlicy escarole veggie dog, how I love thee!
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,4/5/2012,17,30,4,8,1>I've been here 5 times. Each time I loved it.  I even took my mom there.  WHAT THIS PLACE IS NOT: This is not Cozumel. This is not a place that features options 1 through 132, with each option being some unique combination of 6 frozen ingredients. This is not a place you can expect to be served 3 minutes after you order, because that's how long it takes to microwave it. This is not one of those places where you have to leave your jacket in the car because if you don't, it will smell like your fajita dinner for a few days.Let's start off with an analogy. Orale's salsas are as adventurous and delicious as the guacamole at Momocho, but unlike Momocho, it's free at the start of your meal.  And these are the salsas that they feature at their stand at the West-side Market (the ones that often sell out). If you're looking for some unconventional salsa (perhaps salsa spicy enough to haze someone with), Roberto (the chef/owner in the back) will whip one up for you.  Tips: Try the mango-habanero, the tomatillo, or the pinapple/mint/coconut salsa.  iOlé!But be sure to save some room - your supper hasn't even arrived yet. For dinner, I would recommend the beer battered avocado tacos or the mexi-ravioli.  Portions are smaller, but don't feel like your getting ripped off... you just scarfed some seriously delicious chips and salsa. And you can always get more. For a limited time, it's BYOB, although they've been approved for a limited beer and wine license which they should have sometime mid-2012. The restaurant is small but I've never had to wait. Even on a Saturday night.  Hurry and get there before this place becomes the hopping spot it's destined to be.iViva Orale!
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2012,4/4/2012,241,224,2,7,5>Oh my, oh my - I think I'm in love. My main weakness in life is anything with a lot of culture, especially if that culture comes along with a sassy owner with the best one liners in town! This place has been on my list to try for YEARS, but I never was able to.  I was thrilled to venture there during a company outing for our Supper Club (copying YELP's idea, of course!)  You truly feel like you've left Cleveland, and the country for that fact, when you walk into this place.  The architecture, decor, beer list - all resemble something a little old world.  To the food.  Lovely Margot told me I'd be stupid to not have the Weinerschnitzel on my first visit, so you know what I did? I listened to her.  I don't have much to compare this to, being that it was my first schnitzel - but YUM!  I highly recommend using the lemon that comes on top ... really brightens the dish up.  It comes with a heap of potatoes, and a salad with homemade dressing or their soup of the night.  The price is high for the neighborhood, but the amount of food you get is almost sickening.  You'll be taking one schnitzel home for sure! And dessert ... we all showed her how full we were, but she insisted - and we're glad she did.  The strudel was very good!   She brought out two, but cut it up into tiny pieces so we could each have a little sample.  It was the perfect way to end the meal.  I will be back for sure, and not just for the food.  I'm very intrigued that they have a Polka night.  What?  Accordion? Old Men teaching me out to Polka dance? - has to be a hilarious good time.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,4/3/2012,98,206,5,5,4>I call myself out here. I am completely ignorant when it comes to these kinds of cuisines. My experience with any food from south of the border is not much more than Taco Bell and my lentil tacos.An amigo unexpectedly making a cross-country visit for 48 hours: Perfect excuse to finally visit here ! It's located in a very unassuming previously Dairy Mart. As mentioned, there's no 'art' hanging on the walls or any that ambiance that you find in a "trendy" place. Damn right, this is a hole in the wall, how I like it. The tables and chairs are foldable, just as you ate lunch at the elementary school. They were out of tamarind juice [it was Christmas eve, so no biggie], but they had some rice drink, a bit bitter for me, but nice to try and my comrade who had it before said it tasted as expected. What the hell is a pupusa ? For only $1.80 each, they're pancake-like dough, made of corn grain, fried, about the size of a whoopie cushion, with the filling(s) of your choice. I opted for beans and cheese. They had the meal out in 20 minutes or so. The taco (also less than $2 each) was great. It's lettuce, finely chopped steak (and perhaps something else, I forget) in a fresh, fried tortilla. It also came with a very mild tomato-flavored sauce on the side. In the end, the 3 of us left with a bill of $26, completely full and satisfied. Like many other ethnic restaurants, there was a language barrier with our waitress and very limited English, and my horrible Espagnol. As a result, it was difficult to communicate our orders and also mention in a culturally appropriate manner that the bill was a dollar or 2 off then I realized after that great experience, it doesn't matter.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,4/2/2012,57,156,4,8,4>I accidentally stumbled onto the existence of Mr. Wonderful's while searching for Chicken and Waffle places in Cleveland a couple of years ago.  Since none of the locations were in my area, it took a while to make a visit. Once I was finally able to make the trip, I headed out to the Euclid location, only to arrive as the electricity for the whole block went out. Not to be deterred, I continued on to the Maple Heights location, and am so glad that I did.  The chicken AND waffles were both delicious.  The Sweet Jesus glaze really accentuated the savory crunchiness of the chicken, and the mac and cheese was, uh, wonderful, as well. I also couldn't resist the po' boy which was a tangy/spicy pile of sausage, sauce, fries, slaw, and heaven.Mr. Wonderful's is just that.  It's an out of the way treat for me, but when I'm able it's a trip I'm willing to make.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2011,4/1/2012,153,207,8,14,8>Dante Boccuzzi. He probably doesn't get as much notoriety in the CLE food scene as he should. Dante's social media presence isn't as strong as other celebrity chefs in this town. His restaurant isn't overwhelmed with hipster foodies who seem to have an ever growing voice in the local culinary scene. He hasn't yet challenged Bobby Flay to a throwdown, he hasn't authored a cook book and he he doesn't conduct many interviews. You see, while all the other chefs you hear about on TV and print media are running around, seeminly with all the time in the world trying to build their image, Chef Boccuzzi is in the kitchen with his chef's whites on and sleeves rolled up. He's working on not building an image, but perfecting his cuisine. If you need more proof that Dante is a well trained master of his craft, other than the glowing review that is about to follow, check his résumé. He's been classically trained at the CIA, has traveled around the world and has worked in some of the best restaurants in Italy, France, Hong Kong, San Fran and NYC. His mentors include Charlie Palmer and  "NOBU" Yuki Mastsuhisa. None of this, btw, I knew of before I recently dined in Restaurant Dante on three separate occasions, all within the last month. Following my love fest for what followed on these three nights, I was intrigued to find out more. It all makes sense now. Compliments to the chef! The first visit was with friends. We sat on the courtyard patio. We came here on a tip. After stuffing ourselves during a Lolita happy hour, we pried the bartender for a recommendation in the area for dessert. He didn't think twice. "Dante", he said. And Dante it was. A Chocolate Peanut Parfait and a Jar of Creme Brûlée later, we were in love. Words can't do this work of art justice. See my pictures as proof. It was as good as the images suggest. Better even. The second visit was on a random Friday night. With help and a very detailed introduction by our waiter, we ordered several courses. The menu is divided into 3 sections. Lighter bites (salad, fish and charcuterie). You can see the cured meat hanging behind a glass window through "the vault" (more on that later). The second section of the menu consists of starches. All of which can be ordered as a tasting, appetizer or main. The final part of the menu consists of entrée items, all anchored by meat, game or a substantial fish.On this night, we ordered the mussels. The highlight of this dish was the broth. It almost reminded me of veal stock. Silky, robust and meaty. It was so good, we slurped the bowl dry after the mussels were gone, one spoon-full at a time until there wasn't a drop left. Next, I ordered a tasting of the Linguine Carbonara with poached egg and house made pancetta. The tasting was a 4oz portion, which was perfect. The pasta came topped with a masterfully done poached egg, which I broke and scattered over the pasta. That and the salty cured meat made this dish heaven. Next, I opted for the Pepper Crusted Duck with toasted basmati, shitake, scallions and ginger mango vinaigrette. Again, heaven. For dessert, this time we shared the Chilled Lemon Souffle with toasted coconut, pineapple and margarita sorbe. Whoever does the pastries at this place is an artist. Colorful and abstractly presented. It was flawless and so was the flavor. Our third trip was our most recent one. We came for the happy hour. Sushi Rolls of spicy tuna and salmon three ways (raw, roe and skin) were ordered. As were an order of Edamame and Miso Mussels. All washed down with several martinis. The bill? A modest $30 and some change. A deal unlike any other in town. Now onto the sushi. It clearly was the best either one of us has had in the city. And not even by a close margin either. There's been a asterisk on the food scene in Cleveland for quite a while. It's a great food scene, mind you, sans the Sushi. Good sushi was previously non existent in this town. Not anymore. Dante, clearly has it down. And this makes me anticipate the soon to be opened modern Japanese restaurant Ginko, located in the basement of Dante, all the more.The food was divine and the service impeccable. That much is certain. But what also sets this place apart is the atmosphere. The space is a former bank. There's even a table set inside a vault. It's great to see how they were able to reuse some of the aspects of the previous space when transforming it into a restaurant. The crowd seems a little more refined than some of the other eateries around town. With that said, it's still very approachable and not too stuffy. In summarizing my experiences with Dante, I am excited to say, Cleveland does indeed have another gem on their hands. I was so blown away on my three recent trips here, I am adding it to my coveted Top 3 in the CLE list and bumping Greenhouse Tavern.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2011,3/31/2012,72,198,3,7,5>I had just learned about this establishment through the reviews of fellow yelpers, and their reviews are spot on!I was really surprised to see that besides being an eatery they also have a small section of their store set up as a grocery.  Basically, it's a few coolers stocked with their wonderful hummus, baba ganoush, tabouli, and other freshly prepared products.  You can get all of your basic greek/mediterranean fixings like grape leaves, feta, and a really impressive selection of ground spices.  They have a wonderful array of desserts to stuff down your gullet, too.Now onto the food.  The gyro I ordered was really good.  Great portion size, and the tzatziki sauce was heavenly!  You can tell they use the very freshest of yogurt to make this sauce.  (I ended up going back the following day and buying a tub of it in the grocery section!)I had also ordered the baba ganoush, and it had a great creamy consistency of pureed eggplant and scrumptious garlicky goodness.  While waiting for my food I was able to strike up a conversation with one of the proprietors and she explained to me that everything is done on the premises - save for some of the packaged/imported foods.  And there's no denying her claim either.  I was even able to take a peak into the kitchen, and it was immaculately spotless. Always a great sign.  My next visit will focus explicitly on the falafal - and you can bet that there'll be an update from me on those.While the dining area isn't anything to write home about as it consists of some tables with plastic table covers the main point to keep in mind is that you're there for the food.  The food here is the star.By the time I was walking out the door I couldn't help be feel like I was parting ways with a new extension of my family.Wonderful people making wonderful food.  And at the end of the day those are the main ingredients to any amazing meal.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2011,3/30/2012,13,43,5,9,7>I have been wanting to go to Deering Vintage for quite a while.  The last weekend I had off was evidently the weekend she moved, so I had to wait.  But oh, it was worth it.The space is very open and easy to shop.  I've been to my fair share of vintage boutiques, and they all seem to be varying degrees of cluttered.  Not here, though.  Everything is laid out & separated in ways that make sense.  I love the "Beauty Salon" wall with all the old mirrors.  She's got two sparkly jewelry cases, dressing rooms for trying on your fabulous find, and several racks of clothing separated by style.  Oh, and she now has an in-house seamstress, in case you need some alterations on your one-of-a-kind vintage garment.  Such a great idea, I don't know why more vintage places don't do this.I managed to contain myself, and only bought two items:  a spotless red canvas handbag & an old compact mirror.  Of the good things about this place, the best is probably the owner, Cindy.  She is really the sweetest person ever, and you can tell she loves what she does.  She's incredibly knowledgeable and if she doesn't have what you're looking for, she'll try to find it.  I hope she keeps this store open for a while, because I can't wait to go back!
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,3/29/2012,10,41,3,6,4>I was skeptical. But these are honest to God, great bagels! Its a bit of a hole in the wall, and I'm no snob. But I will go out on a limb and say that these are the best bagels I've ever had. I got the mish-mosh bagels and plain, went home, might I say, made epic bagel sandwiches. Friendly service too! Really nice lady helped me out. I'll never buy pre-packaged frozen bagels again. This place gets an A+!
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2012,3/28/2012,89,182,,6,5>This place is very good!  1st thing I want to Yelp is 2 lobsters $26. Need I say more.The lobsters are super fresh  I got to choose them.  Lets call them Jack and Diane.  Jack and Diane are no more because they are now in my stomach.  They were served in a ginger garlic sauce. Whole cloves of garlic, green onion, and ginger slices.  Yuuuuummmmmmmmmy. Asians sure know how do lobster. Next was the lamb stew it was pretty dam good. I went with a friend who is Chinese so he did the ordering. The lamb was cooked perfectly.  No gaminess, tender, melt in your mouth, brown sauce goodness. Nom nom nom.But wait there is more, We got some type of tofu dish in a brown sauce with some pea pods, onion, and a few other vegetables.  It was really good.  The tofu looked like scallops and it just melted in your mouth when you take a bite!  Again Asians know how to prepare tofu.  I do not believe in tofu unless it is in some sort of ginger garlic preparation and crap load of chili oil.  Gringos have no clue how to prepare this stuff!Pea Pod tops were delish as well; steamed with a light garlic sauce. One of my favorite Asian vegetables.The service was efficient for a brand new restaurant. One thin. that was funny is that I had some chili paste and the waitress said she needed it for another table. It kind of cracked me up!One of the servers spoke English well and he was pretty knowledgeable. . The manager from a well know town in Pennsylvania was very friendly and helpful.  I know I will definitely be back for more of my crustacean friends.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,3/27/2012,28,60,1,5,3>I am an unabashed beer fan and drinker. I'm a homebrewer, and given the choice, I'd drink beer at every meal (and I have). Thankfully, Rozi's is here to help those willing to go to a wine store for beer.The selection has grown steadily the last two years, and they keep a selection of Ohio beers, for those of us who like to keep it a little more local, as well as a great selection of Belgian and international beers for those of us who like to keep it a little different. Recently, they've even followed the trend of adding growler fills, as well. Nothing says love like a gallon of beer, friends.My one complaint: Organization. Here is this huge space, and it's both empty and cluttered as well. There aren't very many clear walking lanes, or clear paths from the back door to the register. I think they could use the space to their advantage a little better, and maybe even add in a bit more of a tasting area. That said, the wooden floors throughout are wonderful, and the store is always, always clean. If you're in Lakewood, and it's early enough (okay, another tiny complaint: I'd love for them to stay open later, since Simone's and the Mini Mart get a bit crowded as time goes by) get over to Rozi's, and just look around. Guaranteed you'll walk out with something.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,3/26/2012,44,53,1,5,3>Mandarin House has been one of my FAVORITE places to get Chinese food in Cleveland for over 10 years. The food is consistently fresh and delicious. Generous portions as you would expect from Chinese. The egg rolls are the best I've ever had and you can order vegetable ones with no problem.Over the years they have been expanding their vegetarian menu to include tofu dishes such as Teriakyi tofu, Ma Po Tofu, and General Tsos.  The non-tofu vegetarian dishes have always been very good. My friends and family never complain. My veg faves are the Curry Vegetables, lots of chopped vegetables over a bed of rice noodles in a light curry sauce, and the Hunan vegetables, lots of chopped veggies in a brown hunan sauce with rice. They also also have great pad thai and egg foo young dishes and they have brown rice on the menu!I can't say enough about the freshness and taste of the dishes compared to other chinese places. You get actual cut vegetables like broccoli, water chestnuts, carrots and bok choy. It's not just a lot of filler vegetables like onions and celery. The fried rice is fluffy not clumpy. The food is prepared to order. Presentation is always great. The staff is always very friendly and attentive. The prices are average for chinese food with some of the speciality items priced a little higher. The place is clean and been redecorated in the last few years.  I took my Grandma Helen here for lunch. She is very picky about freshness and cleanliness and this place passed the test. (She ordered the chow mein and enjoyed it very much). Bravo Mandarin House for a great meal again and again.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2011,3/25/2012,69,192,,6,3>This place is quaint and unassuming and I think that really helps them turn out quality wine.  Or, it might be the fact that they've been around since 1935.  Either way, they're doing something right because the wine here is really good, some of the best I've had in Ohio.  They're a little heavy-handed with the white wines but for red lovers they offer Cab Sauv, Cab Franc and Chambourcin as well as a smattering of rose.  Almost all of their whites are good, with the exception of the Chardonnay.  Flat and entirely way too much oak.  Skip it.  Their best whites, imo, are the Golden Chablis, Riesling and Pinot Grigio.  Also, this place is sooooooo inexpensive.  As in less than $10 bucks a bottle.  I had to stop myself from walking out with a case.  Also, can't complain about it being only 20 minutes away from downtown.  Klingshirn's only drawback is that you aren't going to get the traditional winery feel here.  There's no grand tasting room or sweeping views of the vineyard.  But, there is good wine.  If you're willing to shelve your expectations for what a winery should look like and instead focus on the fact that this place is turning out wine the way every winery should, you'll enjoy visiting...and tasting!
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,3/24/2012,6,71,,3,3>I am not an expert on Lebanese cuisine.  I can't tell you if the pickle & beet in my falafel pita is "authentic", but it's attractive, and darn tasty.  This might be a bit "exotic" for some palates, but sometimes it's just fun to go a little outside your comfort zone.Up first; fresh, warm pita with oil dip.  We split a falafel pita, and the "Taste of Taza" sampler plate.  That sampler is fantastic.  Everything looked and tasted delicious.  The grilled chicken breast was tender and moist- perfect.  Shwarma was very good, sliced super-thin and well seasoned, without the overly garlicky note you often get.  Yummy baba & hummus.I have to mention the fries that came with the falafel pita.  Honestly, these are the best fries I've had in a while.  I'd come here just for the fries!  There are plenty of vegetarian-friendly options.  I'm not a vegetarian, but I would not feel deprived eating a falafel sandwich here, not one bit.  We took home a piece of baklava.  Excellent.  Just enough honey to sweeten it, without it being drippy.  Great balance.So, great food,  casual elegant atmosphere, solid service.  Cheap?  No, but it's not extravagant.  I'm not going to whine that things here could be a dollar cheaper... Check it out, you'll enjoy it.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2011,3/23/2012,68,481,2,3,3>After discovering this place at the last Yelp shindig, I came back twice within 5 days, so I think I'm ready for a review!I'm in love with Lion. I really am. There's nothing wrong with this place other than the fact that it's so far from me. The staff is absolutely wonderful! I have never had such great service, whether behind the bar or in the kitchen. I feel like I've known them all forever and we're the best of friends! (It probably helps that I was here 3 times in a span of about 5 days...) Jason introduced himself the first time I came in and I could tell he really has a passion for this place. He has such a passion that he seems to have sought out the best of the best to serve his customers and, wow, did he do a great job!! The food. Dear Aslan, the food! The samplers at the Yelp party were enough to snag me, so upon returning, I tried the Arthur Treacherous. And, yes, it was treacherous. The entire sandwich was overwhelming, so I definitely had leftovers, but that didn't mean I didn't want to eat the entire thing! It came with a tasty pickle, too, so I was ecstatic! The jojos are also pretty fantastic--they're seasoned perfectly! And let's not forget those perfect little sweet potato tater tots; I've said it once before and I'll say it again: those things will make Lion famous one day. At least in my world. I also tried the soft pretzel and the parmesan popcorn (I can't resist popcorn and you rarely see it all dolled up on a menu in a bar). This popcorn was perfection and so tempting that when we skipped away to play the jukebox, our bar neighbor swiped a handful! He's lucky I want to share the tastiness of Lion with everyone, otherwise he'd be paying a price for stealing my delicious corn! And, finally, the kicker for me: The bathroom stall doors! Saloon doors? You've got me hooked, Lion!
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,3/21/2012,271,526,4,6,4>What a beautiful building and really well laid out. I found everything I needed and the sign up process was quick and easy. My *only* suggestion (not even a complaint, really) is in the a/v space. If the DVDs aren't going to be organized alphabetically aside from the first letter of the title, perhaps stack them vertically so people aren't craning to read the titles through 500 square feet of shelving. And regarding the CDs, same goes. File them spines up so people can cruise them from a birds eye view rather than flip each and every disc *clack*clack**pause*clack*clack*clack*clack*, etc.I requested two DVDs be put on reserve and upon looking them up, the woman told me they'd gone missing. But no matter, replacements would be ordered that day and she'll call me when they come in. Handy!
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2011,3/20/2012,88,79,1,14,11>Outstanding(EPIC) + 6 Out-of-Towers / Cold Rainy Night = 5 Stars.See? It's really just about the math.I'm working at Forest City now, as some of you may know, and for the last week I've been at NAO, the New Associate Orientation for the company. They fly in all of their people across the country to Cleveland, for a special integration into their policies and such at their headquarters at Tower City.Anyway, my local self was challenged to find a great spot to go to, which would make 2 people from L.A., 2 people from Philly and 2 people from Dallas happy. And I knocked it out of the park, with the help from the new Crop Bistro.If you've ever wished you could jump through the TV and enter a Film Noir movie, with late night dinners on the balcony of Grand Central Station while you wait for your contact, this is the place for you. I hear what my pal Matty Cleveland is saying, in regards to missing the old space and its homi-ness. My grandmother thought the same thing when she moved from her house to her condo. It's a common issue.I'll not gush too much, but 3 of the 7 total people claimed to have the best meal of their lives. Two of those folks ordered the Ohio Rib-eye. Also epic was the chicken and waffles (trust me and the wait(er)(ress)...they'll recommend it too). The sides were PERFECT, my rib-eye came with mashed potatoes and brussels sprouts. The lovely Bonnie from L.A. was the other rib-eyer, and as previously noted, she claimed it was the best steak ever. I concur.The bar set-up is really nice. We all chilled there while they modified a couple tables into a 12-top for us, and didn't even complain when the rest of our group didn't show (they didn't make it out of Great Lakes Brewing Company). The hostess was incredibly pleasant, and made eye contact and actually listened. You might ask, "What if the people I bring there are incredibly boring, and if I listen to one more word they say I'll throw a glass of water in their face? What THEN??"Well, just ignore them and watch the kitchen. It's completely visible from most tables, and provides a neat little side-event.The main event is the decor and natural features of the incomparable space, which is the grand lobby of a former bank. Ornate 30 to 40 foot high ceilings (that's not really an exaggeration), original restored murals on the wall, and gigantic green-marble pillars are just a few of the highlights. The interesting thing is, in the great open space, it remained remarkably moderate as far as noise levels. There was a champagne party of business-guys/future Hustler-goers at the next table, and we barely heard them.An incredible experience.Don't just ask me though, ask my new friends from 3 corners of the U.S., who will never look at Cleveland the same again. Nice job, Crop. You rep the 216 with style.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,3/19/2012,63,147,,6,4>Strip maybe a transplanted Michigan barn in Avon, but step inside and you will discover a multi-tiered schick modernist eatery. My visit of Strip was for my 5th year wedding anniversary which I mentioned while making the reservation via Opentable via Yelp.   I am not one to casually give a 5 star to an establishment, but 'Strip' really did outshine in every aspect of our visit - ambiance, service, food, and experience.The ambiance is one of casual, quaint, somewhat darker & formal feel especially in the upper level.  The lower level has a more informal feel with a small bar.  Given the historic architecture of it being a barn,  don't expect it to be naturally lit nor many windows.  What Strip misses out in the natural lighting it does make up in the modernist and airy interior decor.  One can tell, Strip's interior decoration works around the barn rather than hide it.The service for my visit was of superior quality.  We walked in to be greeted by 3 lovely hostesses one of whom was prompt to greet us with a "Happy Anniversary" greeting.  This told me that they are attentive to the reservation notes customers put in.  This is great in my opinion.   We were waited upon by Amanda, a very attentive, prompt, and very courteous member of wait staff.  She took her time in taking us through their menu, and items not on their menu as well as their specials.   In each description of items - she was enthusiastic and I could tell she really knew each dish well.  She helped us pick just the right items per our wants.  Frankly, much because of Amanda, we felt our dinner choices were just right to what we wanted.  This is the mark of an A+ service.  For those who have the unfortunate experience with service, ask for Amanda upon arrival & I am also told the management is now very attentive to customer feedback around their service.The food - the steak were the highlight of Strip, and they absolutely blow your taste-buds.  Even when cooked medium-well, my steak came with the perfect portion of moist & lightest pink in the center.  I chose my steak with Chipotle Lime butter.  We had Lobster Pasta & Edamame Succotash - Chef Dano's signature take on this dish.  We finished with banana-chocolate Trifle.   Let me say that every single dish came with mouthwatering taste and left me wanting more.   I had their Five-O drink.  This is a not-sweet-not-bitter elixir that goes down easy.  Our experience couldn't be better.  We will surely return.  Thank you Strip for making our visit special.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2011,3/18/2012,62,160,3,8,3>I've flown, a LOT....been into almost every kind of airport you can imagine since I have my commercial pilot's license.  And CLE, is, well, a pretty good airport.  It's not huge, but it's very functional for the size of the population that it serves.Been into a lot of the huge airports around the world, and I tell you, I'd rather fly out of CLE any day of the week than deal with the hassle of some of the big players.  You can't really beat a 5 minute wait to get through security!I've only ever experienced one delay here and it was because ORD had bad weather and they weren't letting anyone in (just a tip, if you can avoid ORD, do it, one of the worst airports in the USA).You usually have to walk forever to get out of the airport from your gate, but really, that just gets you some good exercise after you've been sitting on your butt for hours in the plane.Loses one star because it doesn't really have any options for places to get a decent coffee outside of the secured area if you want to sit down with a loved one before they leave.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,3/17/2012,128,94,3,5,4>Can I give this place like 27 gazillion stars? I am in LOVE. Legit.Really I was sold when I walked through the door and was greeted immediately by the gorgeous décor - piiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnkkkk, black, wood floors, a sparkly sign that says BE FABULOUS, sweet looking jazzy ceiling lamp, super snazzy chocolates, shelves of wine and craft beer!!! Looks like how I want to decorate any house I'll ever live in. Seriously. The place is gorgeous. I probably looked like a fool but I started snapping pictures like the paparazzi. Whatev, they were cool about it.Upon asking my twenty million questions, as per usual, I found out that they do wine/beer and chocolate tasting events (on weekends maybe? could be all week, I'm not sure - sorry, I wasn't paying enough attention bc I was drooling over chocolates and freaking out over all the PINK). And they also offer individual like anytime treats (I think they had a lambic float while we were there), but they're limited on how much they can serve you due to their liquor license. An important thing to remember is that Lilly staff will provide you with wonderful suggestions for wine/beer and chocolate pairings so you can take home a little slice of Lilly heaven. You can also check out some of their suggested pairings under the "Meet the Chocolates" section of their website.The place is so great because (well aside from the facts that the chocolate is divine, the owners are great, and the place is straight snazzy) well, it had things that attract both males and females. Just to get one of my friend's husbands to enter the store was like pulling teeth but when he saw the shelves of IPA's, Porters, and Lambics he was sooooold!Yes, the chocolates are pricey - but they're fancy looking and well worth the cost. A box of 12 assorted will run you around $23 bucks.My faves (they're a must try) are the Schweetie Pie | vanilla bean butter caramel, roasted almonds, white chocolate and the Frou Frou | Sicilian blood orange, freeze dried passion fruit, white chocolate.This place just has such great energy and it has CHOCOLATE - quick, go NOW!
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,3/16/2012,105,146,1,2,2>As a graduate student, I am always in search of an oasis of decently priced java and a relatively quiet place to work. Enter Mocha Joes which is 5 minutes from my apartment and 10-15 min from Kent State campus. The place is quite large and has lots of outlets (also a big point for graduate students lugging laptops). If I don't want to work in my office on campus, Mocha Joes and/or Scribbles in Kent are the best places for me to put the head to the grindstone. They have plenty of comfy couches, tables, and chairs, as well as a fireplace. The coffee selections seem endless as there are 3-4 boards worth of choices. This helps with my somewhat ever-changing mood and tastebuds. Somedays, it's a chai. On others, it's a cappucino. Both are done well here, and they don't burn their espresso beans (a HUGE pet peeve of mine with a certain gianormous chain). The point off comes from the inconsistent service. A couple of girls that work at the front seem to have a little bit of a 'tude, but everytime it's been this one younger guy working there he is always super friendly. If you're in the Stow/Kent area, and don't want to be surrounded by undergrads or want to get away from campus, I recommend trying Mocha Joe's.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2011,3/15/2012,19,287,2,4,2>Taste of Kerala is a GREAT value.  Its a excellent option for dinner/lunch if you don't feel like cooking and want something quick and homecooked.  Super cheap, you can have dinner with leftovers for $10 or less.  I tried the chicken biryani and a samosa. The samosa was excellent. The biryani was good and I would order it again.  I would describe it as a feel good, hits the spot type of meal.  Its a very casual informal TAKEOUT ONLY type of place.  Samosa gets 5 starsChicken Biryani a solid 3.5 stars.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/5/2011,3/14/2012,70,153,2,9,7>***EDIT: This place is closed and has been taken over as a run of the mill Chinese takeout called Hunan ONE.***This isn't your typical takeout restaurant. Sure, the Chinese menu looks like that would be the case, and even the generic name may have you fooled, but flip the menu over and you have an entire menu dedicated to Japanese cuisine. I was hesitant about ordering Japanese food from a place like this, but I went out on a limb and don't regret it one bit.I always order the Katsu Don, which is deep fried pork cutlet over a delicious combination of scrambled egg, onion, pickled radish, and steamed Japanese rice. It comes with a bowl of miso soup and a side salad with ginger dressing. Let me just say I've tasted a large variety of foods many times and in large quantities, but this is one of my top five favorite dishes. Everything comes together perfectly. EVERYTHING. I've tried Katsu Don at other restaurants in the Cleveland area and they just can't match the quality of Asian Garden's. The miso soup is pretty good, the salad was average, but the ginger dressing was phenomenal.... plus they give you a more than sufficient portion for your side salad. I could probably drink that stuff straight from the cup.To be honest, I haven't tried anything else on this side of the menu, so I can't convince you that anything else here is as good. They do carry a wide variety of popular Japanese dishes. They have other Don Buri dishes, as well as noodle dishes, teriyaki, tempura, and sushi. They even have gourmet sushi on the menu (the large rolls with several ingredients). If they could somehow pry me away from the Katsu Don, I would definitely try other things.I've tasted a few dishes from the Chinese side. It wasn't terrible, but after having so much Chinese takeout from different places, all of it kind of blends together... especially if you get the more Western dishes, like your sweet and sour or sesame chicken.Can't comment too much on service, as I've only ordered takeout every time. No messed up orders, and they were prepared in a timely manner. Not much else to say there.Pricing is reasonable.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,3/13/2012,150,222,4,3,3>It's Swenson's what more can you ask for?  It's a drive up and park, car hop throwback to the kind of places my mom and pop would come on a date.  It's fast food, and done really well.  The Galley Boy is the thing of legends on par with the peanut butter burger at Berden's.  Double Cheese Burger, olive garnish, special sauce and...tartar sauce.  I'd go without the BBQ-esque sauce and stick with the tartar solo.  However, just like the peanut butter works at Berden's the tartar does wonders for this treat.  The fries?  okThe shakes?  AwesomeThe potato teezers?  awesomeIt may not be a Romanburger but...oh just kidding Mr. Hero is dog food next to this fast food area original.  If you have never been do yourself a favor and drive south to check out one of their multiple locations.  Make sure to tip those runners well too because I have never seen servers bust ass like they do.  Happy 75th anniversary Swenson's!!!
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,3/12/2012,167,334,5,7,3>Have I mentioned that I heart dive bars?  Yep, that's right...I'm a high-class broad who loves to get her dive on.The Oriole rocks.  This might be the weirdest combination of old-man bar meets college coed.  Of course, then you fit in the high-class broad (moi), and whoa, you've got a PARTY!The booze is cheap, they make a mean Irish car bomb, and did I mention the jello / pudding shots that change weekly and have seasonal flavors?  I love the mint-chocolate pudding shot.  Don't knock the jello / pudding shot, Susie makes 'em STRONG!  Too many of those puppies and they'll knock you on your rear!I love the Oriole for so many reasons.  Bob the owner is often found floating through the bar and making popcorn (I love the free and tasty popcorn!) and jumping in on your conversation.  The people are generally friendly and I can't say I've ever had a bad time here.Swing on down, get yourself a Pabst...or a pitcher (Heck, its only $4!), enjoy a burger...(those are good too) and ENJOY!
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,3/11/2012,263,228,8,11,6>carpet cleaner catwill you remove cheetah pee?from cheetah girls, sure.Having been very disappointed by my previous carpet cleaning service at a location that shall remain nameless, I was looking for a new professional carpet cleaner that specializes in commercial applications.  I contacted Cheetah from their website.  The next day, a gentleman came by to measure and bid the job.  The price was very fair, and actually slightly less than my previous carpet cleaner.  I scheduled the cleaning for this morning, but was also given 4 different scheduling options.The Cheetah truck showed up exactly on time.  So far so good.  The same man that came out to bid the job was also the technician.  He came with an assistant as well.Even though it is not a particularly large space, they took almost 3 hours to clean the carpet.  The result was spectacular.  The carpet looks like new, even in the heavily traveled areas.  The also use a blower/fan to quickly dry the carpet.The funkwater that they extracted was heinous.  It looked like road tar.  When they finished, I took out a white handkerchief and rubbed it on the carpet.  It stayed white.  I took my hanky to the highest traffic area and really dug it into the carpet.IT. STAYED. WHITE.Look no further.Carry on...
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2012,3/10/2012,33,55,1,1,1>I was really excited to try Lizardville, and they didn't disappoint. I'm a fairly regular visitor to The Winking Lizard location next door, and am a big fan of everything about that place. So, Lizardville seemed a logical place to try next.In terms of booze, the selection here is second to none. La cave du vin was Cleveland's reigning king of beer selection until Lizardville came to town, and when you add the insane amounts of scotch, whiskey, and bourbon they carry here, it's not even close. In my inaugural visit here, I had a Rochefort 8 beer and a Talisker scotch. I had never had either before, and they were both excellent.I'd describe the food as high-class bar food. We partook in a margherita pizza, a sausage and cheese board, chicken wings, and angus beef sliders with havarti cheese. The highlights were definitely the sausage and cheese board, and the sliders. While the Winking Lizard next door makes some of the best wings on the planet, the wings here are breaded, fried and not nearly as good as the non-breaded variety at The Winking Lizard. They should stick to what they know, if you ask me.The service was a little spotty and they seemed to be rather understaffed. It wasn't horribly busy, but there were a fair amount of people in both the bar and dining room, so the two or three servers present weren't nearly enough.Other than that, though, this is a great place for a leisurely happy hour with high-class booze, and some pretty good cuisine.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2012,3/9/2012,24,28,1,2,1>I am a big fan of this place and its been growing on me more and more. I have noticed the prices going down on a decent amount in the last year or so which is a good thing. Great place for organic produce. Almost exclusively get my apples and beats for juicing here.Their selection of ready made / frozen food has been getting very impressive, and affordable. Just last week I picked up a package of frozen ravioli for under $5 and was able to cook 2 meals with it. Who said organics/gluten free can't be affordable!Their selection of supplements and person products are OK, and a little pricey in my opinion, but the staff is friendly, helpful, and not too pushy.(Sorry veggies) but I do like meat, and theirs is growing on me as well. Got some free range chicken breasts a few weeks back, ran me almost $2 more than the grocery store, but I think it was well worth it (I'm not that good of a cook!)It's a little far from my place but I definitely stop by any time I'm in the area. Definitely recommended for any health conscious persons in Cleveland/Lakewood.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,3/8/2012,30,204,12,15,12>What a wonderful park this is. It is shameful that the state does not spend a cent to plant a flower or add a restaurant. Even small cities located on any body of water invest in improving their waterfronts. But this review is my commendation for Edgewater and not a condemnation of government. This is in the city and perhaps those of you who live in the outlying burbs will find way too much diversity for your tastes. Other reviews support my claim as the writers focus on one aspect they find contrary to their WASP standards. They do not see the big picture. I have walked the path leading from the lot next to Perkins Beach down the slopes to the beaches of Edgewater with my collie. I often sit at a picnic table on the bluff overlooking the lake watching kites color the sky with downtown Cleveland looking like an island in the background. Sailboats and jet skis ride the waves as people fish from the pier. In winter I feel like I am in a Swedish black and white movie. The sky, the lake, and the beach are shades of gray. The bare trees look black against the snow and fog. I appreciate our climate in the spring where pale green plants begin to take over. Fall is yellow poplars growing from the sand. Summer means more people and more activities. As I sat eating my lunch or reading a book on a bench down by the concession stand I have known Cleveland. Recently I saw a group of Amish girls sitting on the rocks by the lake carrying plastic Igloo lunch coolers. I have seen African Americans set up for a day at the park. They bring tents, lounge chairs, and coolers and baskets filled with food they prepared in huge quantities. Old ladies and babies are at tables. The men are at the barbecue grates and the women are uncovering casseroles. I have seen Puerto Rican families pushing tables so their extended family can sit together with bowls and platters of food spread from one end of the table to the other. I have seen Vietnamese men catch fish they take to women who wait by woks heating on grills. Gay men have grilled steaks, tossed salads and eaten on a picnic table covered with  a madras cloth. I also saw white women and their children carrying bags from fast food restaurants finding tables where they eat quickly and leave. Edgewater Park is a wonderful place.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,3/7/2012,45,266,,9,3>I totally agree with Katie D about this place not being overpriced at all. This is my favorite grocery store of all time. It is the perfect balance. While Trader Joe's is fun and inexpensive, it is too small for a true shopping trip where I need quite a few bulk or household items. While Whole Foods is large enough for this type of shopping it is very expensive. They didn't go nuts on having all sort of stipulations about their food but do adhere to (in my opinion) the big ones. I think this helps to keep the prices reasonable. Their produce is great. It really is the same price as Giant Eagle for a much better product. I know because I forgot a couple ingredients and went to a Giant Eagle and compared directly. And if you register for emails on their website or their texting thingy then they have great coupons. I love the expansive hot and cold bars for in-store eating. Gives me a chance to try a small little amount of things I wouldn't want to commit to and test them out. Also am loving the incorporation of local products in a lot of places around the store. They have a giant section devoted to kind of herbal remedies, pills, natural supplements, etc. Not really into that myself but they do have it.I look forward to going to the grocery here.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,3/6/2012,117,10,6,6,6>I have been eyeballing Soho since they opened, I'm just down the street.  I've been dying to go there. There's grits in that thar restaurant and I've been fixing to git me some.  I come from hillbilly stock on my mom's side. My friend and I met there at six on a Tuesday night. The bar was filled but we were the only table in the dining room. Misty was our waitress and she was just fine.  We didn't have cocktails, my friend is very pregnant and I just wasn't in the mood.  Instead I had honey lemonade and it was sweet and refreshing.  Misty brought us biscuits while we were looking at the menu. Biscuits like my granny used to make.  Good southern biscuits with 4 ingredients, no need to doll up a biscuit.  Served with a lightly sweetened butter and some jam.  Deelish.  We both got the same entree, shrimp, mushrooms, and asparagus over GRITS.  It was heavenly.  The grits were almost the consistency of mashed potatoes and out of this world.  Had I been in the privacy of my own home I would have licked my plate.  But I'm a lady in public.  Misty was very attentive but not cloying.  She suggested pecan pie for dessert but we were both satisfied.  The portion size of our meal was just right. By the time we go up to leave the restaurant was more than half full.  Next visit I'm trying one of the Po Boys and the cheesy grits appetizer.  I loves me some grits.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2011,3/5/2012,13,33,2,2,3>What do you look for in your favorite bar?  Solid, tasty drinks at a good price?  Wide range of tempting food for the empty to nearly-full stomach?  Bartenders with a personality and the memory to remember you time and time again?  Or maybe it's the fellow clientele that make the friendly, down home experience for you?  Whatever you're looking for, Johnny Mango's has it.  Granted, I mildly insult them by calling them a "bar," but I feel as though I will make it up to them in repeated visits.  If you're a non-believer, go during happy hour on a Tuesday.  Get yourself one - ok, two - margaritas and three tacos.  Chat up the staff.  Notice everyone enjoying themselves. And then walk out with a total bill of $10 (assuming you're tipping 25% on this absurdly under-priced meal).   I DARE you to go and not want to go back every week!
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2011,3/4/2012,59,86,3,2,3>Best airport ever. i'll pay a bit more to fly from CAK instead of CLE.Parking is cheap, and (unlike CLE) is in a decent area of town, so I don't have to spend my trip worrying about whether my car is going to be there when I return home. The TSA line sometimes takes a while to get through, but it's still a reasonable length of time. I can't stand people with strollers, but that's more of a general thing. Maybe I just hate kids? But I digress...Food choices aren't that great, and I can't walk past the Cinnabon stand without chuckling to myself and thinking of the Louis CK bit about Cinnabon.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,3/3/2012,63,142,1,2,1>The Akron Zoo seemed like the little zoo when I was growing up. If we wanted to check a zoo out, we'd head to Cleveland or Columbus. Now, living in Akron with our 7 year old son, we've been members of the Akron Zoo for 6 years. We love it!The exhibits are fresh and engaging. The zoo itself is always clean, safe and full of fun activities.The other benefit is that it's more of a half-day excursion. We can drive there in 10 minutes and see everything we want to see in 3 hours.My only complaint is the exit through the gift shop. What a drag to look at every possible animal stuffed animal on the planet when you've been in the sun for 3 hours and you're hungry!Check out the zoo if you haven't been there recently and if you have, go more often!
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,3/2/2012,178,155,3,7,8>A little ol' fashioned ice cream love for Cleveland.I love this place!If you have enough capital, it's not hard to open up a bar or restaurant. What I appreciate most are the people that take the time and possess the passion to really put their heart and soul in a place. To make something that will stand out with every detail. This is Sweet Moses.The vintage look and feel are for real. Every antique item serves a function. They are not just there for decoration. I'm guessing the specs on the (tiny) counter stools were made for shorter, thinner bodies of yesteryear as well. My 5'10" frame had to sit sideways to fit. Next time, a table ;)The regular (2 scoop) hot fudge sundae I had was excellent. The house-made ice cream and hot fudge was super yummy...and at $5, the price was decent as well.I got some sweets to go. The lemon bar tastes just like mom's. Super tart, just the way I like it. I also got some filled chocolate "cups". At $2 each, they are a bit steep, but I hear they use Belgian Chocolate. These aren't Reese's cups! My only complaint was that the dark chocolate was really hard on the mint one I tried. It just smashed when I tried to bite it and was a bit messy to eat from the oozing filling. But hey, I like to nit-pick ;)Sweet Moses is a seriously cool joint that I will be frequenting!!
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,3/1/2012,128,99,5,6,3>While looking for apartments around Cedar Fairmount, we noticed Luna Bakery Cafe open for business. We dropped in for a late brunch on a Sunday afternoon. When you first walk in, you can't help but notice the amazing assortment of delicious baked goodies. Cookies, tarts, brownies, macaroons, and cupcakes. They also have a variety of savory/sweet crepes and panini's. I ordered the genoa salami + mortadella panini with potato chips. My girlfriend had the sauteed mushrooms crepe. Both very good, but I really enjoyed the panini. I thought the banana peppers was a good touch. After losing a bet, I bought her a victory dessert. I can't remember exactly, but it was something like a raspberry flour-less chocolate cake. Very delicious and gluten-free. I would definitely go back. The location gets really good natural light and I love the outdoor seating. They offer free wi-fi as well.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,2/29/2012,342,426,2,10,8>Sushi heaven. Finally. Some place around CLE that actually has good sushi (bleh for all the other places), and omg, why are there no other yelpers who have been here? It's GREAT for sushi! Plus, if you want free produce, it's right next to Miles Farmers Market.I've been on the hunt for sushi. I agree with the past yelp review- this place is definitely authentic. We walked into the friendly restaurant and sat at the sushi bar.Took one look at the menu and definitely knew it was authentic. The waitress asked us if we wanted normal sodium soy sauce or low sodium soy sauce. Hmm... nice to have the option. We ordered the sashimi lunch option- 4 different types of sashimi+ rice+ soup for around 14 dollars. And wow, it was fresh. FRESH. It had the ika, maguro, saba, .and 2 others (they added a fifth one). But wow, that's some fresh fresh sashimi.We also ordered the shinano maki- hamachi, unagi, crabmeat, masago, and japanese pickles. It was HUGE- but well packed, nicely presented, fresh, and just plain good. YUM.If I need a sushi fix that's way better than any place in Cleveland and super authentic, I'm definitely going back to Shinano. YUM. YAY for FRESH sushi!
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2011,2/28/2012,97,170,3,3,3>Great place to hang out with friends or study. They have free wifi there and plenty of great eats. (i.e baked goods, buns, bubble tea, dessert, etc). Expect to pay a little extra than your average Asian market store - they make their buns on their own and usually is more healthy. I haven't tried thier bubble tea yet but heard it was good so I'll get that next time. I ordered their Korean shaved ice and it had the shaved ice, red bean, choice of ice cream flavor (strawberry, chocolate, vanilla), cocunut milk (I think), and some fresh fruit. It was good as always. There were samples laid out as well, many to choose from. The sponge cake I had as a sample was really good: soft and not too sweet. Other than that, the place is cute and they play some nice up to date music - Jay Chou! Located right across from Seoul Hot Pot and in the Korean plaza.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,2/26/2012,140,180,4,6,5>Finally!Every time I pass this place it is either closed or has one vanilla cupcake left. ( I don't waste calories on vanilla.)  It's completely my fault.  I'm usually there fairly late for dinner or the Art Walk or something else that gives me the vague feeling of retaining my perceived hipness.So, I was finally in Tremont midday hoping that Kim Crow and Cynthia Deering could make me look absolutely fabulous and lo and behold--a plethora, a veritable myriad of flavors!!!!  Joy!The cake part was incredibly moist and dense.  the frosting was just right-- flavorful, but not too sweet, and not too much of it.  I had salted caramel-- salty, chocolate , caramel mouthgasm.  I got a signature cupcake for Herself-- she lurrrrved it.This place far outstrips any of the other cupcake places around.  AND the service is very pleasant, unlike Main Street.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2012,2/25/2012,95,51,3,3,3>Going to Grum's used to be a weekly occurrence at my house, but for some reason a few years passed without visiting even though I live just minutes away. I have now started going frequently again! Anytime my mom doesn't feel like cooking, I'm chiming in with "I'll go pick up some subs if you want!" (Obviously grabbing Grum's beats cooking dinner every single time). Pretty much your only option with Grum's is take out because they don't have tables or chairs to eat at. So I always call ahead because then I don't have to sit there and wait. My only complaint is that even though I call ahead and come to pick it up when they tell me to, pretty much every time the order isn't ready. But other than that, they make THE BEST SUBS you can get in Cleveland Heights. PS. The subs are ENORMOUS I always go with the half size and still have leftovers.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2012,2/24/2012,31,199,,3,2>I am so, so happy to update this review!  Just a few days after I posted my last review I got a message from the owner, Chris.  He was generous and offered a credit if I called back.  Tonight we ordered the meatball and Italian grinders and the fried pickle chips because I *LOVE* fried pickles.  Yum-oh!  There was a sweet girl on the phone who was very attentive with taking my order.  I was quoted 45 minutes to an hour but it arrived after an hour and 5 minutes.  The fried pickle chips came with a side of ranch and were crispy, not soggy.  So tasty!  Their grinders are huge!  I could only eat half of the Italian one but I'm looking forward to the other half for lunch tomorrow.  I tried a bite of the meatball sub which was also quite yummy.  Check this place out!
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,2/23/2012,99,376,4,7,5>This brewery is quite diverse for a small microbrewery.  Located in the former location of the Burkhardt Brewery, Thirsty Dog has plans to increase production at their current site (source:  a tour I got).Yes, they do give tours (as I just said).  You have to contact them to receive one.  They also have a tasting room, but their hours are quite odd.  They're open Wednesday-Saturday, and close at 8 pm on Fridays and Saturdays.However, this is a brewery and not a brew-pub, so you've been warned (translation:  no food).  Pints are $4, while samples are $1.  Many of their beers are strong, so unless you think yellow license plates are a cool thing, you're better off getting a designated driver.  Their seasonal beers are better than Great Lakes, although I think that Bell's makes better seasonals.  Their other beers are varied, and what I like might not be what others would, so I won't review those.  I personally enjoy Siberian Night and Cerberus Belgian Tripel.This is one of Akron's hidden gems.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,2/22/2012,145,54,4,5,6>ADORE.The very moment I walked through this boutique's doors, I was very impressed. Visually: the space and merchandise were all class. Feminine sophistication.Service: attentive and bubbly. Warm, genuine, and enthusiastic.Price Point: refreshing and realistic. Most everything I looked at (tops, dresses, jeans) were well under $100.On this particular visit, I didn't have much time to spare, but a uniquely pretty strapless dress caught my eye. Although I didn't see my size, one of the girls working knew that a mannequin in the display window had just what I wanted - and quickly took down and brought the dress in my size over to me.I loved the dress and modeled it briefly, mentioning I wished my husband could "okay" it. . .the sweet girls helping me asked where my husband was (he was outside on a bench) and what his name was ("Oh, his name is Jose, there can't be too many of those walking around Hudson!") - before I could barely respond, my husband was there in front of me smiling and telling me I had to get the dress.Wonderful experience. Go to this boutique for some fun, on-trend clothing and accessories. Cannot wait to go back.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,2/21/2012,70,110,,3,3>Couldn't have asked for a better dinner! We went back here for Valentines Day dinner and it was excellent. We had reservations and the table was ready and the service prompt. We started with the fried calamari and roasted red peppers. Very good, not my favorite but still good. I then enjoyed their Lobster bisque and dunked their great bread into the soup. It was perfect. Not to thick and full of flavor. I ordered the Tuscan grilled shrimp carbonera and my date ordered the port seared scallops and risotto. I was very impressed with both. Her dish was actually much better than mine. The port sauce was great and the spinach risotto was almost perfect. My shrimp and garlic cream pasta was very good but I have really come to enjoy risotto and the scallops with the other dish were cooked just right. The service was very good especially on a busy night like that. 5 stars for sure!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2011,2/20/2012,137,196,3,4,2>We are really lucky to have this valuable resource right here in Cleveland. I do not get the opportunity to go a lot, but when i do i look forward to picking up some Smokies, a gyro from Steves, some pasta, Ribs, Steak and those amazing dried strawberries from Menas Produce. There are no frills and it is a straight up market. I am not sure what makes the experience so nice for me, perhaps the look and smell of the building when you are inside. I mean where else can you get a mixture of Canolis, smoked pork, crepes, produce and cotton candy all in the same room?My main issue with the WSM is that i spend entirely too much and i buy a whole bunch of stuff i really don't need. Parking has never been an issue for me and i feel safe there. There are several really good restaurants nearby within walking distance and the neighborhood is very entertaining. If you have lived here a while and haven't been here yet, you really should. If for no other reason, the people watching is first rate!
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,2/19/2012,215,36,4,8,7>I don't read comic books, I don't understand them, I don't collect them, or anything else of that nature...however, my boyfriend is into them, like really into them...like plans his work schedule around "New Release Wednesday" into them....I am a good girlfriend and when I feel like he is being a good boyfriend I like to buy him little presents to show him, you know, that I care...My new favorite thing is to purchase him comic books...Everyone at Carol & John's are super nice to me! like crazy nice! by using his purchase history and remembering him and what he likes they are  always able help me find something awesome to surprise the bf with! They know I don't know a thing about comics, but they still treat me with respect and kindness, and have never made me feel like an outsider! One time i asked to pick up a book, i botched the title soooooo bad that John (of Carol & Johns) had me call home to talk to him to make sure he was able to find me the right book! It was amazing how awesome they were to me even with me being completely clueless! Even another customer tried to help! The shop is always super neat and organized, and they have cute little fun events throughout the year! Mexican-themed Free Comic Book Midnight Release? Count. ME. In.! I also thoroughly enjoy that they had a little section for kids! Its probably the cutest thing ever! and full of things I am considering to read! I mean, you gotta start somewhere, right?
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2011,2/18/2012,88,296,7,5,4>Before going my bf told me to google "Tom Hanks" + "Patty's Tacos"I did...and umm...Tom loves Merry-Arts?  I've been to Merry-Arts plenty of times.  They have live music, lots of TVs (including some that are at your booth) and good beer/drink specials.  What I'd never experienced before was a Patty's Taco.  The tacos are served up ONLY on Mondays and Thursdays by two stout ladies wielding paper plates and nary a smile on their face.  Doesn't matter though because the tacos are darned good.  For $1.75 each you get a choice of three sauces (note: the hot is NOT hot), heaps of lettuce, meat plus onion filler, sour cream, cheese and probably tomatoes though I don't necessarily remember them.  I think the clincher was the shell though...it was super deep fried which gave it a nice home-made feel.  So was Tom right?  Are these worthy of mentioning on Letterman?  Eh...maybe not.  They still tasted like tacos and I've had some pretty darned good tacos for $1.00 in this town before.  Even still, washing them down with cheap pitchers and watching football (ahem, truth?  Actually...the Sing-Off) on the booth TVs was worth it.  Oh, Oh,  and before I forget...I liked the Patty ladies.  When we left we had to find the stouter one and pay for our tacos.  I appreciate the trust, plus getting handed change in the back alley by an old lady smoking was kind of the cherry on top of the night.  Maybe that's me...but it was sweet.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2011,2/17/2012,364,514,7,6,4>Um, hi love of my life. We don't know one another too well, but we will. I spent 30 minutes roaming through your rooms and caressing your shirtsleeves and body. Omg. This review is getting dirty. I have to stop, but you get the idea. I freaking love this store. I told the owner this was the best collection of vintage garments I'd ever seen. I do love a few other local vintage shops, but those stores also carry house items and jewelry, etc. Future No Future focuses on clothing 1980's and before. The owner's daughter who finds the merchandise is meticulous and if she doesn't like the piece she puts it in a big bargain bin for $5 and under. I found a 1960's brocade shift dress that I'm going to rip and make bloody for Halloween. It was in the bargain bin.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,2/16/2012,1600,312,4,9,3>For the past year, I have assumed Marie's Cafe was like every other greasy spoon in Medina.  Boy, was I wrong.  Sorry about that, Marie's.My friend, Rachel, suggested MC for our brunch date last week and I obliged.  I mean, some days food is food.  That day I was recovering from a cold and not feeling my best, so I was glad she made the decision.  When I walked in to Marie's, I was a little confused by the set-up.  I assumed we would be sat in the quaint dining area first, but the hostess explained the 'order & pay at the counter and we'll bring you your food' system.  Did I miss a sign or does everyone just know?The menu at Marie's is exciting and includes a wide variety of flavor combinations and prices.  I was so pleased to look up at the 'specials' board and see the word 'confit.'  I had no idea that word existed this side of Cleveland!Between the two of us, we had the eggs florentine, oatmeal, and blueberry cornmeal cakes.  Everything was perfectly prepared, but I gotta be honest.. I could live on those blueberry cornmeal wonders.  Somehow they slip in the most subtle (yet rewarding) bit of cream cheese in each little cake!Marie's, you are my new culinary muse.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,2/15/2012,120,53,2,4,3>If you are looking for a cute little dive bar in Lorain County give this place a try. Close Quarters can get really busy so you will need to catch it on an off time in order to get a seat. In addition, the owner, a cute little old man, often closes for a few days or weeks at a time. Call ahead...he always has a message about the status of the restaurant and if it is open or not. I love the atmosphere at this place. It seems like every square inch of the walls and ceiling are covered with "stuff." The bartenders are super friendly and treat their customers like family. Close Quarters has a decent menu for the size of the place and serves awesome bar food. I have tried their burgers and fries. The French fries were fresh cut and wonderful! The burger was juicy and fresh and cooked to my satisfaction! If you are out in Lorain County and looking for a place to hang out...give Close Quarters a try!!!
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,2/14/2012,440,357,2,3,2>After much debate, I decided to review this place based on the food, and not on our waiter. To start, our waiter messed up our bill BIG TIME and charged all of us twice and also made us wait a full hour before "sorting" our bills out. we were til until way past after the restaurant closed because of him. After that short vent, I loved this restaurant. I came to Parallax for Zack Bruell's Restaurant Week so we had a 3 course menu. I ordered duck confit spring rolls, lemongrass noodles, and ginger creme brulee. In addition, i tried the sushi, trout, tiramisu, and banana foster. Now for the one by one review: Duck confit spring rolls (5): yum! the one thing i always worry about when ordering duck is, how much will duck meat will the chef really give me? and this spring roll had a great amount of duck. The spring roll wrap was also very crispy and the flavors were right there.Sushi (3): The sushi was good, but there wasn't a real WOW factor to it that I was hoping to get from the duck confit spring roll. It was tasty though!Lemongrass Noodles (3.5): The noodles was soooooo delicious and almost tasted like it was hand made noodles. The broth of the lemongrass noodles was very very flavorful, but a tad bit salty. Then, all the pot roast and crab meat on the noodles just really bring it up a notch. The only sad part was.... I wasn't able to eat the broth itself because it was soooo salty and there was probably only about 5 noodles in my dish so after I was done eating the noodles, I felt like my delicious broth was left to waste because my palette couldn't take all the salt added to it.Trout (4): i was impressed with the amount of trout given to us for this dish. There was 4 trouts (guessed how i felt after seeing my lemongrass noodles only had 4 little noodles), a bunch of rice and a bunch of every bit of awesomeness. The trout had a crunchiness to the fish skin that I really like, and it was just so worth it. Ginger Creme Brulee (3): I'm harsh when it comes to creme brulee only because I'm not huge on sweets, but i ADORE creme brulee. I will order it at every restaurant I go to. WIth that said, the ginger creme brulee was great and it had just the right hint of gingerness in it. However, the carmelized sugar was a bit too thick for me and it was killing my teeth to bit through all that sugar.  Other than that, it was a great creme brulee.Banana Foster (4): YUM YUM YUM! First, if you want GREAT banana foster, go to velvet tango room. Otherwise, Parallax's isn't bit either! The little bit of tart in the banana complemented the ice cream... made the banana almost taste like plantains.Tiramisu (3): meh. It was a good dessert, but not one i'd choose over the creme brulee or the banana foster. The tiramisu for my tasting, wasn't soft enough. The good thing, Parallax gave a BIG amount of it! :D Overall (4): Zack Bruell, I'm slowly becoming a fan of yours! You were at Parallax during my dining experience, overseeing the employees. (A) I wish you came to our table to say hello because I would've loved to meet you and (B) I wish you stayed til our entire dining experience to better help out with the troublesome waiter.... or maybe give us a free meal for our 1 hour wait for our bill.Parallax, I will be back!!!!!
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,2/13/2012,56,103,5,5,3>(Ladies, FYI: I know this is more of a "man's place" but you still get the same awesome service as the guys [to be honest, I think we get better service...HAH!], and there's definitely no 'weirdness' if you go in with a bunch of girlfriends)Quite possibly the best laid-back atmosphere. Possibly biased because I'm a Texan (and this is a Texas-based company), but the service here is amazing, the food is pretty darn good, and the environment is awesome.Jessica, my favorite waitress, is quite possibly the best server I've ever come across. It's like she's a freaking genie. I've set down half-empty cups, went back to reach for it again and find a full cup never realizing she had been there. Super attentive and the sweetest personality, she's the main reason I keep coming back again and again.The food is good. A solid 'tavern-style' menu....lots of fried goods, finger foods, and even some decent more traditional entrees (which I honestly didn't expect). The pretzel sticks are a must as well as the sweet and spicy shrimp (deep fried hot peppers anyone?! LOVE them). Huge fan of the deep fried zucchini as well.As far as main meals go, the salads suck. But let's be honest. You don't go to a place like this and order a darn salad. The mahi-mahi is shockingly good. Flaky, sweet, cooked perfectly. Goes great with cajun dusted fries. The burgers are all fantastic with the Black and Bleu being my absolute favorite.I'm really looking forward to trying their ribs and their chicken&waffles on my next couple of trips!
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2011,2/12/2012,146,412,4,9,5>Hooray for Eclectic Closet Boutique! When I was searching for a shop to consign my clothing, I came across Eclectic Closet Boutqiue in Tremont. So far, I've had a great experience with ECB. They're a higher end boutique located on Scranton Rd and it's very easy to pass by it. The inside of the store is really beautiful and well-maintained, and they are very selective about the items that they want to consign.The owner is great. I went in a few months after dropping off some clothing, and she remembered me. Always a great feeling. She's also young, trendy, and super cute. :) I dropped off 3 Ann Taylor dresses in mid-summer, which was a little late for the season. I would suggest going in early enough so that people can take a look.I was looking for a place that would really take care of these clothing items, and I'm happy to say that ECB was the place! Consigners get 50% of the share, and there is no minimum for how many items you need to bring in. I'll be back!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,2/11/2012,93,27,,5,5>I am in l-o-v-e with this place.  My fav part is the waterfall garden and the urban retreat garden.  It is just an amazing place to sit and contemplate and listen to the soothing sounds of water falling.  I was just so awed by the forest garden and that there is this amazing wild forest in the middle of the gardens.  The snacks at the food stand are amazing too.  Healthy tasty snacks, I love it!  The butterfly garden is so cool too to watch butterflies that are the most amazing colors just flying by you.  I can't wait to go back here.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2011,2/10/2012,83,117,3,5,3>Found this place after trying to look for Dante's Happy Hour Sushi Menu. The bartender at Dante informed us that they longer provide that and there is a entirely different restaurant downstairs.We went down and would not have noticed it if we werent told of the place since it has a speakeasy-ish feel. The entire restaurant seats 40 people max and its mostly a sushi bar, where you can see the chef at his best.It was definitely the best vibe for a sushi place in Cleveland so far (compared to like a Sushi Rock) and it is definitely a bit pricey, but the offerings for the sushi and sashimi (otsukiri as they call it) is definitely top tier. We went with the Ginko and Zeppelin rolls along with toro (fatty tuna). All of them were deilicious and at that point, the bartender informed us that their specialty was actually ootoro, a special cut of tuna thats even fattier than fatty tuna. We decided to give it a try and actually this was the reason they don't get 5 stars from me. The sashimi cut was nice, but the center tasted frozen and kind of solid. We proceeded to get uni (sea urchin) and sake (salmon) which were both wonderful. Also, I believe the wasabi is fresh and homemade as the horseradish flavor was very clear.All in all, it was a very good experience, but it could've been a great one. If you're into nigiri/sashimi and not just rolls then this is definitely a place to try for you. I just wouldn't suggest the ootoro.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,2/9/2012,114,56,2,8,5>Well, here I am back to my reviews. And just a reminder, I rate restaurants relative to their competitors, so a 5 Star burger joint isn't necessarily the same 5 stars as a gourmet restaurant.  Just is hard to compare such different cuisines on an even playing field.So back to business, I went to Flip Side without really knowing anything about it other than it was the sister restaurant to One Red Door. (Haven't been there yet but it is on my list.) Unfortunately, I wasn't expecting to get back into writing my Yelp reviews so I can't really comment on what I thought about the decor as I wasn't in my observant mode. I do recall there being a good amount of exposed brick, which I think fit well. But since I didn't take note of my surroundings as I should have on to the food.......(that's why you people read this anyway isn't it?)The first thing I noticed was that as a craft beer fan, they had a nice beer selection. Points for that.  But I skipped the beer and went right to the milkshakes.  They have a number of interesting sounding milkshakes, some which you can get with liquor in them, one of which with Guinness.  It seemed to be copied off of B Spot in this regard but the shakes at B Spot kick ass so who cares if they are copying a good thing, right?  I ordered the Apple Pie shake. which was basically an apple pie blended into a shake with vanilla ice cream.  Now I happen to be in love with the Apple Pie Maple Bacon Milkshake at B Spot, and as a result that is the standard from which all other apple pie related milkshakes will be judged. So this Flip Side shake was probably a grade of a B. You could definitely taste all the parts of the apple pie but how can you compete with a shake that has bacon in it? I mean bacon makes, EVERYTHING better, don't believe me? Try it in anything and you'll agree I promise. On to the burger. I ordered Shawn's Burger, which is pretty much your run of the mill burger plus fried egg. I didn't want to get anything too crazy so I could judge it against B Spot solely on the burger basics.  When the burger arrived the top half of the bun was off and the lettuce tomato etc were off to the side so that you can build the burger the way you like.  To me this is ideal, nothing worse than getting a pre-assembled burger and trying to add toppings or condiments and have the cheese get everywhere but on your burger.  So first bite into the burger.....I was sold.  I need to come back at least one more time to confirm but I feel very confident that Flip Side's burgers will blow away B Spot every time.  Why, you ask? If you have never had Grass fed beef, the different in flavor and juiciness between grass fed and grain fed is unbelievable.  Now I'm not sure what B Spot uses but I'm fairly certain it isn't grass fed beef and to me it makes the burger. Granted it isn't for everyone, a result of the juiciness is a messy burger, but it is a delicious messy one at that and I'll deal with the added mess every time.As far as the service goes, I felt it was fine, nothing to write home about nothing to complain about.  But either way, I always prefer to give the benefit of the doubt, as it is never fair to judge service over one visit.Overall I'd highly recommend Flip Side, and I'd even recommend B Spot if you haven't been for so you can make your own comparison.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,2/8/2012,66,64,1,5,5>A vegetarian in a steakhouse? Who would have thought? There was a reason for my recent trip to Red The Steakhouse....a meat loving friend's birthday. The only requirement he had for his birthday was big, juicy, quality steak. Red has a great menu that more than fulfilled his requirement. However, if you are reading this review in hopes of enlightenment on the steak version of Red, you might as well stop reading now. First, and foremost the quality of the staff was beyond spectacular. My only problem with the restaurant is something that was most likely out of control by the staff. My friend called ahead to make reservations for his birthday...we had a big party coming (18). We had more that would have liked to come, but Red was unable to accommodate us due to the small size of the restaurant. If you plan on going I highly suggest making reservations! The staff was beyond friendly the entire night. There was no rush in our eating and I'm sure we were there at least 3 hours. I also loved the added touches they made since we were a birthday party. If you eat in one of the party rooms, the menu is designed by someone who made the reservation (in our case, the birthday boy). When we arrived the pre-determined menu choices were printed out on a special menu with a special birthday message at the top. This special added touch made the evening even more special. Now on to food. Let me just say that Red is the first and only steakhouse I can review with a 5 stars on their food. Since I knew ahead of time we were going to a steakhouse I e-mailed the head chef about our visit and not only mentioned that 3 vegetarians would be in the party, but one vegetarian was also gluten free. He replied back within the hour to let me know that Red would happy to cook for us the evening we came. I have e-mailed chefs before (due to my gluten intolerance) but never have received a reply back so soon.  The night of the dinner arrived and I was anxiously waiting to see what they would have created for us. Like I said before, each person was given a menu (which included the 3 course menu). I was not expecting one at all since I wasn't planning on partaking in the meat extravaganza that occurred that night. So imagine my surprise when they handed the 3 vegetarians their own menus that were the same quality as the ones with the meat menu.  The kitchen staff created a 3 course vegetarian menu that was absolutely fantastic. Not only did we get the 3 course menu, but they also brought out a vegan (and gluten free) appetizer so we would have something to munch on as well while everyone else was eating calamari and steak tar tar. When dessert came I fully expected to be the only one not partaking since the carrot cake chosen definitely contained gluten. However, the staff baked a whole gluten free lemon tart cake (all for me!) which was absolutely divine. I never would have expected to have received such an amazing meal at a steakhouse but it seems I was mistaken. While I doubt I will ever go back to Red, I highly recommend them due to the quality of their amazing staff and food. The small sighs of contentment from my meat eating friends further confirms my belief in the quality of the food, vegetarian or otherwise.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,2/7/2012,22,51,4,5,5>I'm sure it's fairly rare for ice cream or fries to not be delicious, but Sweetie Fry makes both of them perfectly!First of all, this place doesn't smell like a fryer at all, which is very important to me. I hate going somewhere and feeling like I can't go anywhere else without washing my hair first.The fries are great - we tried the pizza fries and the waffle fries with a variety of dipping sauces. I preferred the waffle fries to the regular-cut pizza fries, but the pizza fries were covered in cheese.. so maybe it's a tie. The dipping sauces were all really good, but my favorite (and probably the table's overall favorite since it was completely gone at the end) was the something-chipotle sauce. Yum!I tried the maple bacon ice cream with a sweetie scoop of the goat cheese ice cream, and both were amazing! In the end I kind of wished I had gotten the goat cheese ice cream with a sweetie scoop of maple bacon, but I'm sure I'll have plenty more opportunities. =)The service was super super friendly, and I love the way this place is decorated. The fact that Sweetie Fry is only ten minutes away from my apartment might mean trouble for me..!
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,2/6/2012,71,94,2,6,5>I took my fiance here Friday night and we pretty much stuffed ourselves silly!  The smell was gone so bring in the 5th star!  The bacon guac and pork rangoon was just as delicious as last time and I ordered the special orange chicken that was very, very good.  The fiance ordered the short ribs and was very pleased with his dish.  He described it as the perfect Asian comfort food.  Even though we were stuffed to the gills, we decided to go big or go home and ordered the fried ice cream.  It was amazing!Our waitress was super cute and attentive without being overbearing.My favorite place for Asian-Fusion in the CLE!
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,2/4/2012,23,201,2,4,3>I'm not really a popcorn eater but damn those free samples that they provide. I swear, I would save so much money if they didn't put them out. I liked the dichotomy and the barbecue flavors but you should try all the flavors they have to offer before making a purchase. Two small bags run around $5-$6 so it is pretty inexpensive. Next to try, cheese and dill pickle.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,2/3/2012,57,100,3,4,3>Recently when I was driving by, I desperately needed caffeine so I stopped in. Inside was the most delicious coffee aroma I have ever smelled. About half the tables were taken up by single people working on computers or reading; no one was really talking so it was very quiet except for some music in the background. Very intimate atmosphere with lots of rich, dark colors; not eclectic at all like some coffee shops, but more of a sexy vibe. I know that sounds weird but go with me on it. Oh yes, and my iced latte was also wonderful.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2011,2/2/2012,11,84,,15,4>I've been loving this place since the first day they opened. The store is much larger than many of the other Asian markets in town and they use the space well. I used to be excited by asian stored with a wide variety of junk food. Nothing like Ramune and Squid Chips, right? But now that I'm a bit older and I have found a love for cooking, a place like this appeals to me in a different way. It is one of the closest places to get sushi grade fish, premade tomago, or unagi. I love that it feels like an actual grocery store instead of a random assortment of "far-east edible trinkets" that many of the other asian "markets" in town try for.I wanted to give this place a five, I really did, but in the recent months they have stopped providing fresh sushi trays and the price of eel has gone up by $4 for no real reason. But it's hard to gripe at a place that still provides 80% of all the ingredients required to make decent asian dishes, as well as squid chips.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,2/1/2012,9,256,2,5,3>Dinner at the newly opened (second day) but long-awaited and highly anticipated B Spot at Crocker Park.  Like my visit to its sister location at the Eton Center, the wait was long (1 hour for a table), but I managed to snag a single stool at the bar.I ordered a Vanilla Bean Apple Pie Bacon Shake with Bourbon, a Lola Burger, and a side of Lola Fries.  While the wait for a table was long, there certainly was no hold-up at the kitchen:  My food came out in under 5 minutes from ordering.  The promptness was appreciated but did seem a little suspicious to me.  The Lola Burger was fantastic--particularly as the bacon, red onions, cheddar, and mayo get encapsulated in the yolk from the fried egg sitting atop the thick patty.  It is a messy experience, so be sure to have a couple paper towel napkins at the ready.  The Lola Fries were very good as usual, and there are available accompaniments of Ketchup, Lola Ketchup (ketchup with a little more vinegar and spice to it--I wasn't particularly a fan), Stadium Mustard, Coffee BBQ Sauce, Balsamic Steak Sauce, and Shasha Sauce.  (I have no idea what the last three sauces are about.)Having already been to the East Side location, the quality of the burger and fries were not really all that surprising.  I was surprised, however, by the milkshake, which I have not had before.  First, the milkshake is BIG--easily two full servings of the glass they give you to pour it into.  (I'd consider splitting it on future trips.)  Second, it is tasty--the vanilla base combines well with the cinnamon-apple taste and the hint of bacon, then accented by the little bits of bacon inside the shake that you can slurp up through the extra-wide straw.  The bourbon also gives a nice background flavor, though I would have preferred just a tad more in my shake.  What I really liked about the milkshake is that none of these flavors--even the sweetness of the cinnamon-apple--dominated the drink.Service was friendly and attentive, and, as I mentioned before, my food came out lightning fast.  The space (formerly Agave) suits B Spot well.  The al fresco dining is nice, particularly from the effect of being near similar outdoor tables at Champps next door and across the street at Blake's and Hyde Park.  The tables inside were fairly well-spaced, though I wonder in the colder months whether they will make it much more crowded to accommodate enough people.  For now, the extra floor space gets occupied by people waiting for tables and partaking in a beer from the bar.Before we all just run up to the top of the hill and hug, there are some negatives:  First, they give a warning when you choose how you want your burger cooked that B Spot usually cooks burgers one notch under what you order them at (e.g., medium rare when you order medium).  The obvious response is, well, why don't you just cook it one notch longer than you usually do?  I'm sure they would say something like it has to do with the thickness of the hamburger patties, but I don't think the patties, while a little thicker than your normal restaurant burger, are so incredibly thick as to be that unwieldy while cooking (as opposed to something like a super-thick patty at Kuma's Corner in Chicago).  Second, as some people have noted regarding other locations, B Spot seems to revel in a certain jerk attitude.  To be sure, the actual servers were friendly, and I can understand the aversion to substitutions.  But, I can do without the signs and the little laminated pamphlet calling me a whiny bastard for considering a substitution.  It is really a turn off and very very nearly merited dropping B Spot down to the three-star level in my book.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2011,1/31/2012,53,187,,10,6>I've been wondering about what was going to become my local townie bar since my move to fairview park and now I've found it. I'm not sure what the other reviewers are talking about by pricey beers. Not only is their list of micro brews extensive and unique, I think it is very reasonably priced. And they have a really cool beer flight option on all their drafts that I haven't seen anywhere else in Cleveland. As for their food, it is the typical bar food, but done in a very a-typical way! As in NOT fresh-from-the-frozen-section. We had a crab cake appetizer that was definitely home-made and very light on the filler. I was told they are also well known for their beer battered mushrooms and potato skins, I'll be back to try both. For our mains we had the pulled pork (great), the turkey rueban (great), and the fries are delicious! Also as a bonus, they had music playing, but it was at the perfect volume that you could talk at whatever volume (hush tones included) you wanted to, and didn't need to shout at the person a foot away from you. All together I highly recommend a trip to Stampers... I look forward to going back for the food, flights and music!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,1/30/2012,107,133,,5,2>First of all, this is not a Japanese buffet.  You won't find teriyaki chicken or tempura here.  This is a Chinese buffet that happens to have sushi and sashimi.It's not bad.  Actually, like other reviewers have mentioned, it's probably the best sushi buffet in Northern Ohio.  If this restaurant were in Boston, it would get a three.  If it were in LA or NYC, it would get a two.I went on a Sunday night, and it was fairly bustling with people, both Asian and non-Asian.  Because there were a good number of people, the sushi (or any food, for that matter) did not sit out for too long.  Plus, there was pretty decent variety.  As for the food, I thought the frog legs were quite tasty.  The rest of the food was sort of ho-hum, but again, it impressed me by Northeast Ohio standards.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,1/28/2012,4,61,3,3,3>I've been here many a time for Browns game but I feel compelled to share my experience from this past Sunday.  The game was okay and the weather sucked because it was raining.  HOWEVER, the highlight of the game was the squirrel on the field who for the rest of this review shall be referred to as "Squirrelly".  Squirelly ran from the west end zone all the way down to the Dawg Pound AND STAYED IN BOUNDS THE ENTIRE TIME!  That was the highlight of my visit to the stadium.  The Browns need to sign him as a WR or RB before Chomps catches him.  GO SQUIRRELLY...I MEAN BROWNS!
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,1/27/2012,67,157,2,4,2>I tried the croissants.  Sorry Blackbird but I might have a new favorite.  Holy cow.  I was so mad that I had only bought one.  So I went back the next day to get another one.  They were sold out.  Went back today.  They were sold out of regular yet again, but they did have the chocolate ones.  I bought two with the intention of giving the other one away.  Yahhhhh....I ate both on the fifteen minute car ride to my parents.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,1/26/2012,129,81,3,5,2>As Kelly F. reported...yes. This place is a cougar palace. But let's not let that detour you. My mother loves this place but I knew I had to try it on my own to determine it's worthiness. And I completely agree. We walked in and were greeted with a beautifully decorated bar which then led to a cozy sitting area. Later, after a couple glasses of wine, we then found a dance room with a DJ.Do yourself a favor if you are going to the bar. Ask for Erich. He is awesome! Picked out a perfect glass of wine and at the end of the night we felt like we knew him for years. I love a good bartender who knows what they are doing and who isn't easily annoyed at my friends asking for a "good shot". And I know how anyone working a bar loves that question. (sarcasm)I will be back in the future and want to try their brunch and dinner. Stay tuned...see you soon.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2012,1/25/2012,118,61,6,6,3>Going to make this short and sweet: simply, I love the Tap House.  Terrific selection of microbrews, great, friendly, attentive (but not hovering) and knowledgeable service, relaxed atmosphere, delicious eats, enough room to breathe and hear each other talk. Plus chalkboard-bar-tops and colored chalk to doodle with for the artsy drunks in all of us.  It's our number one go-to gastropub, whether for just ourselves or friends/family visiting in town.  And given Cleveland's excellent food, microbrew and gastropub scene, that's saying a lot.Recommendations:Eats: their "I heart moule frites" (mussel fries), richly savory mussels in a beer sauce, tossed with crisp fries and generously topped with crumbled bacon and blue cheese, satisfy me in ways no person or thing has ever satisfied me or ever will.  Their pretzel with beer cheese sauce is excellent as well.Dranks: there's multiple brew available for every palate and I have yet to meet anyone on their staff who won't voluntarily launch into an enthusiastic, detailed discussion of heads, noses, mouthfeels and other finer points of one brew vs. the next.  You tell them what you like, they make you a customized sampler.  The selection gets updated seasonally; generally, expect at least a score on draught and about 80+ in bottles.  Selections from Rogue, Southern Tier, Troegs, Victory, Stone, Bell's, Dogfish, and even Hitachino make their list.  Can't say enough about TTH.  What a boon to Cleveland, may it stay fantastic and stick around forever.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,1/24/2012,21,16,,10,2>My wife and I finally dined at Rockefeller's after many months of talking about it during visits to the Starbucks next door.  My hesitation was in part due to the modest, unremarkable entranceway that didn't seem like it could possibly lead to a restaurant worth eating at.  Not only was the food worth eating, but the restaurant itself is a spectacular historical space that used to house a bank.  If I had only done my research, I would have known that the executive chef is a veteran of Lola and Flying Fig -- not too shabby.The drink menu was solid, and I was thrilled to see that they had Morimoto Black Obi Soba Ale.  A 22 oz. bottle of that dark goodness was my companion throughout the meal (in addition to my wife, of course).For appetizers, I ordered the pulled pork tacos, while my wife had the lamb meatballs.  Both had excellent, balanced flavors and were cooked perfectly, and the generous portions were nearly large enough to serve as an entree.  We both followed our appetizer with the arugula salad.  This too was very well executed, combining many of my favorites in one dish: wild mushrooms, Maytag blue cheese, pine nuts, pickled onions, and truffle vinagrette.  Fortunately, the portion size was smaller, allowing us to recover a bit in time for the entrees.Steaks were our destiny for the main course.  I had the rib eye special, while my wife had the hanger steak.  Both steaks were very good, though I would give the edge to the hanger steak.  The sides deserve special notice: my truffled mashed potatoes were sublime, and my wife wouldn't stop talking about her roasted mushrooms.Our bellies nearly ready to burst, we pressed on and split a dessert: the lemon chiffon cake.  Now, I'm one of those people who almost exclusively order something chocolate for dessert.  But this cake was absolutely amazing -- if I found out I was dying, I would eat this cake continuously until my funeral.Dinner was not cheap, but it was priced appropriately for food of this quality, especially given that the ingredients are sourced from local organic farmers where possible.  And like I said, if you need to save some cash, you could find yourself very satisfied ordering a couple of appetizers and a salad.Lastly, our server Amy was excellent -- extremely friendly, efficient, and knew the dishes inside and out.  Other servers also pitched in -- they were all very personable, as well.I'm thrilled to have a restaurant like this so close to home.  It will be nice not to always have to drive downtown or to the West Side for a decent dinner.  I'm looking forward to my next visit.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2011,1/23/2012,74,71,,6,2>When you think of downtown Willoughby, late night drinking is what usually comes to mind (come on, most of us have been there), but Pranzo now brings fine dining to this little strip of bars.  Two things right off the bat - take advantage of the free valet parking (unless you feel like walking or are one of the lucky few to get preemo street parking) and make reservations.  Once seated in the cozy restaurant (sometimes TOO cozy - seating is VERY tight), your server will uncork your bottle of wine or graciously take your 4 or 6 pack of beer and keep it chilled in the kitchen until you're ready for another.  Oh yeah, one other important thing - it's BYOB!  The menu is somewhat on the small side, however the selections are great.  I would suggest salad (the arugula and fennel is a favorite) and a flatbread pizza.  This will be MORE than enough food and I always end up splitting the pizza with someone and still have food to take home.  Prices for entrees range from relatively cheap to pretty darn expensive, but I will say the pricier options are worth it - and besides, you're not paying an arm and a leg for those glasses of wine or beer that you'll consume throughout your meal.  There is a cute patio out back if you're in the mood for outdoor scenery and I will say that the seating is much more spaced out.  Overall, there is much to be enjoyed about Pranzo.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,1/22/2012,38,63,,4,3>Very, very good selection of beer -- ranging from your everyday case of Yuengling to really interesting craft beers from breweries you've never heard of. They carry a really good and diverse selection of English beers and ciders, including some I hadn't thought of since I studied there in the late 90s. Nice owner -- clearly knows his beer but isn't judgy or dismissive of your choices at the register, and is just generally pleasant to talk to all around. Make sure to become a fan on Facebook -- they often receive small shipments of certain beers and announce their arrivals there. They move fast!
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2011,1/21/2012,30,393,,6,4>The Urban Orchid was able to make this Scrooge get into the holiday spirit.I stopped by over the weekend to check out this adorable shop in Ohio City and was really wowed by the selection of gifts, wreaths, swag, etc.  You could find something for everyone in this shop - they carry everything from baby onesies to jewelry to candles to vintage Christmas ornaments.  And the best part is that a lot of these items are made by local artists!I was able to get some really neat handmade holiday cards as well as a couple vintage ornaments.  Everything in the store was so cute, I couldn't help but want to buy a couple gifts.  The Urban Orchid is definitely a place to check out if you're looking for unique gifts or a nice floral arrangement.  Shop local this holiday season!P.S. I've ordered beautiful flowers from The Urban Orchid in the past, too, and I've always been impressed with their work.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,1/20/2012,97,533,2,5,3>This West side Turkish invasion thing is pretty great. I love Anatolia on the east side, but I'm a Westsider, so putting up with crazy drivers and diagonal streets over in that neck of the woods is something I do as rarely as humanly possible. So, fortunately for me, now I have three new ones to choose from. We started with Alaturka, the sister to Anatolia. My husband and our friend and I were very impressed. We started with the small appetizer platter on the recommendation of our server. That came with hummus, babaganush, ezme, tabuli, lebni, and eggplant, and was accompanied by hot, fresh bread. It was perfect for the three of us, especially with the size of the dishes that followed. For our entrees, we chose the lamb kofte, chicken adana with yogurt, and the classic doner. The meats were spiced nicely and had just the right amount of done-ness. Oh, and the yogurt tastes homemade because it is. It really made the chicken adana. To drink I recommend the light or dark Efes beer. Really goes well with the food.Our server was funny and attentive, and we did not lack for water or anything else we needed.The bar area is small, probably seats 10 or so, but it looked cozy and welcoming.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,1/19/2012,196,453,1,4,3>Great pizza place on the east side for folks searching for a rustic spin on ZA using fresh, vibrant, delicious toppings on a thin, perfectly baked crust.   I personally have never had pizza quite like this but left Crostata's a happy man with a full belly.  Food comes fast and exactly as ordered. We started with the Antipasto Misto for $12, what a platter this is!  Lots of meats, cheeses, and olives which were not only tasty but properly presented, kind of kicking myself for not taking a picture with my phone and uploading.  The platter beat out La Dolce Vita in Little Italy IMO.  Our pizza for the night was called Quattro Stagoni for $15.50.  This pizza consisted of roasted red peppers, mushrooms, artichokes, basil, marinara, and Italian sausage. We both really enjoyed this pizza.  The crust is fantastic and goes perfectly with the toppings.  Not too cheesy, not too saucy, definitely a healthy but delicious spin on pizza.  If you are expecting a big, greasy, topping overload kind of pizza (Chi-town style), then coming here may not be for you.   Check out their website for great pictures of the pizza.  At Crostata's you pay for the ingredients and it really shows with the final product.  This place is definitely not for everyone and it might leave some people a little 'empty' if you expect to get 'more for your money' but for all you other foodies out there that just want a nice night out with friends or family without having to deal with the Pizza Hut crowd, Crostata's is perfect.  I'd even say it has a date type atmosphere.There is more seating then it appears from the outside.  Beer, wine, and cocktails are available.  I opted for a glass of red for $6.50 and it fit the bill perfectly with the food we ordered.  I was even picking at the Antipasto platter all day Sunday, stayed just fine in the fridge.  I'm planning on taking down the rest of the pizza for today's lunch.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,1/18/2012,105,123,1,6,5>So this is what Chinese food is supposed to taste like! Holy crap! So good!Honestly, I was glad to be in dining with Chinese speaking friends or I may have struggled a bit with ordering.  I had no idea what was good (or what my friend ordered for me!) but when it all arrived at our table the portions were huge and delicious!  My favorites were the black pepper short ribs and the shrimp wonton soup.  We ordered four meals for three people and we had enough leftovers for probably another three people.  The portions are freakishly big!I'm so glad to have tried this place out.  No fakey MSG-laden flavors here.  Everything is flavorful in an authentic way and I can't wait to go back!  I've been thinking about that sweet and sour sauce all day...
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2011,1/17/2012,78,264,,8,7>YES! A great find that even a lot of locals don't know about. We have some friends who've lived in Cleveland forever so they always know about these lesser-known spots. On their advice we went for the first time on my birthday and have since been back once. Wow! This place was so unique and we really had a great experience both times.On our first visit, we arrived before the rest of our group and I was starving so we sat at the bar and had a beer and tried the potstickers. Service at the bar was super-friendly and the potstickers were great. For dinner I had surf and turf - perfectly cooked and delicious.Sean has gotten the 'quackitori' both times and loved it. Really, the duck is so tender and well seasoned.The other night I had probably one of the top 5 pasta dishes I've ever had. Yes, at the Grovewood! It was the pasta of the day special - Ohio City whole wheat fettuccine carbonara. WOW was it fantastic! I've been raving about it ever since to anyone who'll listen. We also shared a cheese plate and there was plenty for the 4 of us and was very good and reasonably priced.The Grovewood reminds me of the good ol' Wisconsin supper clubs that my grandparents took us to for special occassions. Very low-key atmosphere and great food every time. The Grovewood has lots of nightly specials, a big wine list, and we've had great service.After these two experiences, Grovewood is solidly in our rotation for great local places to take out of town guests - and of course to hang with our local peeps too. Definitely give this place a try. You won't regret it.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2011,1/16/2012,64,141,2,3,5>VTR, hope it's your thing, because it's my thing.  Yah, the drinks are expensive.  Sometimes it seems like a place you take girls to impress on first dates.  I go for the music rich in history.  Played live with crisp precision that is a rarity.  Atmosphere unique, comfortable, and inviting.  A mellow easy attitude which happens to fit me.  And the key: go with friends to laugh, discuss, and chill with.  My visits have been filled with people who made it great, or did VTR enhance the feel.  Don't care.  I just know that good people and VTR is a good thing.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,1/15/2012,46,63,5,3,2>When we learned that Jeni's had opened a store in Chagrin Falls, there was much rejoicing. And pilgrimages were planned. There were even some bows to the east.Yeah, the ice cream is that good. Look, I don't even LIKE ice cream. And yet this is one of the tastiest food experiences around. My biggest piece of advice, though, is taste, taste, TASTE everything before you order. I've seen a couple people complaining here that the flavor they purchased was an unwanted surprise. There is no reason for that, since the servers are more than happy to provide you with tastes of anything and everything in the ice cream case. And be brave. Goat cheese and cherries may sound like a strange flavor for ice cream, but it's absolutely delicious. My current favorite is rhubarb and cardamom lime. The salty caramel is amazing, as is the brambleberry crumble. If you are looking for just plain old-fashioned ice cream, Jeni's is not for you. I recommend crossing the bridge and heading for the old fashioned Popcorn Shop, where you can enjoy vanilla, chocolate, rocky road, and other perfectly serviceable flavors.But if you have an adventurous palate, then make the trip to Jeni's. The best way for me to tell you how good it is? In the previous 10 years I've lived in Cleveland, I had visited Chagrin Falls only twice. In the last six weeks, I've been there three times.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,1/14/2012,162,287,9,16,7>Memphis Kiddie Park is super cool. My kid agrees. We went on the Little Dipper FIVE times. I got dizzy. He got whiplash.Tickets never expire, so if you need to leave before you use them all -- just come back!  Drawbacks -- it's a bit expensive as it costs $2.00 per ride and most of them are really short. Also, I wish they had some sort of wristband you could buy so that you don't have to carry tickets and keep buying them. If you're hungry, they got corn dogs 'n shizz. (They don't let you bring in your own food but I do anyway. Just be smart ,aka sneaky, about it.)
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,1/13/2012,88,107,1,11,5>Ahh the season of grad parties galore... hot days of sitting in under backyard tents, sweating your ass off, eating mediocre catering food...But there is hope for the catered food.  I was pleasantly surprised when I attended a birthday/grad party earlier today.  The company delivered 2 lovely dishes each of lemon chicken, chicken marsala, pasta with pesto, pasta with sweet roasted red pepper, pasta with a tomato cream sauce, focaccia bread, corn chutney, and a simple mista salad.  I was expected dried out chicken, half-cooked pasta, and soggy salad greens.  The lemon chicken and chicken marsala were absolutely delicious.  Usually, I dislike the typically sweet chicken marsala wine sauce.  This sauce was savory with nice hints of marsala wine and large mushrooms swimming in the pool of sauce. :)  Ahhh.. MARSALA SAUCE..MMMM... The lemon caper sauce was good as well, just not quite as mouth watering as the marsala sauce.  I wish they put a few more capers in the lemon sauce to make it pop out more against the lemon flavoring.  Each pan came with roughly 30 pieces of large, all white meat chicken breast, roughly 6-8 inches long and 1 inch thick.  I became full off of one breast, but I had to finish both breasts.. it was that moist and delicious. The pasta was perfectly al dente, soft without being mushy.  The roasted red pepper was slightly sweet like a ripe red pepper with slight creaminess to it.  The pesto was good, a little on the heavier side with the cream, though.  I prefer my pestos to be true oil-based pestos- basil, pine nuts, Parmesan, olive oil, not pesto cream sauce.  However, it was still delightful, enough that my sister got a whole plate of pesto pasta.  The tomato cream was lacking in the tomato department- it tasted more of cream than tomato.  I loved the pesto pasta the most out of all of the sauces.  I wish we had several lighter sauces to try though.  The pasta picked up the wonderful flavors of each of the sauces.  The focaccia bread, corn chutney and mista salad were really good as well.  The focaccia bread was warm and garlicy with a nice, fresh-baked smell to them.  I'm usually a fan of crostini crunchy type bread crackers, but the bread went really well with the pasta sauces.. ahhh sooo good :)  The corn chutney had sweet corn kernels in a savory mixture- it was so refreshing, delicious, light, yet satisfying.   The salad was freshly cut, washed and crispy.  They also have this honey balsamic salad dressing that's tangy and sweet that I loved on top of the salad..The delivery service was slow and arrived roughly 15-20 minutes later than when they were suppose to.  The food was well worth the prices- it's roughly 30 large pieces of white meat chicken breast for 50.00 (full pan).  They also have full pans of pasta for 55.00, sauce included. However, it was worth it for the food.  I want to try their sea bass, beef tenderloin, and scallops on their catering menu too!  I'm trying to persuade my mom to use the same company for a family function coming up soon! :)
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,1/12/2012,25,85,3,2,2>O Smelly Deli, How Do I Love Thee?Is it the proximity to work?  The amazing selection of imported foods you can't find at grocery stores?  The friendly and helpful staff?  The amazing prepared foods you can take back to work to make everyone jealous?  The 87 varieties of cured meats ready to be sliced and wrapped for your later enjoyment?A little of all of it...  my only complaint is that occasionally, some of the fried stuff gets a little soggy if you go in way after regular lunch hours.  But, if you get in there by 1, maybe 1:15, everything is first rate delicious.  Nothing healthy about any of it, but you're not here to lose weight, are you?  No, you're here to eat well.  And eat well, you will.And, if you are more of a "keep the peace" type than you are a "create food envy" type, you can pick up a pepperoni bread or two, and some great little cookies to bring back to the office.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,1/11/2012,72,198,1,5,7>I love the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and despite what many people around the country may think - it absolutely belongs along the Northcoast shores of CLE!The displays are always interesting to me in that they put the "human element" into who the artist is.  Sure we all know about the "lizard king" Jim Morrison and his music, but it's really cool to see his high school football jersey.For the real experience of what makes the music we've all come to love, the Rock and Roll HOF delivers a unique experience.Now if we could only get the induction ceremony to be held here annually as it should be the R&R HOF would be even more of an exciting place.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,1/10/2012,110,405,3,4,4>Very, very, very cool ambiance. Right on busy ass Lorain by Fulton, cool artwork all over the place, hip workers, and not a Starbucks or Target in sight. I had the hoagie( chili on a bun, no dog). Flavorful, great texture( not just mush like most chili), and only five bucks to fill my gas tank. Parking is iffy around late afternoon( try to make sense of Cleveland parking laws, I dare you). Menu is simple. Nothing fancy, nothing trendy. Just chili and about a half dozen ways to eat it. Choosing between here and Skyline in that horrible Lyndhurst strip mall? No brainer.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,1/9/2012,241,224,3,5,3>This place is wonderful! My rating is 25% on merchandise and options (everything is adorable, and unique), but def. 75% on the amazing customer service! I called Room Service around 5:45 because I needed to swing by and pick up a cute apron as the "icing on the cake" for a bridal shower gift. They close at 6, but the kind woman working there (shoutout to Jennie Doran) said she would stay open until I arrived. I started my drive to W. 65th.... Little did I know - they moved! I checked Yelp and saw they were now on W.25th. At this time, it was already past 6. I called Jennie again, and she was so nice. She told me not to worry, and she'd stick around until I arrived. SO NICE. They ended up having to stay open long past 6, and I TRULY appreciate it. The apron was exactly what I was looking for - cute, hip yet classic, and perfect for my friend. They had a lot of apron options, from full aprons to half waist aprons - all adorable. I'll be back for sure, as all my friends continue to want to get married, and it's fun to add something on top of a generic plate off of a registry. Bravo Room Service - I truly appreciate your effort to treat your customers well! I will be back.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2011,1/8/2012,89,182,2,12,6>Huaaapa! This place will go lucha libre in your mouth.  Lets just start off with the taco stand.  These are about as good as it gets. The meats are great quality, well seasoned, sauces are a mouth-gasm, and the tortillas are good!  The tacos are worth the trip alone!Next do not wait but run to meat/deli counter!  All of the meats are excellent. Any of the the ones marinated in the adobo are to die for! (they are red)  The pork, beef, chicken,chorizo- amazing, great quality and very affordable!Next the cooked meats, barbacoa, lechon, chorizo con papas(potato)  prepared the way it should be made! Just reheat in your house put on totilllas sauce it up and Om Nom  Nom. This place will be putting Mexican Grandmothers out of business!In the deli section the also offer some dinner platters with rice and beans for just a minimal cost, less than fast food!The homeade salsa will have you singing Labamba, the guac,green and red salsa, pico, and the spicy are executed flawlessly!  The home made chips are some of the best I have ever tasted!  BTW I DO NOT WORK FOR THESE PEOPLE AND OR RECEIVE DISCOUNTS!There is also a huge assortment of fresh authentic Mexican breads and pastries. The produce look quite good as well.  So if you want lunch, dinner, or throw a party this is a great way to do it.Oh one more thing everyone that served me spoke English and they excelled at customer service. It was different, I felt like the employees were grateful for helping me!
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,1/7/2012,44,84,6,7,2>The first thing you'll notice about Dolce Wraps is that the name is completely wrong.  They are neither a dessert place nor a wraps place.  They're a Middle Eastern place - I mean, they serve wraps, certainly, but you're there mostly for the falafel or the tabbouleh or the other fine foods.  And they DO have a limited selection of desserts, but it's not really the highlight of the spot.  It's kind of like if McDonald's called itself "Salads 'R' Us."  Or the Velvet Tango Room called itself "Cheese Platter Heaven."  I mean, dude, your marketing is kind of at lacking here.  Which is a shame, because I suspect people are driving by this little, easily-overlooked spot and saying, "Wow, I'd like some hummus, but that place serves wraps."  That aside, how's the food?  It's pretty good for what it is.  I feel like a choad here, leaving three stars when every other review is ZOMG BEST FOOD EVAR, but I gotta be honest - what you have here is inexpensive, passable middle eastern food that's the kind of food you could eat on a regular basis.  It satisfies your needs without necessarily excelling to the point of rhapsody - and it's at a price where you can go pretty much as often as you'd like.   The difference may be that I actually LIKE Aladdins, which everyone else here treats like it's the local indie band that made it big.  "Oh, you like them?" they sneer.  "They sold out, man.  They sold out."  Then they smoke clove cigarettes and put on their fedoras and then go home and grow their own obscure vegetables you've never heard of.  Look, Aladdins is good food, if a little standardized.  Dolce Wraps is an independent store, and it is very pretty - the interior is surprisingly beautiful for a mall-based place.  You could sit there in quite a bit of comfort.  And the food is decent - I find the chicken to be a little stringy when I've gone there, and the hummus to be a little coarse and paste-like, and I'm not as sold on the sauces as everyone else.  But everything is very fresh, definitely not frozen in the back until you need it, and it's kind of hard to complain when you can get a full plate for $6.00.  A full meal here will go for $10.  That's a bargain, compared to the McDonald's or Chipotle's in the area.  In the end, Dolce Wraps is the local business I feel like I should frequent more often.  But when I feel like Middle Eastern, I either am not in the mood for their flavor of it, or I go to Aladdins, or I forget it's an option entirely.  Mostly it's the last reason, which is a shame.  Maybe it's the name.  But it's definitely worth hitting up to see whether you like it.(EDIT: You know what?  I've taken off a star from enough restaurants for being overpriced.  On reconsideration, for such cheap and palatable eats, I've gotta add a star for being underpriced.  Four it is.)
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,1/6/2012,67,84,1,4,2>Can't beleive I haven't written a review yet. I've recommended to so many people. Wine bar is an exceptional slice of the west side. Good wine. Good service. Great brunch.Most recently I had stopped in with a friend for dinner after work. We were supposed to make it to a movie right after but dinner kept us a little too enticed for a little too long. Not a bad thing at all. Chose a wine, Gewurztraminer, for my friend -- and a tasty beer, of which its name escapes me, for myself. We then couldn't decide on sweet or savory cheese plate. In the end the answer was both. Why deny ourselves a bevy of cheeses along with sweet relishes, fruits, salami, and yes, prosciutto. Next up, entrees. Well we'll call them small plates as my belly was already full of cheese. Her choice: Chicken, bacon and ranch flatbread. Simple, flavorful, and fun. My choice: Pork belly with honey, almonds, and greens. Good flavor when everything was combined. I think the pork was a bit overcooked. Glad they offer it though as not many restaurants, especially in Cleveland, would make that kind of a dish. Overall we had a great night. Service was very good, our waitress was friendly and informative. Left almost full and a bit buzzed. Success!
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2011,1/5/2012,215,581,4,9,7>Unofficial Auntie Amy and I checked out Jammy Buggars (first time for me, she'd already been before) for lunch yesterday. What a cool place! Casual, but not gross. They have tons of different types of fries, and a variety of burgers that you can have as a vegan option, chicken sandwich, etc. It was difficult to decide what to order, but I knew that anything I chose would be good, because it was comfort food elevated just a tad.Auntie Amy and I decided to start with a shared order of the "Frenchy" Fries, which were plentiful, HOT, thick and seasoned really nicely. They were served with a garlic mayo (I refuse to say "aioli," ok??!?) and they even gave us extra when we boxed up the leftovers.I had an Ohio beef burger (grass-fed is what they boast) in the "Classic" style, which is served with your choice of cheese, lettuce, and tomato. While the burger was juicy and dense, I do agree with Kevin that it was a bit gristly and uneven in parts. So that was kind of disappointing, because when you have a great burger, it's just ... zen. With grease.Speaking of grease, while the fries were not overly greasy at all, the burger was very heavy on the grease (or maybe it was butter; in any case, the bun was quite soaked in it). Some people may like that, but I was a little turned off.However, the real standout was the service! This waiter was awesome. I wish I knew his name, so I could give him a shout-out, but he was there Friday at 1 to serve us. He was so nice, patient (while we sent him away multiple times because we still didn't know what we were ordering) and made good suggestions. He even brought out a sample of the fontina cheese when I asked him what it tasted like. I was just expecting him to compare it to another cheese, but he provided a little bit in a small condiment dish, and it just made my day!One tip: the burgers come with fries. A LOT of fries. So, you probably don't need to order an extra order of special fries, unless you (like the two of us) really like fries.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,1/4/2012,82,187,6,6,3>An interesting addition to the south side of Strongsville.  It's a nice alternative to the chain restaurant options that we're surrounded by.  However, with this, I find the biggest problem the selection on the menu.  It was pretty limited, however the website shows many more options than weren't on the menu at the restaurant.  Perhaps they're new or coming soon, which would be good.  Their food prices are a bit on the high end (for the area), however they do have happy hour twice a day with $1 off drafts (varies depending on day of week).  Besides that, the atmosphere is nice and cozy with an 'interesting' decor.  There is a lot of 'Americana' (think rooster prints on canvas with a checkered border) that IMO needs to go.  It doesn't seem to fit with the rest of the wall art and style of restaurant.  Then again, I don't think that should belong anywhere besides my crafty aunt's basement.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,1/3/2012,57,156,2,8,4>Peter W. history lesson #1:I grew up in Rocky River and from the time I was born until the sad day when I was away at college and it closed, Trio's Pizza on Lake Road was the yardstick by which all pizza was measured.  Over the years, I have had all kinds of pizza in all kinds of places, some of it better and some if it worse than Trio's, but either way Trio's was the benchmark to be met or exceeded. Why do I bring this up in a review for Tommy's Pizza?  Because the pizza we got from Tommy's last night tasted exactly like Trio's to me, and I couldn't be happier about it.  Sauce that was't too sweet, nor too tangy, a lot of but not too much cheese, and a generous covering of pepperoni.  If there's one thing I would change, it's that there wasn't as much of a ring of crust around the outside as I prefer, but that's really not a big deal considering the rest of the pie. Peter W. history lesson #2:For years I have been bemoaning the lack of good fried chicken in Lakewood.  I have found a couple of good sources for the stuff in this neck of the woods, but those places tend to have hours that don't necessarily jive with mine, so I was still looking for a reliable place to order chicken from.   Having tried Tommy's chicken, I think we might have a winner.  The chicken was crispy and seasoned well.  It was good hot out of the box, and it also passed the morning after straight out of the fridge test (the pizza did too for that matter).  The accompanying JoJo fries and cole slaw were great as well.With one other location in Strongsville, I'm glad Tommy's chose to open up store number two in Lakewood, and even happier that they chose a location so close to my home.  I'm pretty sure this is going to be our new go to pizza joint.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2011,1/2/2012,62,160,2,9,5>So, I rowed way back in high school and when I moved to Cleveland last summer I thought I might want to take it up again.  Well, things got a little busy and before I knew it I was bogged down with work and school.  Thanks to Cara for posting up the Learn to Row info up on Yelp and giving me that little extra push to head down there now that I have more time.  The LTR program goes over one day (about 7:30 - 2) and covers everything beginners need to know about rowing on the river in Cleveland (and it also reminds a few of us who have done it before of things we may have forgotten).  A little bit of a classroom session with Erik and then down for a boathouse tour and some work on the erg's before hitting the water.The boathouse is beautiful.....and they just moved in a little while ago after the old boathouse burned down.  They have a lot of room here and are working hard to improve the area and make it into a Riverfront Park that everyone can enjoy.  Lots of room for boats (so many places row out of here: high schools, colleges and universities along with the master rowers and private members).  The only thing that I wish the boathouse had, is a nice indoor rowing tank, then it would be complete!For the rest of the day, you'll be out on the water in your 8 with a couple of experienced rowers and a coxswain along with your coach alongside in the launch.  They'll teach you everything basic about getting the boat in and out of the water and the fundamentals of the stroke.....and how not to get run over or swamped by the 7-story high ships that come down the Cuyahoga!After such a fantastic day out on the water, I knew I had to sign up for the rest of the summer....these people are fantastic, in reality, it seems more like the Hash House Harriers...they're a "social club with a rowing problem".  The group camaraderie was so amazing that I even convinced a fellow Yelper to join up with me too....and I anticipate an excellent summer out on the water!  They still have two more Learn to Row programs before the summer rowing league starts up so come on out and give it a try  ;o)
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2011,1/1/2012,58,32,2,9,2>Try it for the sense of adventure and discovery. Try it for the genuine warmth and kindness of the people. Try it for the delicious food that you eat with your hands. Just try it.The décor is cozy, island-y, authentic-feeling, and pleasantly dated. My table of four split four vegetarian entrees and it was more than enough. Airy pancakes are used to scoop and eat the food. The pancake texture is really odd -- but in a good way; you'll see what I mean when you get your own paws on them. Each entree was $9-10.The people working here couldn't have been any more warm and friendly.I want to go back and share it with more friends. Soon!
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,12/31/2011,29,41,4,4,4>I don't know much about Players besides the fact that they sent me a coupon (pretty sizable one at that too) for being new to the neighborhood. I glanced at the reviews at yelp once and thought "nice, I'll get there eventually" but the coupon's expiration date hasten the process.The ambience was very inviting for a date night with courtship or brownie points scoring in mind. (as Cara L. mentioned in her reviews). I don't do much of that now with 2 kids and a hectic work schedule. For appetizers, I had the squid. Ok, Ok. ok, it's the calamari. Mind you squid is English and the word calamari is the plural of the word squid in italian. Squid is squid not matter what language you call it. I know it in a few languages, then again if I say it out loud, you may think I'm cussing at you. Anyways, off my soap box, the squid is awesome. it's served on to of a bedding of vinegar coleslaw which I though, should have been on the side. Also comes with miracle whip, Sriracha sauce and a sweet and tangy thai-ques sauce. All good. The squid was cooked to perfection.Next, item i had was the Warm spinach salad. Now, this was probably the best spinach salad (or any salad for that matter) I've ever had. Goat cheese (again, the name escapes me), with walnuts, a vinaigrette dressing and sweet slices of pears. Each bit was a an exciting taste explosion of a perfect balance of sweet, tart, cheese and savory. Very memorable.I had their one of their special items which was just pasta in red sauce with meatballs. Of course the name escapes me. To me it's just tomato sauce with freshly made pasta served with a little bit of pancetta (I had to google that word) and awesomely made meatballs. My companion said the sauce was a little on the sour side, I agree but that's the chief's personal take on the all italian sauce.My significant other had the Penne alla vodka, which is creamy and with seafood (check out description on their website). Can't go wrong there. I'm a hot head so when I had the left-overs with crushed red the next morning, I thought it was marvelous.Since this is one of my longest reviews yet, I'm going to say go when you have the chance. It's a real treat.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2011,12/30/2011,98,206,2,3,3>I've completely forgotten about this place, right across the street from Steve's. Although I wouldn't drive out of the neighborhood to here, this is worth a stop if you're in Old Brooklyn. It's a nice Italian bakery, deli, and food import store. There's a few It's not very large, the size of a classroom. I finally had their pizza a few days ago. At $14 for a plain large pizza, it's pricier than some other pizza shops but the quality and taste are noticeably better. The pizza had mozzarella and some other cheese in it (my dad guessed provolone), wasn't burned at all, and the sauce wasn't salty or sweet like many other budget pizza shops in the area that all taste the same. It's a family business so they close a bit early (around 6 or 7p) and there's no delivery.If I needed to bring something from Old Brooklyn to a yelp potluck or something with foodies, I'd probably stop here, as long as they were open.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,12/29/2011,40,92,,5,4>Algebra Tea House is a truly unique experience in Cleveland. Everything in the place is hand made, right down to the espresso cups. The hospitality is always extraordinary - but maybe in a European way. There's usually only one person working there, so if you order food, it will be a while. But the food is excellent, and clearly a labor of love. The brunch menu on Saturday and Sunday is my favorite, and the whole place smells of the best bacon. The teas are all excellent. The coffee is unique, and bears no relation to anything you would find at Starbucks. It's a very light roast with some interesting spice (maybe cadamom?). Keep an open mind, and you might find yourself wanting more by the time you get to the bottom of the mug.So grab a book, or sit down and play one of their many board games, or just come to think about stuff. Algebra Tea House is the kind of place you will not forget.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,12/28/2011,104,314,3,2,2>I have been going to the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo since I was a wee little kid.  And I'm still going.  Took the wife and kids to the zoo today and we had a great time.Then new elephant exhibit is great!  It was a little cold today (62 degrees), most of the animals were out and about and I finally got to see the wolves.  They're so elusive!Can't wait to take the kids again.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2011,12/27/2011,63,147,2,4,3>UPDATE The bread pudding is much improved now - its made of Brandy infused ice-cream as well as brandy infused caramel, garnished with berries.  The bread pudding definitely an adult version and it is perfectly balanced with moist sweet taste and the brandy ice-cream cannot be left behind.   Deagan's improvement of this item is an astronomical improvement to the former version. They are still carrying the seasonal Summer Shandy (as of this update). My second visit at Deagan's led me to taste Hawaiian Opah ( a white-salmon type fish, see the uploaded pic) medium well prepared and server with vinaigrette and garnished with bean sprouts.  If you like fish this is a great tasty fish entree to try.  It does have a slight fishy smell to it, thus the need for a liking to fish to try this.--------------   I went to Deagan's based on Rachel's and Cara's review.The drinks and beer are most definitely high-end but not all are high-price.  Although, their food quality is very good but are not as high-end as that of a true european gastropub.  I will however return to Deagan's.  I want to try many of variety of beer on the tap and menu.  I had the Summer Shandy as well as the Shandygaff - the former amber ale the later a mixed beer.  Both very impressive with the right blend of hop & taste.  Feeling somewhat adventurous I ordered their "Crisp Chicken Livers, pork belly over polenta, shallots".   I found this dish prepared with a good balance of crisp from the batter but slightly overcooked livers and pork belly.  We also had the "Chocolate Almond Bread Pudding" which I found to be far too dry than expected. There was a bit of confusion with our wait staff due to shift change that led us to wait 15 min before even served drinks.  We were noticed by a neighboring table wait staff who immediately corrected the issue and even had the manager stop by and offer us our first round of drinks on the house.  I must say, this was very impressive.  This is EXACTLY how an eatery should address snafu that come up.  From my perspective, no one is perfect and running a busy eatery has its challenges, but when the staff graciously take responsibility of oversight and do their best to correct it - that's the mark of a customer service oriented establishment.  Deagan's has a lot of promise and potential.  They definitely show desire to grow and I felt they are still trying to perfect their offerings.  One suggestion I might have is for them to maybe reduce the number of diverse food items on the menu and increase & perfect the quality of the fewer items.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2011,12/26/2011,31,161,8,3,4>Had the marathon not diverted us down Fulton we probably would not have been lucky enough to eat at this fine dining institution.  They squeezed us in upstairs without reservations, because the patio was full.  Too bad, but I still brought the party to the second floor.To start, margaritas.  We opted for the sampler because we wanted to try everything.  Cucumber, blood orange, hibiscus flower, and yuzu (a Japanese citrus fruit).  I wanted to love the cucumber, yet, I couldn't help but think it tasted like a facial.  The cucumber and tequila flavors were not getting along in my mouth.  I wanted to pull my car over and scold the two of them in the back seat until they made up, but it didn't happen.  Mommy was not happy.  My utmost favorite had to be the blood orange.  However, the hibiscus flower was quite tasty.  Just not sure I could drink a full glass of it.  Tequila and I have a temultuous relationship.  I didn't want to tell you, but I filed a restraining order against it.  Obviously I'm an obsessed lover who needs some counseling because I never stay away.What the frock?  That's a lot of guac! The guacs were pretty good.  We also got the sampler, which came with 3 flavors of our choice.  And that filled us up enough not to have room for our entrees.  Guess what I ordered for an entree?  Bite your tongue... Wait for it.....Cat got your tongue?  No, Sarah does!  That's right.  I ordered la lengua. It's not the first time I've ever had more than one tongue in my mouth at once, but it's the first time I've swallowed one!  It wasn't hard to swallow, like most tongues are.  It was tender and tasted almost like beef tips. It came with salsa verde that tasted fresher than a frat boy on a Saturday night.  It was accompanied by a jicama and pineapple slaw, too, which was refreshing.  I HIGHLY recommend the tongue!!!  Must try.  Get it.  Just do it.  Don't be a bitch. I have a hard time accepting the fact that there's leftover tongue sitting in my refridgerator....  Everytime I open the fridge I hear, "Hey lady! Can you put me next to the milk?"  I think I'll warm it up on the stove tomorrow for lunch, over some rice.  Mmmmmmm.... I can hardly wait.  I'm drooling
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,12/25/2011,271,526,4,8,6>So, being from Illinois, I'd never had a "ripper" which it turns out, is a deep-fried hot dog and in this case, smothered with fantastic slaw and all kinds of other delicious items which I can no longer recall. The perogis? Exactly right. Giganto potato wedges with ballpark mustard? C'mon. Lion hosted a fantastic weekend of Mods vs Rockers complete with a giant parking lot for the meet-and-greet plus a huge menu with something for everybody (I wasn't feeling too adventurous when I got into town so they whipped up a simple mushroom/Swiss burger for me) and an equally huge beer list from cheap to not cheap. There's a ton of space for your friends, lots of space to park your motorcycles and scooters and a really long bar to prop you up as you go.It's been added to my "Cleveland Rocks" destination itinerary. Thanks, Lion.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,12/24/2011,88,79,5,5,6>I am barely aware that they serve drinks.Was slightly less aware of the allegations that they serve food. I can't imagine wanting to eat here. The place is way too crowded, somewhat stuffy and not really reaching or trying to perfect the "food" vibe.The reason I come here is for the "Five On It" nights, where the DJ spins classic 80's and 90's hip-hop down in the basement. If you are ever sore that you weren't an actor or in hip-hop in NY back in the 80's, and therefore didn't star or participate in the movie Krush Groove, this is an instant cure.Cleveland is one of the most racist places I've been in the U.S. However, you'd never know while cutting floor with easily the most diverse club crowd in the city. Whether you're there to groove with the miss or just chill at the bar to De La Soul, Digable Planets or Tupac (r.i.p.) you'll be welcomed. The best dance party in Cleveland. Maybe the country. The last Saturday of every month, it gets wicked dope on Lorain Ave.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2011,12/23/2011,19,287,2,6,3>I think this is unequivocally the best Asian grocery store in Cleveland.  Why?  Well they carry Chinese goods but they also have a decent amount of Japanese goods.  The frozen foods section is good and they have a nice variety and selection of produce, all of which are reasonably priced.  The space is big, after all, square footage is not really an issue in the Randall Park Mall area.  Parking is easy too.  The surrounding area seems a little dicey, but is there any Asian grocery store in Cleveland where that's not the case?  On the day that I ventured to CAM I was delighted to find fresh persimmons, plump chestnuts that I plan to roast, Kabocha (Its a type of Japanese squash that I haven't been able to find since moving to Cleveland), a decent selection of Japanese pickles and Japanese fish cakes. They also had a nice selection of teas.   There is a small restaurant in the grocery store for those feeling adventurous.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,12/22/2011,263,228,5,9,7>can you possibly look forward to a dentist? well, yeah. this one rocks. I find writing this review to be a tad uncomfortable. I don't mind reviewing soulless corporations, hard working small businesses and such, but this takes it to a more personal level. Dr. Chambers has been my dentist for about 13 years. And frankly, he has been a friend for almost as long. Business is business, but we did in time develop a genuine friendship aside from our professional relationship. And Dr Chambers being one of the cooler people i know, and me being in the hospitality industry, our paths crossed on occasion.  And lucky for me that they did, as being a bartender/waiter for 18 years, dental care was not my biggest priority. Eating was. Paying rent was. Dr Marty, as I now call him, was well aware of the plight I, and others in my industry suffer. All said and done, I owe the guy a lot. He really saved my mouth from a dismal fate. I used to smoke, flossing was not a daily thing.... Methodical, fastidious, and fast. Dr Marty don't mess around. He gets the job done, tells you your options on your dental care and the ramifications of various levels of care. He is a straight shooter, has a great sense of humor, and is a helluva guy that also teaches, and works on the less fortunate in our fair city. Big props, bigger respect. A few of the old 70's down on their luck Cavs dudes owe him their current smile. Bottom line; great dental work, no unneeded bullshit, and he works fast and precisely. Last month, I had a tooth split and a filling pop 2 days before a trip to Chicago. Called for an emergency appointment.He's off. It is a holiday weekend.BUT - He calls me back, then - In. Out. Done. Flawless. Highly recommend. First class dental hygienists and techs as well. State of the art equipment, as he teaches at Case and has to stay up on these things I would think. Fuckin A, my first dentist memory involves a drill that you had to pedal. With your feet. Like a freakin' antique sewing machine. (My parents were immigrants.) I also remember the x-rays being developed in a closet. Needless to say, I have emotional dental related scars.  The drilling scene from the movie "Marathon Man" comes to mind.Dr. Martin Chambers.  A helluva Irish Dentist.One last thing.  He is also my 80 year old mothers new dentist since she moved to Lakewood.  And she loves him.Carry on.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2010,12/21/2011,153,207,6,10,12>"Cleveland. Where the lake is Erie and the tower is Terminal." -- John Grabowski of the Western Reserve Historical Society.This weekend, we traveled 42 flights to the observation deck of the Terminal Tower. Oft heralded as Cleveland's most iconic structure since it's birth in the late 1920's; the view was remarkable. Located centrally on Public Square, the observation deck offered a 30 mile, 360-degree view of city. The Flats, Lake Erie, the Cuyahoga River and the distant suburbs could all be seen from this vantage point.Mike Hudson, lead singer of  the '70s punk band the Pagans compared the Terminal Tower to a "medieval fortress," or the "Emerald City of Oz." Beloved local weatherman Dick Goddard refers to the tower as the "Gray Lady." Call it whatever you'd like, the Terminal Tower is an awe inspiring structure. It's architecture is certainly unique to the other skyscrapers in this city. Similarities are often drawn to buildings that came out of Communist USSR in the late '30s-'50s. Whether or not the Stalin inspired Gothic designs were a point of reference or not remains unknown. Primarily used today for mixed use office space, the Terminal Tower, despite no longer being the largest building in Cleveland, will forever reign as one of the most memorable symbols of the city. Whether in daylight or at night when lit up in one of the alternating colors depending on season or significance, the 80-year-old tower is plenty deserving of serving as landmark to Cleveland's Public Square now and into the future.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,12/20/2011,31,136,1,5,2>How have I not written a review of Pet-Tique already?????  My dog and I moved to the area earlier this year and I'm so glad that I found Pet-Tique!  It is one of those stores that isn't just to make money- they're really invested in the community.I have to admit that I was initially afraid that the prices of this boutique style pet store would be higher than other places.  At least when it comes to dog food they're the same as the chain stores.  AND they have a customer loyalty program that gives perks to frequent shoppers.  They are also very familiar with their products.  I've had a few questions about items and could not be more pleased with how knowledgeable they are.  While some places might make suggestions with the motivation to sell a higher dollar they repeatedly have not.  That sort of treatment makes me feel as though they're actually interested in the needs of the customer and in particular the pets!  As a totally indulgent dog owner I do appreciate that!!!The shop is on the small side and parking spots are very limited, however; plenty of street parking is available.  In spite of the smaller size of the store they've made the most of their space and I can't say enough about how awesome the store is!
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2011,12/19/2011,150,222,2,4,5>Nice little burrito joint in the heart of the West 25th action.  As a burrito joint, absolutely acceptable.  I really liked my burrito.  The service was ok, and the restaurant itself if very clean, plus the bonus patio is a nice added touch to people watch.  You're not going here for 5-star Mexican, you are going here for a burrito on par or a little better than Chipotle, and it's perfect for that.  The burritos are no bigger than competitors however a bit more tasty.  Locally owned and operated small business, give them a shot.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,12/18/2011,30,204,9,7,5>I have walked along the beach in Waikiki but I prefer walking the cafeteria line at Sokolowski's. I had tea at the British Embassy in Washington, DC but I prefer a table at Sokolowski's. This restaurant is like a never ending Polish wedding. Friends and relatives of all ages come here. While waiting in line people talk with you and the wait time flies by. This is just a happy place. There is food and music and laughter. Make no mistake this is not nostalgic, or retro, or a place of memories. Sokolowski's lives in the now serving food that has always been the norm in Cleveland not a thing of the past. And to all of you who say it reminds you of your grandmother's basement, I envy you. My granny never had a president in her basement nor had she earned any recognitions nor been on national television. The food as many reviewers stated is the food of our city. Sokolowski's happens to do it larger than anyplace else. You know exactly what everything is. No need for a paragraph description for each item. The stuffed cabbage is bigger than your fist, the pierogies swim in a lake of butter and onions, and the sausages scream of garlic and smoke. The salad bar has beets and horse radish and cucumbers in sour cream. As good as any wedding where the aunts bring platters of their particular specialties. Better than going to a wedding because you get off a lot cheaper than a wedding gift costs. The last time I was there one of my friends had a house guest from London who joined us for dinner. He took so much food a busboy had to carry a second tray. When we left he said he felt like he was leaving a party and no place in London compares for food and price and fun. That said a lot as Londoners are like those from San Francisco. They think everything about their cities is the best and never stop telling you. I have seen the Sokolowski family on television. They take great pride in what they do. Some cooks say they cook with love to them I say you can improve greatly if you follow the Sokolowskis and cook with skill and pride.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2011,12/17/2011,28,60,,4,4>I believe my wedding was a bit of an anomaly. We had zero issue with anyone we used, and I attribute a lot of that to Yelp! as well as a few other sources we used.When selecting Brennan's to be our caterer and party center, it was a no-brainer. Our families had been intertwined for years, as most Lakewood-dwelling families seem to be. My Grandmother S. knew one of the Grandparents B., who was friends with Great Uncle S., and who played bridge and cribbage with Great Uncle B. Or, something.From the first moment we contacted the folks at Brennan's, they were excited for us. They wanted us to have the best wedding possible, and they helped deliver it. When we didn't know our room count, but estimated it could be in the two hundreds, they said "Okay. You can have the big room." When we didn't know about alcohol or a DJ, or flowers, they gave us names and numbers. They didn't press anyone on us, simply stating that people liked these DeeJay, and also liked these flowers. When it came to the reception, no one assumed anything. Each guest's question was then asked of us by our fantastic host, Jason. He made sure we were comfortable, that our guests had everything, and that when it came time to clean up, we had a crew of folks there to assist, so that the exhausted bride and groom could go and sleep off a wonderful night.As far as the food? Fantastic. Our menu was: Roast Beef, Chicken Marsala, Corn O'Brien, Rigatoni with Marinara, Oven Roasted Red-Skinned Potatoes, Salad, Rolls, Butter, Desert Tray, Cheese Tray and chips and pretzels at the bar (I mean, what are we? Savages? of course not!) Everything was warm, tasty, and well seasoned. Very few people had a complaint and those that did are chronic complainers anyway. Accoustically, the venue was great. While our song played for our first dance, no one had any clue my bride and I were making fun of our friends and family because the music was just loud enough and echoed just enough!I'm happy we chose Brennans, and if I could give a half star, I would. If you're on the west side of Cleveland, consider Brennan's. It doesn't have the curb appeal of some of the newer spots in Westlake or Avon, but trust me: What they lack on the outside, they more than make up for on the inside. Let them cater your event. You won't be sorry.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,12/16/2011,17,54,4,5,3>If only I could move this place to East Cleve.. I'd be compelete. An awesome father and son duo. Very kind and helpful when ordering. The specialty is arepas-- so it was an easy choice. My fiancé loved it! Very crispy on the outside, and soft and chewy on the inside. My choice was impulsive, and I ordered the hotdog. We shared the queso dip. All delicious! I wanna go back to try the sandwiches.**disclaimer: kinda hard to see because it looks like a house, so go slow. Also, be patient, dynamic duo didn't have an extra hand, so the latin street fast-food wasn't so fast.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,12/15/2011,68,481,3,6,3>Sweet relief in the form of a cute semi-hidden hair salon on Lee Road! Who knew?!I've been "growing my hair out" for awhile now and the in between cuts are so important to this process when you're trying to bounce back from a pixie cut...then an asymmetrical cut...then a seriously poorly cut asymmetrical cut. My poor hair was botched the last time I got an in between haircut and I was seriously unhappy with it. I've been working for months and months to get my hair to grow out and reach a certain length and style goal, so you can imagine my disappointment when my stylist didn't really listen and set me back a month or two. After even trying to point out the issues that were evident in the chair and getting shrugged off, I knew a change had to be made. After learning about Cut at the big Yelp Burstday party, I figured I'd give them a try. The girls at the booth seemed nice enough and the overall feeling of the salon was really clean CUT...heh. Sorry. So many "cuts". Mandy seems like a really well versed gal when it comes to hair. She immediately took my photo suggestions and developed a plan for correcting what had gone so wrong with my last cut. She even suggested some little tweaks to better fit my face shape, which was a huge sigh of relief for me! I've been waiting to find a hairdresser that will actually take into consideration the fact that the hair will be on my head. As in around my face. As in framing ME. MY FACE. HAIR. It all works together! Woohoo Mandy gets it! (I feel like they all do here; all very professional and talented people, from what I understand.)I was really pleased with the advice and talented treatment that my locks underwent. I feel like this could get serious. Like I could become--dun dun DUN--monogamous. I'll be coming back in about a month to continue this long trek to what I actually want my hair to look like. In the meantime, I'm going to keep on growing it.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2011,12/14/2011,97,170,1,3,2>The ambiance is great! Nice decor and furniture setting. I haven't had their food but their drinks are delicious. I stopped in after happy hour for a 2nd round of drinks and I tried their Singapore Sling...not a big fan of it. It had a strong taste of the gin and I like fruity drinks, so the bartender actually was very nice and made me another drink for me for no charge. It was a Tokyo Drink tea --all I remember was that it was green and tasted like honeydew. I have to come back to try their happy hour menu, the prices of food isn't that bad either. They serve sushi which are reasonable and because I ate before, I didn't order any food. I heard this was a new place so had to check it out and definitely a great addition to Ohio City.9/29---Went here with a friend after checking out Firkin Thursday at GLBC ...we wanted to try sushi. Great decision so far ....we ordered a couple of drinks and two sushi rolls. Everything tasted up to par especially their dessert. It was crispy and enough said with the berries. They were sweet! Their rainbow roll was the bomb but I wasn't too crazy for their spicy tuna roll.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,12/13/2011,178,155,8,6,6>What Stefanie C. said.Seriously, though. I had never been to Mahall's before the other day. I loved the vintage lanes and vintage everything for that matter! Hehehe, it WAS fun to try and figure out how to keep score. Somehow I won, hehehe... Probably due to the fact that we F-ed up the scoring ;)These guys were very accommodating and yah, it's cheap. They have lots of colorful balls. Even blue ones.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,12/12/2011,342,426,5,10,6>Hip. Stylish. Cool. Contemporary. Artsy. Unique. Made in the 216. By far, one of the coolest, hip, one of a kind clothing stores. And what's best about it? Yes, it's in Cleveland.My friend and I were walking around E.4th looking around for coffee to resolve my caffeine fix.  We turned the corner, and both did a double take at Dredgers Union. We looked at each other and were both like, "whoa! Let's go in!" and off we went.What's great about The Dredgers Union is the pride that the store shows. . Most of the store is fully represented by local Cleveland artists and fashion designers. The clothes, the furniture in the basement, the art along the walls, the kitchen tools, the books, etcera- all local artists and designers. How cool is that. This is the type of pride that Cleveland needs.The clothes are great. Great fashions, all different for all different type of styles. From hipster to classy to more rugged, they got it all. The prices range all over- from pretty cheap to more club monaco prices, but nonetheless, the fashion here is great.Along the side of the store are lots of other items- kitchen tools, books, kitchen appliances, you name it. Then, walk down the stairs, where in the basement, you'll find more clothes, and even furniture. Yes, furniture. We saw this chair which was pretty much fashioned out of a tree stump of some sorts. Crazy.My fave part? The art along the walls. All completely Cleveland inspired- landmarks, words defining Cle, everything you can think of. Not something you would find in some Cle touristy store- but art that represents the heart of Cle. Definitely a stop when you're in Cle downtown. Utterly cool. Hip. Modern. Everything....something that you wouldn't think you would find in Cle. The store entirely represents Cleveland individuals though- hard working, genuine, blue collar people that the city represents. Go 216. Take a stop at The Dredgers Union next time you're on E.4th. So worth it.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2011,12/11/2011,95,107,3,2,2>Is it weird to say that this is the best smelling store and I wish I could bottle their scent and make it into a lotion? Probably, but I don't care. This place is where dreams are made. Walking in is total adhd overload. Look at the popcorn! And the candy! Oooh cupcakes (everyone knows I have a soft spot for cupcakes, given my tattoo and employment)! Everyone is cheerful, I mean... how could you not be, working in a popcorn shop as beautiful as this?! While  I've always loved their stand in the market, Campbell's is a welcome storefront on up-and-coming w.25th .  I was shocked at their extremely reasonable prices. My friend filled up a large box for ten bucks. The popcorn, as always, is wonderful. You've got to try the Dichotomy, cheesy, caramelly, wonderfulness. I could totally fill up on all the samples and they'd have to wheel me outta there. Dill pickle, strawberry shortcake, fruity pebbles... all of the flavors were spot on. Its really a good thing I got a gym membership a few months ago because damn, those chocolates look good. They even have chocolate covered jalapeños (which I am dying to try...)! I previously stated something about making everyone's gifts this year but I think I might just cheat and buy a lot of Campbell's. J
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2011,12/10/2011,128,99,4,5,7>Wifey and I decided to cheap out and go to Dante for the Late Night Noodle Menu. Open past midnight and it's also good. Late Night Noodle Menu is happy hour where you choose a combination of noodle and broth. AND they serve Asahi and Kirin for $3... my friends, that alone makes the trip worthwhile.Choice of noodles: ramen, soba, somen, udon. And you choose any of the broths: beef, miso, pork, shoyu. I would stay away from the ramen and order the udon, which is the safest choice. Can't go wrong with any of the broths. All served with nori, pork belly, mustard greens, shitake, cabbage, and a poached egg. Probably won't be satisfied with the half order, so go with the full.Also ordered the Black Forbidden Rice, which was good. I like how you can order any appetizer in a half or tasting portion. Definitely interested in trying everything else.Our server was FANTASTIC - Dante is a classy place. And even though we didn't order the $20 entree like our neighbors, our server made sure we're taken care of and offered high quality service. He definitely took care of us and we showed our appreciation... with better tips.At the end, they roll out a candy cart station and literally give you a hand full of candies to take home. Plus, it's not the generic kind. Winner.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,12/9/2011,140,180,5,7,6>I visited after reading Dick S.'s review.  Good gravy, man, this place is amazing!If you've ever been to lovely Puerto Rico, you are likely pining for a piragua or some of those insanely good, fried pockets of glory.  If you haven't been,  go to this bakery anyway.  The staff is really nice and friendly, and will explain and describe all their offerings. The food is authentic and made with a lot of care.  For the love of God, please try the rice pudding.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,12/8/2011,69,192,,6,3>Food:  Excellent. (I had the blackened catfish with wild rice and black eyed peas.  Also, their corn muffins are legit.)Location:  Excellent. (Shaker Square - love that I can take the rapid.)Ambiance:  Excellent. (Never been to Zanzibar but this place has a cool, contemporary vibe that makes me think it's probably worth a trip.)So why the four star rating, which should probably be three but the food was really good so I'll keep it at four stars?Slowest.  Service.  Ever.  If you have time to spare, like our group of nine did, then perhaps this won't cramp your style but if you hate waiting or have somewhere to be, I'd avoid Zanzibar.  Our meal took a little over two hours even though we ordered right away and the restaurant wasn't that packed.  Granted, by the time the food came out it was worth the wait but still.  Step it up Zanzibar and you'll easily be a five star establishment in no time.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,12/7/2011,22,92,,3,2>I grew up in Cleveland, but now live in the Columbus area. The central Ohio delis just don't stand up to what you can get in Cleveland, at least in terms of Jewish comfort food. I visited last weekend and ended up at Jack's before 10am. I got challah french toast, home fries and, of course, matzo ball soup. Awesome. If you get matzo ball soup, it is a bit plain- just broth and a matzo ball, but the matzo ball is really all you need. Its fairly large, soft and tastes just right. My hubby's not the breakfast type, so he got their BBQ brisket sandwich with fries and coleslaw. He started with a potato latke and applesauce. Yum! He really liked the sandwich- it's the second time in a row he's gotten it. The coleslaw is vinegar-based, not laden with mayo, which he appreciated. Jack's has just about everything you could want! From deli sandwiches to Jewish food staples, and it's all delicious! Beware that some of the servers aren't the friendliest, but if you can ignore that, the food is worth it.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,12/6/2011,145,54,,9,7>Someday my husband and I'll hopefully be members at The Union Club - but, for now, I am extremely thankful that my father in-law is.I've had the pleasure of celebrating a wedding, attending cooking classes, partaking in scotch, wine, and Belgian beer tastings, as well as mingling at several professional networking events at this beautifully historic venue. All of which were superb - exquisite, really.There is simply no other place in Cleveland like The Union Club (fun fact: five of Ohio's US Presidents have been members). It's almost like you're transported to another era - surrounded by ornate oil paintings, prestigious staircases, brilliant chandeliers, and distinguished wood paneling. This illustrious atmosphere is somehow not imposing - in fact, it's quite warm and welcoming. A feature undoubtedly accented by and credited to their hospitable staff, who my husband and I have grown increasingly fond of throughout the years.Classy and unpretentious. The Union Club has nothing to prove - it's simply a remarkable Cleveland institution.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,12/5/2011,11,16,6,4,8>For those of you that avoid Tremont because you always get lost - get a friggin' GPS, you simply must go. It's a chocoholic's playground that will satisfy the sexually deprived and surely turn even the most macho-est of men into mush. I've seen it happen.Lilly is located in a lovely little blue house at the corner of Starkweather and Professor. Like the gingerbread house from Hansel & Gretel, it's warm and inviting, the windows glowing with sparkly pink decor and swirly hand-made signs. Inside, the walls are lined with beers and wines from all over the world, gift boxes, champagnes, and splendid employees. Yes, "splendid" is the perfect word to describe them: sugar-high smiles, pink or purple hair, and trilling "hellooooooo" upon your arrival. They're either angels or devils, I haven't decided.Each morsel is a work of art, decorated with colorful stripes or flowers (like those trippy hippy candles) and affectionately named things like "The Southern Gentleman," "Boozie Suzie," or "Forty Winks." How do they get the patterns onto the pieces? I was told they have elves in the back.My favorite treat is the "After Midnite" - It's a vegan truffle, made dairy free by blending bitter stout with the darkest of chocolates, then rolled in cocoa. Yes, rich soft balls that have made even the most modest of my family members exclaim, "This is better than sex!" All of the vegan chocolates are made with booze instead of milk, enhancing the flavor like a punch to the face, followed by a sweet little wake up kiss.Here's the bad news - a box of six chocolates is eleven bones. It's outrageous. It's shocking. It's so freaking delicious, you'll be willing to give up a few meals a week to afford it. Six pieces of chocolates becomes an event - so expensive, you're forced to savor; so complex, each bite is an experience. Black lava sea salt, hints of lavender, cayenne pepper - even bacon. It's like wine tasting - but sweeter. And don't even get me started on the drinking chocolate - forget that standard watery hot chocolate we're all used to - this is different. A heavy, thick, melted concoction of gourmet chocolates and spice that requires slurping and will leave you in a happy coma.It's like Spring Break for your taste buds: you'll probably spend too much money, but it tastes so good to be bad.  And you'd do it again in a second.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,12/4/2011,137,196,4,5,1>I have been here twice and both times it was great. I will drive (or fly) out of my way to eat a good hot dog. These aren't as good as some i have had, but they are very good.It was against all my principles to order a hamburger at a hod dog place, but i wanted to see how they were. I got the Rockin' Ranch burger and i have to say, it was fantastic. In fact, it was better than the Coney dog i got. Their fries are awesome but be careful, a small is definitely enough for 2 people. They opened in an old Taco Bell which is ... weird. The dining room is tiny and from what i saw, it lacked a restroom. There is outside dining available at picnic tables that adorn what used to be the drive thru  lane. Being that i am an over-eater and lack the basic willpower to refrain from eating what i know i shouldn't, I ordered the Peanut Butter Chocolate milk shake. Ladies and Gentleman of Yelp i say unto you... that is one damn good shake. I would go there just for that shake. In fact, i think i teared up just writing that. This is probably not the best date restaurant and i didn't feel the prices matched the establishment, but that's the extent of my complaints. If you want a good quick meal, fantastic fries and one bitchin milkshake.. I would really recommend giving this place a try!
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,12/2/2011,88,296,8,7,4>My local dive  bar has been spruced up!  It was recently bought by new owners who have a bit more vision than the last owners.Most know of the Duck Island Club from it's 90's reputation.  So apparently it used to be quite the Metal bar, complete with huge piles of Cocaine and tranies wandering in and out of the bathrooms.It's come full circle since then, so don't worry about keeping your knife close anymore.The front bar area has been split up so it has more of a DJ deck, elevated sitting area and the bar mirror framed by a nice clean white frame.  They Mid-Clean up owner bought a slew of pretentious mod chairs which just didn't fit in the dive bar atmosphere that the rest of the bar presented.  Now they have just a couple of the mod-chairs left as accent pieces and it actually works! The back for the last few years has been a couple of old couches with big white sheets over them claiming to be "covers".  I think they had an untouched game of chess set up for anyone daring to get fleas.  Now those have been replaced by nice new booths.  It's like a whole new place!  Overall, the Duck is clean, unpretentious and a worth-while stop on any Ohio City bar crawl.  You'll sit next to some local Duck Island residents, overflow from Velvet Tango, or possibly a bike courier or two, but everyone has welcomed us in with open arms.Random note: If per chance you fall and bloody yourself up, the bartenders have a great first aid kit!
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2011,12/1/2011,215,36,3,11,10>OMGGGGGGGGGGGGG!Today i checked out Deering Vintage's new spot on West 25th, I almost died! Completely different from the last spot, this new space is beautiful, I mean like everything I have ever loved in boutique shopping wrapped into one adorable pink and brown cladded place.  everything is organized and grouped together, the ceilings are high and the displays make you want to buy everything you see! I had called Cindy a few weeks ago looking for a particular bracelete that i had seen at her former location, she promptly called me back and I was overly excited to check out her new space and pick up my item (which I cannot mention since its a gift). She seems happier here, and who wouldn't be? surrounded by wonderful fashion, vintage hat boxes, sparkly jewelry and great bags? Definitely a place worth checking out!
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2011,11/30/2011,364,514,7,10,7>Sweet Sassy Mose-lassy, I'm in heaven! I met RBJ and baby cakes here for a mid-day ice cream break. We are birds of a feather, because the meet-up began with talks of coffee, then I suggested froyo, which quickly became ice cream when we both let our walls down and admitted what we really wanted. I wasn't able to make it to her birthday bash at Sweet Moses back in the day, and being my pocketbook isn't packed, I've not felt an occasion worthy to stop by. Don't get me wrong, I've long been jealous of other cities' old fashioned soda fountains or ice cream parlors (see Cincinnati's Aglamesis Bro's).  I've been plenty excited to stop by, but I'm a believer in making big moments, like encountering soda jerks in this day and age,  big. A leisurely afternoon with RBJ was the perfect opportunity to really enjoy the ambiance, ice cream, and soda jerkiness of it all. I hadn't read any reviews of Sweet Moses since the store actually opened, but I had some expectations, one of which was overwhelming nostalgia. This isn't really what I encountered. Instead, I found the tone of the experience set by the approach to the store, newness. The Gordon Square street-scape has incorporated contemporary architectural detail that makes things look not vintage, but now. This was my first impression of Sweet Moses, new. Unlike other soda fountains or ice cream parlors, Sweet Moses seems contemporary. Sure, there is definitely a soda fountain, complete with uniforms that include paper hats, but the clean lines, framed over sized poster, and nothing kitsch about the place, presents a store that is all 2011. There's an earnestness about Sweet Moses that says "yes, we're a soda fountain, but we aren't a gimmick." Sweet Moses is a sugary haven that could make a go of it without the hype of nostalgia, just like an ice cream parlor of the early 20th century, a place that became a beloved neighborhood hangout not because it was nostalgic, but because it served up what people loved. What do I love? The bananas foster ice cream with hot fudge. Taking in a spoonful, I looked at RBJ and said "Oh my, this reminds me of banana bread batter, but better. With Foster." I would never guess that I'd like a banana ice cream, like most of you, but I'd put money on you liking the bananas foster ice cream at Sweet Moses. The consistency was truly unique, sure, cold and smooth, but also bananay.  To say I'm a romantic is an understatement, but I don't think there's a term to describe what I am. I'm sort of a sucker for ambiance. As a consumer, a romantic environment will bring me back to an inferior product time and again, but I'm shocked to say that the ice cream is what blew me away and what would bring me back.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2011,11/29/2011,146,412,,2,3>4.5 stars for Ginko! I'll round up because Ginko means that my sushi ban in the Midwest has officially been lifted.The sushi is quite fresh and tender. I shared a hamachi & scallion roll, had a white tuna nigiri sushi, and shared the Ginko roll. Whenever I have fresh fish, I always think about it the next day... and I was definitely dreaming about it the next day. Much better than those fried/unfresh/poorly cut/Americanized versions of sushi that I see everywhere.I like the space and atmosphere. It's not too loud, though I love the boldness of the colors on the wall. I enjoy being seated at the sushi bar. We chatted with one of the chefs for a little while and I enjoyed hearing more about his story.He let us know that they have shabu shabu in the booths which I'll be interested in trying at some point, but I'll definitely be back for sushi.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2011,11/28/2011,93,27,,3,2>I went in here for a quick drink while I was waiting for my takeout from Mekong River and I was pleasantly surprised when I sat down a the bar and noticed I came just in time for a late night happy hour.  Happy Hour runs 5:00-6:30 and 8:30-10:00 every Tuesday through Saturday.  It's half off all appetizers and drinks (all drinks).  I ordered a beer but it seemed like with the half off and they awesome mix drinks I saw being made, that would have been a better choice.  Although they did have 5-6 taps and I got some kind of Thirsty Dog, wasn't sure the flavor but it definitely tasted like raspberries and normally that would be pretty gross for me (not into sweet beers), but this one was pretty good.  Also when I ordered she asked if I wanted a small or big beer and I went with the small which seemed like a pint so that big is probably a 22 ouncer but who knows.  I was waiting for takeout so I didn't order an appetizer, but some people behind us got the parmaesan garlic wings and they smelled amazing.  Really from the moment we walked in, everything smelled really good.  They also had pretzel rods, a popcorn machine and twizzlers for the bar patrons (3 of my fav snack foods).They also had live music playing in the back dining room.  Now for some reason it didn't seem like it was still called Clyde's anymore.  They had a little banner above the door that said something with the word bistro in it but no Clyde's so not sure if this changed ownership.  Seriously though that happy hour is a crazy good deal.  When you order 2 beers and your bill comes to $4.00 that's pretty amazing!
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2011,11/27/2011,33,55,4,3,3>I worked as a driver, on occasion, for Mr. Brisket back when all they did was meat delivery. I recognized a great product back then, so when I heard they were serving sandwiches I had to get over there as soon as I could, secure in the knowledge that the quality would be unparalleled. I was right.While there is nowhere inside to sit, the bus stop across the street makes for a nice "urban picnic" setting. But I didn't come to Mr. Brisket for the decor, anyway. I came for the meat. I had the Charles Barr sandwich (corned beef and pastrami on rye with Swiss and yellow mustard) and it was fantastic. Both meats were hot, tender, flavorful and top quality. I got the box lunch combination, which included the sandwich, a pop, chips, potato salad, and a cookie. All that for just $9.95, which is really a great value.I'd be here every day for lunch if I lived closer, and I'm sure my arteries are thankful this isn't the case. Until next time, Mr. Brisket.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2011,11/26/2011,22,51,3,3,4>Yum! One of my best friends introduced me to Flying Fig a few days ago for some drinks and appetizers. I got a ginger margarita which was so delicious that I actually had a dream about it the next night. No joke. I feel like all my future margaritas will be a disappointment compared to that! We split the famous tempura green beans as well as the chorizo dates with bacon. Both were great, and I could've eaten far more of them! Our server was friendly and just the right amount of attentive, and I loved the atmosphere. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2011,11/25/2011,48,84,,5,1>Ambiance:  4.  Let me start by saying I never frequented the old Barcelli Inn at this location. That said, loved the modern but cozy plantation-like feel.  Open air kitchen you walk by on the way to tables is a nice touch, especially reassuring for those of us that have seen the movie Waiting.  One note -- there's various rooms so if you like a certain dining experience  you need to call ahead and ask for that (quiet, outside, larger room, etc.).  However, the distance from main drag of Little Italy and area surrounding it leaves something to be desired, and would be the likely reason I don't return on a regular basis.Cost:  4. Most appetizers were slightly pricey in my opinion, BUT portions were generous.  As far as meals go typical mid to high end restaurant with ~$20 meals but a little higher after including sides  and/or salad.Food Quality: 5. Local sourcing, good variety but not too many items that you think they're just using a all encompassing cookbook.  Appetizers outshined the main meal slightly (calamari featured very light and fluffy breading, while the shrimp and grits was also something special), but still I enjoyed the perch & lobster cake special I had.  Another in our party commented the Mahi Mahi was outstanding.Service: 5. Waitress was great, bus staff excellent as well -- constant water refills (a key myself) and did not rush to take our plates away.  Oh, and the waitress actually knew something about menu when we asked questions.When to return:  Any and all. Great for happy hour, summer time (great patio), special occasions (secluded rooms) and dates.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2011,11/24/2011,53,187,8,3,2>I could never live downtown in a city. I love the convenience of the burbs. With that said, my office is downtown and right around the corner from the little gem known as Constantino's. They have a lot of prepared foods like pizza, sushi, chicken, soup and a big salad bar, so it's super convenient to grab a quick lunch when Subway has gotten boring. It also has a large wine and bakery section. And while I wouldn't want to have to do all my regular grocery shopping there, it does have some of those specialty products like Fusilli col buco, which I saw Rachael Ray use on 30 minute meals once and she forgot to mention it's impossible to find. That bitch.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2011,11/23/2011,364,1060,1,9,6>Pupusas here are awesome. When you step up to the counter to order, they give you a checklist of the menu, similar to that of Happy Dog, with more options than just tubes of meat and toppings. One list is in Spanish. If you cannot understand, ask for the English. The staff does not speak English. This makes the dining experience even better. The service is more like that of a fast food restaurant. After turning in the checklist, you sit and wait. It did take a while to get the food. El Salvadorian food is very good. Get some pupusa! This is a must visit restaurant to try out some authentic food from El Salvador!
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,11/22/2011,47,52,4,3,4>I would eat Pho with my foe's faux folks.Oh Superior Pho how do I love thee let me count the waysConsistently fast serviceAmazing selection of PhoPho that can't be beatLimes, basil, and bean sprouts fresh on the tableMore Pho than I can imagine eating at onceBEEF mmm BEEFSpoons and chopsticks galoreTea by the potI never leave without a full tummyAll for less than 10 bucks a personThank you Superior Pho for making my taste buds sing.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2011,11/21/2011,74,816,,7,6>So I admit that I have, in the past, complained about the admission prices at the Beachland.  Especially in comparison to say, oh, the House of Blues.  Imagine my shame after I read the story in Scene about the owners of the Beachland and how they have barely been able to keep this place in business and about hit they took after the HOB opened.  No worries, I will never complain again!  I have no problem supporting people who have done so much for this neighborhood.  Such a cool story, if you haven't read the article - Google it!!With that out of the way, I have to say that this is a really cool and unique concert venue.  And if you have read any of my reviews, you know I love my beer and this place has an excellent selection!
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,11/20/2011,67,157,1,8,3>Yah everyone is pretty much spot on about this place.  Sweet Moses raised their prices.  I wasn't in the mood for a 6 buck sundae so my roomies and I went on a trek to locate this utopia about which everyone was talking.  The list of flavors were more than impressive.  I had a 6 oz Day of the Dead and Milk and Honey for about 3 dollars.  Day of the Dead contained pieces of fresh squash, brown sugar and cinnamon.  The milk and honey was creamy.  My one roommate tried the strawberry yogurt which I found better than some of those gosh darn yogurt stores popping up and my other roommate tried the coconut cream pie.   Again amazing.  Our total bill was less than 10 bucks.  Holy cow...I couldn't believe how good this place was and I think I found my ice cream staple for the summer.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2011,11/19/2011,129,81,2,3,2>Welcome to my Friday nights.My friends and I enjoy the Tremont scene on Friday's. Wind down from the work week or studying with a drink or 2 or more...and in our case this mostly turns into an all night dance party upstairs... But anyways. On to what you should not miss.The food. My virgin experience I had tried the Fried Calamari, Wings and Arugula Salad. This was one of my first attempts at calamari and I loved it!. 2nd time around...out with my girls for a bite to eat and martinis before heading dt later. I love hot dogs. I know. But this one with the peanut sauce and other special treats on top was divine. Best ever. Usually on the "specials" sheet.3rd...and beyond...Pulled Pork=delicious! But my GO TO's are the Cheeseburger=I die. And the Veg Tacos=Love!Now on to drinks. Check out the Perfect Pear. Yum! But do explore the Tini list. The specialty beer choices are also awesome! David (my fav!) is usually working upstairs on a Friday night has a beer cracked open for me as my foot touches the top step. You can't go wrong with Lava...to start with or to finish your night off right or before heading home for more fun. And if your lucky-for date night.Cheers!
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,11/18/2011,74,71,2,3,3>In my opinion, this is one of Cleveland's best gems!  I will never forget the first time my parents took me to Slyman's as a little girl - the experience was life changing!  Why, you ask??  Because I would eat one of the best sandwiches EVER for the first time!  I have since become a HUGE fan and look forward to the days when I can get my hands on one of these monsters!Be advised that this place gets packed (and I mean PACKED!) for lunch - many times the line is out the door (hey, it's that good!)  You'll be happy you waited once your order comes up - trust me.  Definitely know what you want when you get up there - they like to keep the pace moving.  I LOVE LOVE LOVEEE the corned beef sandwiches.  You don't need to put much on it (I like mine with just mustard and TONS of horseradish) and I always ask for 2 extra slices of bread to make a second sandwich out of the one I just ordered (it's A LOT of meat!).  I've also had the hot turkey dinner, which was also awesome.  Lastly, don't forget to order the fries - I always ask for some gravy on the side to dip 'em in (DELICIOUSNESS!).By far the best deli I've ever been to.  If it's good enough for a former President, then it's good enough for me! P.S. Check the hours before you go - they open really early (heard the breakfasts are incredible), which also means they close early.  Don't expect to pick up dinner here.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,11/17/2011,38,63,,2,2>I'm really glad to see this little bakery-cafe in the spot that was formerly occupied by a couple of ice cream shops, then sat empty for a while. It's a nice little location and a cute little shop.Luna offers fresh-made crepes, paninis and baked goods, along with coffees and such. I stopped in one evening post-workout and ordered a smoked turkey panini to go. While I was waiting -- and there was a bit of a wait; even at 7:30 on a weeknight there were quite a few people trying this place out -- I ordered a couple of chocolate chip cookies to go.The service was very friendly and while I mentioned a bit of a wait, it was reasonable, as they worked quickly and were making numerous orders for crepes from scratch.The sandwich was mighty tasty -- spread with a smoky chipotle mayo, and accompanied by a good quinoa salad on the side.I enjoyed the cookies later with my boyfriend and they were also tasty. Kinda thick for a bakery chocolate chip cookie, but you could tell they were made from fresh ingredients instead of plopped out of a bucket o' dough, which is cool.The crepes looked pretty good -- I will definitely try those out in the future; the cafe also has a light breakfast menu that looks appealing. Other pastries in the case looked worth trying as well. Notable: itsy pots de cremes. I WILL BE BACK FOR THOSE.The cafe offers seating inside and outdoors, and there is ample parking in the (free!) lot behind the building off Fairmount.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,11/16/2011,86,287,3,3,3>Yes, I waited in line for over an hour for a Famous Polish Boy. I went through many moods during my experience at the C-Town Chow Down: elation, sorrow, anger, extreme hunger, and, finally, acceptance. At the end of the day, this is a sandwich that I would eat every day for lunch if my body could handle it. For five bucks, you get the amount of food a normal person would eat for both lunch AND dinner. They have normal cart/truck staples like regular dogs, cheese fries, and the like, but the Po Boy is where it's at.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,11/15/2011,30,393,,11,7>I'd give this place 50 stars if I could.I've had the pleasure of dining at the Sanctuary on Green more times than I can remember and have always been very impressed by the food, service, and ambiance.  I can't even put into words how fresh and flavorful the food is.  I had the macrobiotic plate on my most recent visit - a fantastic mix of small servings of quinoa, kale salad, regular salad, and some of the freshest bread you'll ever eat.  I also had a vegan cauliflower soup that was as creamy as your traditional dairy based soup but even more flavorful.  I accompanied my meal with a glass of their amazing iced coffee.  Since this little establishment is known for having fantastic desserts, I ended my meal with chocolate mousse.  The BEST chocolate mouse I've ever eaten, actually  (and I've eaten a lot of chocolate mousse)  You could taste the quality ingredients used to make the mousse, including very high grade chocolate.This is a definite must see if you like tea, coffee, dessert, locally sourced food, or unique gift items.  Just a word of advice, though - make a reservation.  I've been turned away in the past when the weather is nice and there are more people there than the small kitchen can handle.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,11/14/2011,97,533,5,5,5>My visit here started with picking up a stack of cards on a table near the entrance and laughing out loud, which always bodes well. (They were saucy cards to leave on the cars of people who park and/or drive poorly, so look out. I will get you if you're one of those people who takes up two parking spots with one car.) Anyway, they have tons of original greeting cards with attitude, some great jewelry, and quite a few Cleveland-centric items. This is a great addition to Ohio City.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,11/13/2011,118,61,2,4,3>Warehouse Beverage is hands down, the best little beer, wine, and brewing supply store in the county and personally, the best I've ever encountered anywhere, period.I'm more of a beer girl than wino, so this review is for the beer.  I've heard good things about the wine selection as well, though, and they also carry wine-making supplies and kits.  The place is run by two down-to-earth, obliging and knowledgeable brothers, one a beer expert, the other--yes you've guessed it!--a wine expert, so you've got quite a compendium of advice and resources available when both are on duty.We started making regular pilgrimages here for brewing supplies when the bf and his friend took up microbrewing.  They've moved on to cheaper online brewing supply wholesale vendors once they got a better understanding of the process, but for brewing newbies or vets who need to pick something up in a pinch, WB provides a (mostly) reasonably priced, ample collection of ready-made kits, yeast, grain, equipment and even a manual malt mill in the back to crush your grain.  But the best part of WB is, of course, the mind-blowing craft beer selection.  Imagine the candy store scene in the 1971 Willy Wonka flick, except instead of the Candy Man dancing along shelves of brightly colored candies, singing to breathless, wide-eyed kids, you've got the Beer and Wine Bros singing to lovestruck adults, frolicking in rows and rows of brightly-colored single 20 oz bottles and six- and four-pack cartons.  Ok, just the very last part of that, but still.  Total candy store effect.  But for adults.When it comes to craft beer, if you've heard of it, WB most likely has it.  They carry seasonals, regulars and hard-to-find brews from the likes of Stone, Rogue, 21st Amendment, Left Hand, Flying Dog, Victory, Sam Smith, Abita, Unibroue, Troegs, and Hitachino (whose red rice ale is absolutely yummy and is now in limited supply due to earthquake damage at their brewery in Japan), just to name a few.  And of course, they carry brews from local breweries like Buckeye and Great Lakes.   Whenever I come across something new at a bar that strikes my fancy, it's pretty inevitable: I'll be at WB the next chance I get, looking for the matching six-pack.If you're in Cleveland and call yourself a beer-drinker, you owe yourself a trip to Warehouse Beverage.  Cleveland is my city and Warehouse Beverage is my happy place.  End of story.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2010,11/12/2011,49,122,,3,3>Just an update for everyone.. They have a few newer exhibits that are really great for both kids and adults!Disease Focused One - I'm blanking on the name right now.. but it's a fun walkthrough and interactive exhibit that features a number of different "patients" that you help the doctor examine.  Their is a focus on both the science of what makes you sick and what we use to learn these things.  Pretty fun one! The newest opening is Extreme Mammals - Do you know the largest Mammal? How about the smallest? Located in the traveling exhibition hall this one is geared alittle more for the children than for adults- not that all won't enjoy.. but kids will enjoy the bright colors and pictures.  Full of fun facts, elephants are pregnant for nearly 628 days before giving birth, fossils, replications, and a few stuffed animals.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,11/11/2011,83,117,,5,3>Can't believe I haven't reviewed Lolita yet even though it's like one of my favorite restaurants of all times! I've been there for both their happy hour and for dinner. It has not disappointed me on any occasion.The only problem with happy hour is that it's a relatively small bar so you kind have to try out your luck for seats. But if you do get there, try their brussel sprouts and macroni and cheese.For dinner, I've tried their duck if I remember correctly. They have some very interesting pairing with their dishes, but it's pretty great. Also, they had a bone marrow appetizer, which is pretty awesome. However we've tried the same one at Lola. They're similiar, this one is just smaller and slightly cheaper.If you want to go there, please don't think too much about the cost. Because if you do, it'll ruin your experience from head to toe. After all it is a Michael Symon restaurant, right?
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,11/10/2011,78,264,7,5,4>We've been here twice now. First time was just for drinks, but the other day we met up with some people for appetizers and drinks before the Indians game. This place has a cool vibe going on. Love the menu and the rooftop bar area is awesome. We had the Crispy Chicken Wings Confit and the Animal Style Fries. Yum...both were amazing! The wings were very tasty and the Animal Style Fries were so gravy-licious!  They also have a very decent beer and wine menu. The one problem I have with this place is the hipster-snootiness I have encountered on both occasions. One in our party asked the server 'what does confit mean again?' And he totally gave the wrong answer. Yet he was visibly annoyed that I ordered a Dortmunder instead of one of their brews. I was planning on trying their beers maybe with the 2nd or 3rd round, but at the moment I just wanted a Dortmunder, OK? It annoys me when places try to be all hip and unpretentious (for example, they have Shlitz in the can on their beer list) but then really they are all snobby about stuff. Look, just because I'm wearing a Tribe jersey and not some D&G, don't mean I'm a bumpkin. Plus I know what 'confit' means and you don't. Punk. Hence, no 5 stars for you. But do go check this place out. It's a cool addition to downtown for sure. Go and try the Animal Style Fries and sit on the rooftop on a nice day - you won't be disappointed.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,11/9/2011,167,334,3,2,3>French Onion Soup from Cornerstone, you call to me.  You whisper sweetness in my ear.  You cry out, "Enjoy my oniony yumminess, let the gooey cheese melt in your mouth, wash me down with a craft beer from the tap, and if you were really good...you made it during happy hour when the great beer is even cheaper than usual."Ok, so I love a good beer, and they've got it here.  The food is always good, even if it isn't what I'm looking for.  I come here mostly for the French Onion Soup (I know, you would have never thought...that girl must go there for the French Onion Soup.)  The house fries are delish.  The servers always seem to be the same ladies, and even though one is a Steelers fan, I can't fault her when she pours me a nice cold draft.On thing I'd like to see from Cornerstone is an updated menu...preferably one with nachos, and maybe a veg-chili.  But if you're in Berea, stop by, sit down, have a bowel of soup and enjoy your choice of beer.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,11/8/2011,64,141,2,5,4>I feel lucky having Danny's a quick drive from work.  Pulling up to it, Danny's is tiny, but full of character.  Barstools or picnic table (concrete and wood) are the seating arrangements.  On a sunny day, they might a well be thrones to lavish yourself in sunshine, or sit in the shade of the many large trees around the place.  Overall I find myself in a comforting relaxed state at Danny's."Nice, but how's the food sun boy?"  Surprisingly good.  Cheap burger, but the meat is not a preformed paddy.  Just a  pound ice cream scoop of ground beef.  Many different variety of toppings also, rarely getting above 5 bucks.  Danny's also has  1/2 pound kielbasa and foot long hot dogs.  Get that kielbasa in a polish boy if you wish.  Danny's also boast flavor burst ice cream.  Ice cream with streams of flavor syrup through it.To sum up Danny's is a nice place for a relaxing lunch break or a special trip for the family dinner.  Side note: You are not supposed to feed Danny's dog.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2011,11/7/2011,196,453,3,5,4>What a weird experience.....maybe unique is a better way of explaining it.  Anyway, here's how my lunch today went.Planned on meeting a friend here for lunch because I just HAD to stop in for one of these burgers and the fact that I've driven by so many times in complete disbelief that a restaurant / bar could actually exist in this tiny shed of a place.Rolled in for 11:45 lunch on a decent Wednesday, expected maybe 3-4 cars, but mine was the 2nd to arrive, my friends was the 3rd, and the owner was the 4th, coming straight from the grocery store.  I was even nice enough to hold the rickety front door open for him.  We exchanged pleasantries as my friend already knew the guy but made it clear that it was my first time at Stevenson's......ha ha ha....we all had a good laugh about not being such a thing....yadayadayada....Silver Bullett was playing on the small tv, no volume.Bar was dark, no lights but the one above the bar and one above the cooking station we on, or at least it seemed that way.  The musty scent is there but expected since this is NOT my first dive nor will it be my last. The lady working the bar took our drink order and gave us a couple to look at the menu.  This thing is funny, straight up dive bar food with dive bar prices, both qualities in my book.  We both ordered a burger and shared a fry ($1.50).   Let me note that the surface that the burger was cooked on was spotless and the fry oil smelled and looked acceptable.Fries are fresh cut, literally does it right in front of you, and are really good to great.  Smaller cut so its not overly oily / soggy from being under cooked.  They come unseasoned which I liked cause the salt and pepper in front of me supplied me with all the seasoning I needed.  What surprises me is that there's not a following for just the fries.On to the burgers.  The meat is pre-pattied and frozen but not the freezer burnt kind you find in the big box, where its more of a off white / pink color.  No so here.  The meat had a great color to it, good start to a good burger.  I ordered my burger with mushrooms and bacon, both came to the flat top fresh, not precooked, not canned, where I was honestly thinking that the mushrooms HAD to be out of a can.  Pleasantly surprised to see the rest of the burger staging veggies were all fresh or at least looked it.    Bobbo ordered his with grilled onion and bacon but somehow the bacon got skipped probably because he mumbled it under his breath and she never wrote it down.  He really liked his, especially because he was able to wash it down with a beer, me a water (wiping a single tear).  Not so long of a story a little shorter, we both inhaled our burgers and polished the fries off,  not a problem. So I am comparing this to my experience eating dive bar burgers and not to the burger driven joints like B-Spot, Kirtland City, Flip-Side, etc.  I think it rates up there as being one of the best and the cheapest.   As long as you can feng shui past the appearance of the bar, I really do recommend stopping in for a burger and fries.  I'll be returning in the near future.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,11/6/2011,105,123,,4,5>This is my favorite Tremont restaurant.  Why it sits half empty when other places have over an hour wait is truly beyond me. I've eaten here on numerous occasions and have never been disappointed.  The happy hour is fantastic - but is only in the bar area. The Lago pizza is the most scrumptious pizza I think I've ever eaten!  The last time we were there they were serving a really good pear salad - definitely worth checking out.  My favorites are always the lasagna and the scallops.  The drinks always come strong and usually also very sweet, which I like, but others I have dined with have not enjoyed.What I love about Lago is that the ambiance is just right for any occasion - you can go there with your 20-something friends, you can take your parents when they are visiting from out of town, you can have a romantic dinner, or put a few down at the bar for happy hour.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,11/5/2011,46,63,3,4,3>The Woods is long on atmosphere, so long that we tend to forget that it's not completely kitschy. Had dinner there tonight with a couple friends, and was reminded that this is a decent Italian eatery. We had the appetizer platter to split among the four of us, and the chicken strips were very tasty, as was the calimari. The brushetta went untouched, though, because it was so thickly piled with...stuff...that it looked unappetizing. The artichoke dip was tasty: not so lost in gooey cheese as to be greasy. A definite winner.The kitchen served me the best Chicken Marsala I've ever eaten. Just sweet enough, no heavy sauce, beautifully cooked chicken breast. The Chicken Florentine and Chicken Parmesan that others had were also good, but I think my Marsala won hands down.The restaurant is quite cozy, and the temperature control could have used a wee bit more control: I alternated between a bit sweaty and shivers. But the staff was friendly and helpful, and our dining experience pleasant.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,11/4/2011,88,107,,4,2>It was deliciouss Middle Eastern food.  I had a gift certificate to use @ Layalena.We ordered the pork chops, shishtawook, kibbie, and lamb.  My mom also got some lentil soup.  We got kibbie for appetizers.  The kibbie was flavorful and the filling was moist.  It's good, but not exceptional.  First of all, I LOVE THEIR RICE (BEST MIDDLE EASTERN RICE HANDS DOWN).  IT'S FLAVORFUL, BUT NOT GREASY LIKE AT SEVERAL OTHER RESTAURANTS.  We got four little pork chops per order with a load of rice and salata.  It was soo good the pork chop was moist and flavorful; it's not the best I have ever had but it comes pretty close.  The lamb was cooked perfectly without the gamey taste that usually comes with unskilled lamb roasting.  It came with rice and salata as well.  The shishtawook was BETTER THAN Aladdin's (see previous reviews).  It was so much more flavorful and moist.  The dinner portions are huge too!  I didn't try the lentil soup- I'm not really big on lentils.  It's slightly pricier than Aladdin's by 4-5.00 for certain dishes, but for the quality and portion of food you get- it's well worth it.  The atmosphere is exotic and nicely decorated with plenty of Arabian influences.  On certain days they have bands and music playing as well.  I want to go back on a hookah night. The food was a heavenly meshing of unique flavors and exotic goodness :).  I will definitely go there again next week.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,11/3/2011,162,287,8,12,9>What a surprise! I had heard mixed reviews of Bac for the past few months. I even had someone tell me flat out "don't go to Bac!" I'm glad I didn't listen. Very cute little asian fusion joint. The ambiance was almost perfect. I loved the greens and browns and the lighting was comfortable.We started off with cocktails. I chose the Singapore Redux Reloaded. I was given a warning by the friendly server that it was "very spicy". He was right. I loved it. My dining partners chose the 17th Parallel -- very refreshing. For appetizers, we chose the bacon guacamole with crispy wontons and the summer rolls with peanut sauce. Both were scrumptious. I fell in love with those wontons. Entrees? Kim chee noodles with beef, avocado green curry, beef pho. All dishes were much better than I expected them to be. Spiced perfectly, presented perfectly, huge portions! We didn't skip dessert. We tried the fried ice cream and the flan. Flan was just flan. The fried ice cream was interesting and a bit different than any other fried ice cream I've tried. It had a very crispy and fluffy exterior, almost like a baked good was surrounding it. Service was friendly, attentive, and informative.Overall, I was very pleasantly surprised by Bac. And speaking of -- Bac made an appearance at our table. Super nice guy! I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,11/2/2011,440,357,3,3,2>Best place for a night of martinis, jazz music, and wonderful atmosphere.Here are 3 reasons why you MUST come to Velvet Tango Room:1. there are NO bad martinis2. the owner making you their banana foster is a must try & must eat3. their ice cubes are specially made to keep it from melting too fastNow, I was really doubtful walking into this bar. From the outside, it was dark, it looked small, & it looked like it was almost in the middle of nowhere. Once I stepped in though, it was a whole different story: the hostess is nice, the owner (Paulias) is always around, the drinks are the BEST i've ever had (martini wise), the room is lively, and the live jazz music just adds a hint of wonderful-ness to it.The martinis. I cannot even tell you what martini to order. I've never had one of their martinis yet that has failed me. Every martini here is so good you really can't go wrong. The two that I remember having and loving are: Lady in Red & French 75. Banana Foster. I went with my friend Ferdinand and we got the banana poster. Paulias came to cook it for it and it was just such so delightful to see him cook it in front of you, light the sauce on fire, and serve it in front of you. And, it tastes...JUST PERFECT.Don't come here for dinner-- come for a romantic night, a relaxing night, and a night to just enjoy some martini. Make sure you try the French 75! Oh, and don't freak out when you get your bill, this place ain't cheap!
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2011,11/1/2011,72,198,1,9,7>I went with their straight forward Texas Beef chili with sides of cornbread and the apple slaw.  The chili had a good amount of heat to it, so don't be dismayed by the fact that they list it as their medium.  It had a nice velvety consistance with meat that was very tender.  The cornbread was very good, too, and is not your typical Jiffy Mix variety.  It had good texture, and the taste complimented chili quite well.I was really impressed with the apple slaw.  It wasn't swimming in slaw dressing, so the flavors of the apple mixed with the cabbage had a great snap to it.  It was great for snapping the tastebuds out of the heat from the chili.The owner was very open about listening to suggestions as he has already taken consideration into keeping sriracha sauce available, and even elbow maccaroni for those who wish to go "Cincy-style".There's definitely a clear passion being put into the food being prepared at Palookaville Chili.PS - they don't serve beer, but will allow you to BYOB.  So, that's kinda nice.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,10/31/2011,241,224,2,3,2>Oh my word - This place is fabulous!  I've never had a bad meal here, and the past few lunch visits have caused me to question how I could ever give this place just 4 stars. It's easily earned 5 stars in my book. Lunch here is amazing. I've tried many things on the menu, but my main recommendation would be the Shrimp and Corn Chowder, the Pig & Fig sandwich, and the amazing homemade chocolate bar dessert. I'm not a sweets person, and I can't leave without having a little bite of it! Recommendation for Lunch: You can substitute soup/salad for chips or veggies for each sandwich. The soups/salads range from $4 - $8, but if you sub for chips, both soups/salads are just $1.75. It's a no-brainer substitution! Go now, and EAT! *Kudos to the owners/staff for remembering faces and names. It really helps to make us all feel like we're part of the neighborhood.*
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2011,10/30/2011,44,84,6,4,2>YOU CAN ACTUALLY COUNT THE DADS.  No, seriously.  I've been here on multiple occasions, and there is almost always one Dad on duty, and usually both.  You can identify them by matching them up with the murals of themselves on the walls.  It's like spotting Waldo.  Truth in advertising.  All Dads, all the time.  After going to Wendys a hundred times and never seeing a single Wendy, this is a breath of fresh air.  (Don't even get me started on Five Guys.  Huh.  Usually three guys and a couple of chicks.  LIARS.)  ...what?  Food?Oh yeah.  Two Dads is a diner, and you have to judge it on diner terms.  This is the kind of place you go for some comfort food after a long day, where you know what you're getting.  Judged by these standards, it's a leg up. First off, they usually have some gourmet raviolis, which is a nice touch.  (It's the same ravioli, I think, that they sell at the West Side Market, which I often buy in huge stacks for my freezer.)  Second, the menu's a little more ambitious than the usual diner fare, with oddballs like chicken paprikash and sweet potato fries.  When they're on, they're ABSOLUTELY on.  The chicken paprikash was one of the best I'd ever had - creamy, hot, flavorful, the spaetzel perfectly done.  I devoured that sucker and asked for more.  And when I went back......well, that's the reason they don't get five stars.  The next time I went back, the paprikash had bones in it and was a little clotted.  Not terrible, but certainly not the glory of my last week's visit.  And my friends, who had their own favorite meals, discovered that on some days the food could not be beat, and on other days, it could.  So it's a little uneven, and I'm not sure why.  Doesn't seem to be crowd-controlled, or chef-based.  Maybe the ingredients?  I have no idea.  In any case, it's usually worth your while, but some days it's like the best diner food you could hope for, and other days it's just pretty good. Hence, a slightly-misleading four stars.  On a great day, it's five stars easy for the price.  On an off day, it's a walk to three stars.  Average is four - still well worth your time. Plus, you know, you can see ACTUAL DADS.  IN THE WILD.  Isn't that worth your time?
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,10/29/2011,25,85,3,4,2>This is old school class and elegance.  There is nothing else really like this in Cleveland, and only a very small handful of restaurants in the state that are in any way comparable.  Giovanni's has been in business for 35 years and having dined there last night with someone who's been there a number of times over those 35 years, it's been confirmed that the quality has not slipped with the trends toward more casual, more mass-produced food.  No, Giovanni's hasn't changed a bit because it hasn't had to.A sign to the left of the elaborate entrance doors in an otherwise nondescript Beachwood office building indicates "Jackets Preferred."  How many restaurants are left in Ohio that request or require jackets?  I think I can count them on one hand.  The food was positively exquisite.  I ordered the veal sweetbreads as a starter.  They were served with escargots, fingerling potatoes, asparagus, bacon, and a beurre blanc.  This dish may have been the best composed dish I've ever consumed.  It was just so perfect that I seriously considered requesting a double portion for a main course.  Sweetbreads are almost always good, but these could not have been made to be better.  I ordered the short rib for my main course, and this was also outstanding.  Decadent.  The brussels sprouts, which I order at every nice restaurant I visit, were delicious, the fingerlings were perfectly cooked as they were in my first course, and the short rib itself was just overwhelmingly rich.  I've never seen a short rib on such a long bone, by the way.  This was a 10" bone.  A short rib only technically, I assure you.  For dessert, I had the cheesecake, my long-time weakness, and it was great, although certainly nothing particularly special.I also had the pleasure of trying the Caesar salad which tasted like a milder version of one I like to prepare tableside at home, and I'd say it was better than mine.  More sublte but full of flavor.  My wife had the pumpkin ravioli which were so far ahead of any pumpkin or butternut squash ravioli we've had anywhere, and one of us usually orders this if it's an option.  I did not have the steak tartar although that was my second choice for an opener.  Someone at our table ordered bananas foster, and it was very good.  The gentleman preparing it tableside has been doing it for 32 years at this very location.  Many dishes are prepared tableside including most (if not all) pastas, the wedding soup, and the expected flambeed desserts (bananas foster and cherries jubilee).  One member of our party ordered the Dover Sole, which was taken apart masterfully beside our table.  You don't get this kind of service at many places these days.  My wife ordered the creme brulee, and it was good to very good.  The best I've ever had is from Hartmut Handke (Columbus), and I've never had any as good as his.Our server, Chris, was a treat.  He is probably not used to a group that likes to laugh and have so much fun, but he handled us well.  As I said when I opened this review, Giovanni's is old school.  Most of the patrons are older and very wealthy.  I saw some really garish looking people last night.  There was a woman that was wearing a pound of makeup, and this makeup probably cost more than saffron.  Few of these people were laughing or carrying on.  They expect white glove treatment and no funny stuff.  But, I'm thankful for these people.  Without them, Giovanni's would cease to exist.  There are plenty of young people with enough money to keep a place like Lola or Lolita going, and I love those places.  But, Giovann's is not chic or trendy.  I'll bet most people reading this review have never heard of the executive chef, Zach.  One does not go to Giovanni's to be a part of some kind of new cultural trend.  My generation could not sustain this restaurant.One goes to Giovanni's to experience dining perfection.  And I was not disappointed in this regard, not even a little.  Probably in my top 5 meals all-time, and this includes a number of other 4-diamond and a couple of 5-diamond restaurants.The only things that could have made the experience any better were (1) a more architecturally interesting space, (2) a better view, or (3) a more exciting or exclusive location.  None of these very minor desires would have made the actual culinary adventure any better.If you want the best in Cleveland, I'm not going to say that this is it (because that can be subjective), but I will say you have to at least spend one evening at Ristorante Giovanni's.  It will reset your expectations for fine dining.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,10/28/2011,67,84,,6,4>Crop seems to be a restaurant created in the theme of Farm to Table style dishes. It  tastes like they use very fresh ingredients, and the overwhelming use of 3-5 specific ingredients tells me that they do get abundances from farms nearby. Large party was lots of fun. Sunday Supper is a great deal. The space is amazing! Decor, lighting, structure and open kitchen with counter style chef table is spot on. The kitchen staff puts it down! Consistent dishes and perfect timing even for full restaurant and only 4 cooks. Drinks from the bar were pricey but very inventive and also, word-o-the-day, Fresh! Ordered the fish, I think it was called Hamamatsu over Creamed cauliflower and tomato wedges. It was okay. Clean, white fish flavor. But nothing out of this world. Cauliflower must have been the ingredient of the day because it was everywhere. As a family style side and as a component of almost every dish. Dessert was a pretty tasty, blondie. But again nothing special. I would like to return and try their full menu. I know the menu is based on Farm to Table but I would also like to see them take the freshness and really accent it with robust flavor.Overall I thoroughly enjoyed my dining experience and will return to try the rest of the menu.
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,10/27/2011,82,187,4,4,4>Oh yea.  -Good burgers.  Small, but good.-$4 lola fries.  $5 O-rings have bigger portion.  Both were great.  -No wait for lunch.  Stop going to a new restaurant at 6pm and complaining about the hour long wait, idiots.  -Great, fast service.  Loved the portable computer the servers bring to the table.  That way, you know your order is in as soon as you say it.  (As a server, this would be very convenient and eliminate those forgotten orders...)  They even swipe your credit card at your table.  -Limited menu, so substitutions.  Suck it, it's good.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,10/26/2011,57,156,10,10,3>I'm starting to think the city of Lakewood is trying to kill me.  Not in a "stab you in the face" quick kind of way, but rather in a "slowly develop weight-related health issues" kind of way.  I guess I probably need to take some responsibility in all of this, but to be honest it's getting harder and harder with wonderful places like this opening up within waddling distance from home. We've been to the Sweet Spot several times since they opened earlier this month, and every time it's been great.  There is certainly no shortage of great ice cream in this area, but the Sweet Spot's gelato offers a different take on frozen creamy goodness, offering both tried and true favorite flavors (chocolate,vanilla, strawberry) as well as some more adventurous ones (mint chocolate cayenne, peppered blackberry, earl grey, and more).Each time we've visited, it seemed like the number of flavors had doubled since the last time, making the already difficult decision choosing a flavor even tougher.  They also offer some vegan friendly flavors which is probably a welcome treat for those who forego the ways of the flesh.They've also got some locally produced pastries (cookies, pies, cupcakes) for those who aren't in the mood for something cold, or for those who are but want to take it home, they will happily hand pack a pint or quart for you. On top of all of this, the owners and staff are super-friendly and genuinely enthusiastic about their products.  Before you can finish asking a question about a flavor, you'll have a sample spoon in your hand.Sweet Spot is yet ANOTHER great place to visit in Lakewood, you should go.   Really, I mean it.  NO.  Stop reading this and go.  NOW!
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,10/25/2011,62,160,2,9,5>The Cleveland Orchestra is arguably one of the finest in America, and the world, today....and with good reason.  If you haven't been out to experience this treasure sitting in our backyard, please go at some point.  And I don't want to hear excuses of, "but I don't like classical music"...they have a wide variety of concerts available that may suit your tastes, just take a look at what they have to offer and get out there to try it just once!  They even have small ensembles that go out to play at the Happy Dog...now that's accessibility  ;o)My Christmas surprise before leaving home to Canada involved an early performance of the Orchestra's Christmas Concert before heading out to dinner.  I can safely say that I think we've found a new Christmas tradition!  Robert Porco conducted the Orchestra along with the Chorus (the adult version and the Children's Chorus) through classical, semi-classical and traditional Christmas songs and carols.  The atmosphere was festive, with concert goers dressed to the nines....lots of red velvet dresses on little girls and sweater vests on young boys.  Some of the highlights of the evening included the Twelve Days of Christmas that had audience members lined up at the microphones to sing "Five Gold(en) Rings" (some of them were even in tune and quite good!) and a sing-along version of Silent Night.Cleveland's first couple of theater, Reuben and Dorothy Silver, came on stage to regale us all with an orchestrated version of 'Twas the Night Before Christmas.....I think everyone in the audience was brought back to their childhood with their magnificent reading.  I will admit I was fighting back tears by the end of it....If you have a yearning for a simpler, family-oriented Christmas that hearkens back to times of door-to-door caroling followed by Wassail and cider for the younger ones, this may be the event for you....Our most recent outing came about because I love Stravinsky and they happened to be playing the Firebird Suite.  And no, I didn't care that it was billed as a family concert and I didn't have a child to take with, I'm a big enough kid as it is!  If you're looking to introduce your children to classical music, this is a great way to do it.  The Orchestra has fun activities prior to the show, including coloring, a dance area where the kids could get up on the stage with members of the Cleveland School of Dance and an Instrument Discovery center where your little ones get the chance to pick up and get up close to those cool instruments they'll be seeing later on stage.The performance itself had pieces from Tchaikovsky, Prokofiev and Glinka, along with the aforementioned Stravinsky....but they were pieces that everyone has probably heard in snippets here and there in their lifetime (most likely in an advert on TV or in a movie).  Assistant conductor James Feddeck made the afternoon entertaining, putting together a program that introduced all the kids in the audience (big ones included) to musical themes and stories; as well as to the different groupings of the orchestra, every section got the chance to introduce themselves....and apparently the percussion section has "the most fun"!  The Orchestra was magnificent, taking everyone through the stories of each piece with grace and flourish, it was particularly fun sitting next to a little girl who I was afraid might fall out of the box because she was so engrossed with the music.  Dancers from the Joffrey Ballet joined local dancers to bring The Firebird ballet to life.....my only complaint was that they rested on stage while my favorite and most intense part of the piece was playing....definitely no Black Swan, that's for sure!If you're worried about whether your kids will make it through a full-fledged concert, bring them to one of the dedicated Family Concerts here, the running time is around an hour, just perfect for little ones who might start to get a bit antsy after sitting quiet for a long period of time.  The prices are also discounted to encourage people to bring their families, box seats are only $30, balcony is even cheaper....and no, there's not a bad seat in the house.  The next Family Concert is Peter and the Wolf.....so if anyone wants to lend me their child for an afternoon, I'd be much obliged for the chance to not look so out of place!
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,10/24/2011,215,581,19,14,11>Holy crap. You know that episode of Sex and the City (of course you don't, because you all hate that show, don't you? Oh well) where Miranda's on Weight Watchers, and she eats half a Krispy Kreme donut in an almost pornographic way, and then says, "This is worth being fat for?"That's how I feel about Blackbird's stuff. ALL OF IT! I tried this garlic romano bread yesterday. Wow. Also, I had the Raspberry Jammer, which is like the Strawberry Jammer (obvs) but ten times MORE awesome. And those chocolate chip cookies ... and rosemary focaccia .... and dinner rolls.Blackbird: it's worth being fat for.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,10/23/2011,9,21,,4,3>Mighty Mighty Moxie.Moxie is one of the best places around for straight up original interesting food. Trying something new & diifferent for the love of flavor is what this place is about. I can see Chef Bennett on top chef one of these days, because he gets it... although i really do not want him to be absent from the mox!I go here pretty frequently & am always impressed. This last Friday I went and was WOWED. Sommelier Cyrus & Chef Bennett did a special tasting event with Syrahs and Petite Sirahs - and Bennett cooked right there on the spot for the pairings. I mean wow. Lets face it, any decent sommelier can do a pairing, but these two really just hit it out of the park. And to have the chef cooking while you graze & where you can ask questions (or try to steal his secret ingregdients) was just way way cool. I mean dude! Man! Give me more of that! If you want to really experience good pairings, go to one of the wine dinners. You won't be disappointed - unless you have a dead palate.Thanks Moxie for staying mighty mighty!
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,10/22/2011,29,41,4,5,5>I love this cafe. The coffee taste great and it's fair trade to boot. The ambiance (that's the next big thing a cafe is is judged on right?) with the fire place in the center of the room is really quaint. I would venture to say, since this is one of the most popular coffee shops in the CLE, that most if not all concerned (those who appreciate good "snobbish" coffee") that you've tried this. If not, WTH have you been?!?! Living under the "stars"?The thing i like most is that if you are staying in the dining area for a drink, you get it in a porcelain mug. That they wash and reuse. Isn't that what we used to do?
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,10/21/2011,57,100,4,11,3>This place is super authentic - don't believe me, because I'm as European as they get - believe my Mexican husband from Palm Springs. According to him, this is exactly what Mexican supermarkets are like in Southern California. It makes him feel more at home since I made him move from the desert to Cleveland, where it's sunny, you know, 7 days a year. Back to La Plaza: there's even a jewelry store in there! If you are looking for some sort of Mexican brand or ingredient, you will find it here. The prices for spices, etc is much more reasonable than if you were to buy it elsewhere. Their chorizo is incredible - flavorful and not as greasy as you find in normal supermarkets. On the weekends they have a taco cart in the store.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,10/20/2011,40,92,,7,2>First, lets clear up some naming confusion:1: The McNulty who owns Bier Market, Bar Centro and the Speakeasy is not the owner of McNulty's bar in Cleveland Heights. When I found this out, I felt instantly better about the place.2: Bar Centro, Bier Market and Speakeasy are really the same bar/restaurant. They should be called the 'red' room, the 'teal' room, and the 'basement.' There is some differentiation. Bar Centro (Teal) focuses on food; Bier Market (Red) focuses on, well, beer; and the Speakeasy (basement) is just the basement bar that plays loud dance music, and is only open on special occasions and most Saturdays. On to the review:Decor:Five Stars. I really enjoy being in the space. The lighting is bright enough to see clearly, but never harsh. The lamps are clever and pretty. The place has a style that is trendy but definitely its own. I can't think of another bar or restaurant that has the same feel.Service:Four StarsIf it's very crowded, treat the place like its a bar. Order at the bar. I think this will eliminate most of the problems people seem to have with the service. When I have had the sit-down service, it's been wonderful and attentive. They got a party of ten served in and out in about an hour. No small feat.Food:Four StarsIf you have ever liked eggs over-easy, and you don't have an aversion to pepper, then the Sunshine pizza is for you. I have trouble exploring the rest of the menu, because it's so freakin good. It is the perfect beer food. Other things I have had were excellent as well. You don't have to really order the Pomme Frites - just smell the fried rosemary sprigs as they march by. That's really the best part.Beverages:Four StarsTip: check out both bars before ordering a beer. They have very different drafts! It's the only real difference between Bar Centro and Bier Market.The first time I went here, it was all Belgian style beers. Admittedly, a huge selection, including a few I hadn't had since I was in Brussels. But I'm happy to see that they throw in a few IPA style beers now.  All in all, this is one of my favorite places down town.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2011,10/19/2011,104,314,2,2,2>The wife and I chose Lola for our 9th anniversary dinner.  We made the reservations weeks in advance and together we went.  Upon arrival at Lola, we checked in and were told we would have to wait 10 minutes for our table and to go to the bar for a drink.  I looked at the packed bar and thought, 'hmmm, that's gonna be tough'.  I had to squeeze between two people, one of which was eating, so I felt really rude.  After about 5 minutes, I was able to get the bar tender's attention and I ordered a Chardonnay for the wife and a Pino Noir for me.  My Pino was really good.Five minutes later, we were seated at our table in the back of the restaurant behind a pillar.  Candles were lit and the atmosphere was dark and romantic.  Then we were served sliced bread, which was crunchy on the outside and soft in the middle.  It was served with a creamy butter, which was also good.For appetizers, we ordered Ceviche and Lola Fries, which we heard were spectacular.  I was surprised by the small size of the ceviche appetizer, but it was good.  The Lola Fries were shoestring size, cooked perfectly, and tasted very good, but I don't think they were better than the best fries of all time - McDonald's fries.  I also like Winking Lizard's fries better.  So they take a close third in Cleveland fries.For dinner, the wife ordered the Smoked Berkshire Pork Chop, which was tender and delicious.  It was served in a barbecue sauce and the smokiness was awesome.  I stepped out of my comfort zone yet again and ordered the Calf Heart.  The waitress recommended that I get it medium-rare, so I did, even though I prefer my meats cooked medium.  Well, it ended up being chewy, which I didn't like and it really didn't have all that much flavor.  I found myself searching my plate for meager portions of sauces and other unidentifiable things to dip it in.  The portion was good (it looked to be about the size of a whole heart) and it was cut into thin strips.  We shared a side of seared asparagus, which was cooked perfectly and tasted delicious.For dessert, we shared The 6 a.m. Special, which has brioche french toast, maple-bacon ice cream, and caramelized apple.  This was good, but the brioche didn't really add anything.Overall, it was a very good meal and I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who has the extra cash and is seeking a nice dining experience.  Our total bill came to $160 with four glasses of wine and tip.  It's one of the priciest meals I've eaten, but I wouldn't say it was the best meal I've eaten.  It's definitely up there though.Recommend!
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,10/18/2011,98,206,2,6,6>I had relatively high expectations for this place; I usually have very low expectations for places in general. [Writing this days later, I do wonder why, maybe it was because it I had not been out in a while].  We sat ourselves as the place was bustling [all the 20+ bar seats were taken] around 8:30p on a weeknight. Our waitress, Jillian, was bubbly, very knowledgeable about the menu, and answered all of our questions about the menu. Our service was very good during our meal despite the crowd. Great beer selection, over 10 on draft craft beers [including 3-4 christmas ales, and bonus points for Bell's] from all over the country, and over 20 microbrew bottle selections and several Belgians. Additionally, they were reasonably priced [and I can be stingy on my beer prices]. Great lighting. There's a few televisions over the bar. The space itself is nice with exposed brick, the appropriate amount of lighting [some places I find to be too dark]. The space is also relatively large and features seating at and near the bar and also away from it. I only had the Duck mac and Cheese [recently moved to the app menu]: creamy with plenty of duck meat. For $8, the portion was priced well. Note the kitchen closes at 11 [at least on weekdays]. There's also Trivial Pursuit cards at the bar [I love this, and good fun for my friends and me, even if the cards were all older than we were]. Compared to other gastropubs that I've been to in the area, Deagan's was a tad cheaper and less cramped with its seating than the Taphouse. Compared to Cento, Deagan's came off as slightly less sophisticated in its atmosphere [still above a typical bar] and has TVs. I'll be here the next time I come out looking for food beyond typical bar food, without going out a fancier place and a good beer selection. I'm hesitant to give 5 on one visit, but here it goes.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,10/17/2011,31,161,13,2,3>What the heck ever happened to monkey island?!You know, I have to say; Cleveland does animals proud.  I haven't been to many zoos, but the 3 I've been to, in 3 different states, Cleveland ranks high.  And not just because my scale is so small, but because it's that nice.  It's pretty sad that wild animals are living better than most people in the community. But it gives me hope for the people.  If the animals can do it, they can do it.  Some people belong in the zoo, but that's another review topic.Can I just applaud the misting fans strategically placed amongst the zoo?!  We went memorial weekend, and it was a scorcher.  89 I believe the temperature was.  And the human wildlife were schvitzing like a mac salad on a picnic table in the summer.  After a shower under these lovely cool, frosty havens,  you'll be ready for your 4th wind.Word to the wise, I decided to treat everyone to a slushy.  At one station they only had sour red flavored Icee's. AVOID!  It's like drinking bird throw up.  Like a good Jameson shot, it burns going down and it burns long after its gone.  Classic Icee's are what my esophagus longs for.The polar bear exhibit, wolves, penguins, and sea lions are my favorite exhibits of all time.  But what the heck ever happened to monkey island?!  Are they ever going to do something with it?!  I used to LOVE that crazy mountain of insanity!  It's as empty as most neighborhoods in Cleveland.  I wonder if they got evicted or something.  They must all be living with relatives now since it went into foreclosure.The new elephante exhibit was loverly!  Even the Australian exhibit made me feel miles from home, and the treehouse funhouse is every kid's dream!  Even mine, and I'm old.  Don't forget to check out the dung beetles, and all its dung glory, along the backside of the elephant exhibit (no pun intended).  It's craperific!  We even took pictures of the rolled fake poo.  I've never taken a picture of shit before.  I take that back, we did get a photo of Paris Hilton in Vegas on the dance floor.  I would love to attend Twilight at the Zoo.  It sounds like a neat event.  Check it out.  CMZ is thriving, and better than ever.  Go visit, and take a trip down memory lane.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,10/16/2011,88,79,8,11,8>I always have a chuckle when people review ABC or the Happy Dog and discuss how it's a dive bar.Um, no.The Tombstone Tavern is. You can get a beer, and a bag of chips. There are some forms of amusement and a juke box. It is located within a baseball's throw of two separate cemetaries. I sat here once for a quick brew before heading home, as it's a block from my house. I was the only one in the bar that wasn't a family member. There was some slight incestuous conversation going on (in jest). The other times I have been there were equally swell. You can talk with people, or just sit and nurse your Budweiser. Either way, they won't look at you funny.The place is awesome. And open much more regular hours now that it has changed hands (it's owned by one of the former customers).And it's cheap as $h!t. If you've spent more than $10, you did it wrong.You can park across the street.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2011,10/15/2011,263,228,8,14,6>sixth city diner quite the ambitious menu early, or late night The Sixth City Diner just opened on West 9th in the now mercifully defunct Waterstreet Grill Space. Normally, I'd wait for a good while before writing my Yelps about a place, but in this case, confidence is high enough to go forward. The space has been totally redone. Bright, clean and no traces of it's ghosts of the past. Too many spots reopen with the previous incarnation's tchochki and decor still around, case in point, every version of the previous tenant.. All hard surfaces at this point, so I bet it will get noisy, but it is a "diner". A designer version, but fast and casual nonetheless.  Local artist featured on the walls. Nothing too avant garde, and some decent photography. Not usually a fan of local "artists" using wall spce, but as this, I was told, will be a revolving gallery, I'll pass on judgement.  But just "Yelp judgement".I had brunch today. I believe it was their virgin brunch, and for me, it went off without a hitch. A delicious roast/pulled beef hash with 3(!) eggs on top. A nice pile of beautifully rich pulled beef lay underneath, with just the right amount of carmelization. Really, really good. Next to me, a young lady had the "carnivores omelet", sausage, bacon, hash browns... looked fine to me. The broad went through it like a pitbull on a meat wagon.  Brunch price points are under 10 bucks. I did have a look at the regular lunch and dinner menus, and I look forward to trying everything, especially after the delicious hash. Starters have the usual suspects of wings, jalapeno poppers, grilled quesadillas. Not usually found will be the Tater Tots, fresh chips and dip, and fried Portabello mushrooms. The tot's have some topping options too, one featuring Italian beef, which are also available as sides. Sweet! Lunch looks like burgers, paninis, a variety of sandwiches, brats, chorizo and veggie burgers too. Ten types of hot dogs! Also, baked potatos with all kinds of goodies, and 6 different salads. Prices are 7-8 bucks. Dinners are all $10 with everything to pierogies to the Italian beef, which I must try asap. Word is the man in the kitchen used to be Mo Williams' personal chef. I think this is a great addition to theWHD  'hood. Kitchen will be open late as well, till at least 1:00am or so. Looking forward to returning. Helluva Bloody Mary too.  I loved the bacon, with the bleu cheese stuffed olive and pepperoncinni garnish!  Carry on.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,10/14/2011,271,526,3,6,3>For all you haters in Cleveland, there's a joint in Chicago called Kuma's Corner which is basically your Melt but with burgers. Two hour waits are because of hype, not the restaurant's servers or even kitchen's pace. Believe me when I say that they probably want to turn the tables over a lot more than you do.With that said, we walked in on a Sunday morning around 11:30 with a group of seven and sat right down. Coffees and a few beers ordered, our server was really friendly and patient with a sleepy, larger group. It took us a while to make our decisions, but I went with the Purple Parma ($12?, eggplant parm, basically). I can see why it takes so long to order, you have like, 25 grilled cheese options to sift through and they all look pretty amazing. My sandwich was really good. Seasoned just right, hot and steaming, and gives my own eggplant parm a run for its money.Everyone got something different and they were all huge. Only my buddy had the right idea and got the split - a half grilled cheese and salad. She barely finished hers and none of us finished ours. It's A LOT of food.We had a great experience and by the time we left around 1:30, the wait was on. I was delighted to see that their wait system is pretty cute (they call you out by the name on a sticker which you're given, as opposed to your actual name thus eliminating line-jumpers). Ours was "pepper" with a little pepper shaker dawn just so, and my friend was "The Log Lady", which means something to only a very few people left in the world.Since I'm moving to Cleveland soon, I'm sure I'll be seeing more of Melt but given how much food it winds up being I suspect it will be a long time between visits.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,10/13/2011,153,207,8,7,6>Strike up the band! Sound the kazzos, harmonicas, hinkle horns and one-nozzled noozers! It's time for a parade! Jeni's Splendid has come to NE Ohio! At last! Hooray!!! Sunshine and celebration brought us to the charming town of Chagrin Falls this past weekend. As we strolled through the park, up and down North Main Street and overlooked the scenic falls, we never deviated from the real reason on venturing out to this quaint Eastern 'burb: Jeni's Splendid! Jeni, as you might have heard, is an Ice Cream Goddess hailing from Buckeye country. Alton Brown calls this ice cream the best in America. She's an artist with vision and has the palate of Escoffier. A localvore that uses only the finest seasonal ingredients. You may have seen this ice cream around. Her product has been available in the frozen isle of your upscale grocer for $10 something a pint with flavor concoctions previously unheard of. Even more recently, an even more fresh version in the form of a brick and mortar storefront has come to NE Ohio, the first shop outside of central Ohio! At long last! We had to try it! A line outside and around a corner didn't scare us away. Ice cream by name, heaven by definition, this frozen delight would be worth it. Call it a hunch... Once inside (the line moved fast), the decor seemed fitting. Light fixtures with milk bottle shades, colorful balloons, chalk boards announcing 30 something various flavors and the smell of freshly made waffle cones wafting in the air. I was thunderstruck.I opted for 3 scoops. 2 seasonal selections and a personal favorite. Goat Cheese w/ Red Cherries, Rhubarb & Lime Cardamom and Queen City Cayenne, which is a rich chocolate scoop with an after-burn. It's cold, but it burns at the same time. Genius. Ice Cream is not a sufficient enough term to describe these scoops of milky goodness. "Orgasmic Heaven in Your Mouth" is more appropriate. No, not even that. Think of your favorite thing on earth. It trumps that even! If you've had the frozen pints purchased through mail order or as found at your local Heinens, let me tell you; the scoops were even better in person. Do yourself a favor, the next time you have an ice cream craving,  get yourself to Jeni's Splendid in Chagrin Falls. There's a reason for all the praise. It's the best I've ever had. Period.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,10/12/2011,20,106,1,6,4>Looking for a quick salad for lunch? Looking for a light meal while shopping? This is THE place.If you've ever been to Chicago, then you probably know about Food Life in Water Tower Place (and if you don't, then check it out). They have a bunch of different food kiosks in an upscale food court setting. The salad kiosk there is fantastic and I've been searching NE Ohio to find something similar. And boy, have I found it.Chop It Salad Co. opened recently at Eton earlier this year. It got a pretty good write up in the Plain Dealer so I figured I'd check it out. Now, I hate places that fill you up with greens and give you the tiniest amount of actual salad toppings. I mean, it's the toppings that make the salad, the greens are just one part of the equation! This is a place where you can fill your salad to the brim and you won't be snubbed, so make sure you take advantage of it (Yeah, so what if I need my salad filled with bell peppers.?). Beware, there are premium ingredients that cost a little extra. But that's par for the course.The dressing selection borders on ridiculous. Red Bell Pepper Italian? Chipotle Salsa Ranch? You won't get bored with the huge dressings selection. Similarly, I appreciate the wide variety of toppings. What kind of place lets you have shrimp on your own salad creation? An awesome one.Don't like salad? Well, you can create a wrap instead! Who doesn't love wraps? You can also get smoothies here, but I haven't tried any.Service is pretty quick and I was a little surprised the place isn't more crowded during the lunch rush, what with all the suburban office parks nearby. I'm thinking it's the ridiculous parking at Eton that might make some people stay away.For the TLDR crowd: Good salad, huge topping/dressing choice, quick service, decent prices. (And even though this technically qualifies as fast food, this is very healthy fast food!)
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2011,10/11/2011,30,204,8,4,26>Peggotty was my collie. I used to buy hot dogs from Steve's for both of us. We ate them in my car parked on West 50th Street. She liked hers with just chili and I liked mine with chili, onions, mustard and slaw. We both ate two. It got to the point where if we were driving within a few blocks from Steve's she stood on the seat, nose pressed to the window, tail wagging frantically. Peggotty left me. I still go to Steve's. Maybe because I remember her so well when I park on 50th Street or maybe because I simply enjoy the place. I omit the slaw these days and I sit at the counter. This little diner is typical to what can be found in most big older cities. I have no idea why so many reviewers shiver over the location. There are places I never go, ever, like Chagrin Falls or Hudson. They are scary to me. West 50th and Lorain Avenue is far more tolerant and welcoming of differences. LA has Pink's with stars waiting in line to buy hot dogs with odd toppings named after people with money and fame. Cleveland has Steve's with no lines and a Peggotty hot dog but no one but me knows its name.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,10/10/2011,28,60,3,4,3>I am a beer freak. I homebrew, I've got a cap collection with over one thousand different and unique beers that I've drank since 2003. Of course, a significant portion of my girth can be attributed to the barley wine, and a significant portion of that portion can be attributed to Simone's.I love Simone's beer selection, and I've loved it for years. Not only do they carry craft brews and kegs of beer and rare bottles of Belgian beers, but, they also have a pick-a-six, wherein I can buy six different beers, and still bring a six pack to a party. Simone's would get a fifth star, but, the snack selection is kind of sketchy to be kind. It's as if most of the off-brands got together and decided to force out the good stuff. The selection of soda leaves a lot to be desired, even from a mixing standpoint -- Tough to drink a scotch and soda when the soda looks like no one's touched it since 08.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,10/9/2011,6,47,2,2,2>I love the different varieties of chocolate covered pretzels they have.  The chocolate to pretzel ratio is what it like lol (if that makes sense).  It's not too much chocolate coated on the pretzel.  They have this Turtle Pretzel that is sooo freakin' yummy.  They only thing I craved today was pretzels lol and I ran there to pick up a few...it was hard to leave the place because everything look so dee-lish.  The popcorn they have can be a little daring.   I tried I think some kind of Jalapeno popcorn and even though I love hot and spicy stuff...that left me in tears lol really!  But the carmel corn, when it's warm, is really good!
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2011,10/8/2011,150,222,7,5,3>Hot Sauce Williams home to some might say the flagship sandwich of Cleveland, The Polish Boy.  Others try to replicate and duplicate this heaven on a bun but Hot Sauce Williams seriously has this one down.  I am Polish, I should know right?   Honestly though I have no idea how or why it is called a Polish Boy.  I don't know the history behind it, but obviously it has something to do with kielbasa.  A Polish Boy is a hot dog, kielbasa or any other tube meat on a roll covered with french fries coleslaw and barbeque sauce.  I hear all this talk about Seti's and Freddie's but Hot Sauce Williams is the one this Polish boy will go back to every single time.  Don't get me wrong I dig all of them.  In their own way they are all awesome but it's the sauce from Hot Sauce Williams that has me hooked.The ambiance of Hot Sauce Williams?  Not much to speak of.  It's clean.  It looks like Prince might have picked out the purple and pink decor.  The smell of ribs cooking out on the giant grill in the back of the parking lot over hot coals should be bottled and sold as an aphrodisiac.  The customer service, yeah, maybe they can work on that a bit.  I never had anyone at the counter really wow me all too much.  They aren't mean, but they aren't friendly either.  I've never had bad service though, but then again you order up at the counter and wait.  So, it's not table service.  It's like a fast food joint in that way.  Everything is served in Styrofoam containers no matter the order.  However I doubt the environmentally conscious vegan earthy crunchy types are really eating here to begin with to complain.  Today there was a woman trying to make up her mind for a good 10 minutes while the line backed up behind her.  Miss?  Seriously?  Can you just go over to the thinking spot at the end of the line and let the hungry folks eat?  Of course not, you were the queen of the world without a care.  Anyhow outside of that fact we waited only a couple of minutes for our order to come up.Our Polish Boys came out with sauce on the fries in their Styrofoam container, rubber banded together busting at the seams with food.  We also split a large side of the mac and cheese which was heavenly.  On a side note to white people, stop making mac and cheese.  Only my friends of color truly do it right and that is no exception here.  Goddamn that shit is good.  The Polish Boy meal itself though?  It is messy.  It is beyond messy.  It is you need to eat this with a knife and fork messy and still use 12 napkins.  The fries are soaked in that sweet and tangy award winning sauce.  There is nothing special about the fries.  They are frozen crinkle cut fries, but once they hit that sauce they are potato heroin.  Just sloppy, some crispy and some soggy fries drenched in sauce.  The Polish Boy itself?  It's more hot dog than kielbasa on a regular hot dog roll covered with more fries, more sauce and slaw on top.  There is really no way to eat this with your hands, but if you do God bless.Located on East 78th and Carnegie if the purple and pink exterior don't beckon you in the smell of barbequed ribs from a mile away will.  Hot Sauce Williams is a true Cleveland original and well worth checking out.  No, it's not in a bad neighborhood.  No, it's not full of a bad element.  It's a great little dive that everyone in Cleveland needs to check out once or twice a year much like a pilgrimage to Slymans.  Is it healthy?  Oh God no.  The majority on the menu alone keeps the Cleveland Clinic in business.  Ribs, Fried Chicken, comfort food sides, and the Polish Boy all are well worth trying, and all done to perfection.  I get over the lack of a friendliness factor at the counter, and the whole pop in a can beverage selections because this place lives and breathes the multicultural aspects of the city.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,10/7/2011,47,129,,3,3>Beautiful patio, plentiful food...I had a wonderful meal last night at Three Birds. My service started out rocky though, one of the servers half cleared the extra settings and left it on the table, even my actual server was confused why it was only half cleared. They also neglected to leave a bottle of water (every table gets one) until I asked for a refill. Minor details but still a part of the experience.Other than that the food was delicious. For starters, we ordered the foie gras (yum) along with some foccacia for the table (yum). BF had the beef tenderloin that was cooked to perfection, served with rosemary fries and a great blue cheese dipping sauce. I got the seared sea scallops which were served on a bed of truffles mashed potatoes and lightly sauteed corn. There wasn't a crumb left on either of our plates.I would definitely like to come back. The patio looked amazing but too bad it was raining when I went. I was informed by the waitress that the restaurant was changing owners (and will have a new name) but everything else will stay the same. Here's hoping.
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2011,10/6/2011,342,426,1,8,5>As much as people may disagree with me on this review, I give AMP 150 a five star rating. I'm not sure how much my review will change with the new chef that supposedly is taking over (or already has taken over?), but nonetheless, five stars.My foodie co-workers and I ventured out to AMP 150 one night for dinner. After looking over the menu at work, we all commented "let's get the tasting menu!" and off we went.I love the tasting menu here. 45 bucks for 6 courses? What a steal. Even better, everyone who orders a tasting menu at your table, each gets a DIFFERENT 6 courses. All in all? We got 18 different plates, with 2 extra plates for added plus. Jeesh. We were stuffed by the end of the meal.Free tastings:Chicken liver pate with green mint jam: Interesting concept, as it came on toasted bread. I....thought the mint jam was too much. But, my co-worker loved it?Mushroom vegetable soup: AMAZING. Not too salty, super flavorful, and very heartwarming. It came in this itty bitty cup....but man, it was packed with flavors. I always hate trying soups (due to the overload of salt), but this was just right. Courses 2: Salads- bib lettuce, calamari salad, and edamame falafel salad. Of course I liked the falafel the best. The rest were good as well.Courses 3: Mussels in plum wine and coconut milk, baby bok choy,and rabbit. All of them were flavorful and tasty. I really liked the mussels (you would think plum wine+coconut milk would be extremely weird...but actually was quite good). The bok choy...I could have made. haha. But the rabbit was super tender and flavorful as well.Course 4: Hak fish with sweet potato, Cod in clam chowder sauce, and scallops in squid ink. I loved the fish and the scallops. My co-worker loved the clam chowder.Course 5: Lamb, flank steak, and chicken. All of these were GIGANTIC portions. The lamb was pretty amazing- super tender.....as well as the flank steak. The chicken was a little bit on the dry side...but still good.Course 6:  Milk chocolate panne cotta, sweet potato trifle cake, and a berry tart with amaretto ice cream. My favorite was definitely the panne cotta- oh so light and good. But really....the guys were full by the end of the meal, leaving me the dessert. Why yes, I'll finish those off for you....Definitely a yum-licious meal. I'm not sure how the restaurant will change with the new chef, but hey, when I went, it was definitely superb.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2010,10/5/2011,42,186,2,4,2>West Side Market is probably one of the best things about Cleveland! I literally visit the market every week for fresh produce, gourmet meats and breads, and for the culture. You will basically find anything you could want as far as food is concerned at the market. It is very similar to more famous markets such Reading Terminal in Philadelphia but I think it is just as good. The quality of the food you will find here is second to none and it is a very unique experience. As is mentioned in most of the other reviews, parking is free and the prices are cheap so there is no reason not to go. For those on government programs such as Food Stamps, most of the vendors will take your payments so there is no reason you should not be eating healthy foods.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,10/4/2011,68,481,3,4,1>Holy wonderful food coma. My first visit to Maxi's was long overdue. After living in Little Italy for over two years, I had still never been, so we decided to go one Sunday night for some drinks. They were the closest place open after trying Euclid Tavern and reluctantly (though thankfully they were closed) Mi Pueblo. We strolled in and someone yelled "They card in there, watch out." I guess we were flattered? Anyways, we go in and are greeted by Jason, a friendly bartender who ended up putting up with A LOT from us. We enjoyed our visit which included a couple or few beers and CALAMARI. Give me a second while I think of the words to describe this masterpiece......perfection. It was sauteed, not heavily breaded, and tender. I hate getting calamari that just gums up in my mouth and makes me a bit gaggy. This was far from it. I truly felt sorry for my friends (one is allergic to seafood and the other is vegetarian) as they were chowing down on some french fries. The next time was within a week and a half of my first visit and we actually had dinner. We had the calamari to start; how could we NOT?! The bread was also fantastic (side note: we ran out of bread today and all I can think about is how I don't want to go buy some other disappointing bread at the grocery store. I want warm Maxi's bread). I got the goat cheese ravioli and can't remember much else. Food drunk. Food blackout. Nothing but goat cheese and tomatoes floating around in my memory. The service was also fabulous. Our waiter put up with confusion, requests and plenty of empty water glasses multiple times in the evening. The only complaint I have is the pricing. While I was lucky enough not to purchase anything in my two visits, the prices still upset me. Pasta dishes in the early teens are sometimes understandable, but closer to $20 or so makes me uneasy.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2011,10/3/2011,97,170,3,12,5>First time here and it was absolutely amazing! Went here with a group of friends and we did the BBQ and ordered some appetizers. I ordered the spicy rice cakes and it was deliiiicious. It was nice and spicy, just the way I like it. The rice cakes were actually rice cakes, I've had some from other places and at Seoul, it topped it all. For Korean BBQ, we ordered the Galbi and Bulgogi. They were both marinated already so the taste was naturally great. There were plenty of banchan i think 13 side dishes, with the BBQ it came with the steamed egg, rice, lettuce, everything. Our table of 4 was stacked with food everywhere. Food tasted great and after the meal, they brought out cute little sweet milk juggies. I had them when I was a little kid and it definitely balanced the palate.  The decor of the place is pretty cute and not as shabby as it looks outside. It's a small place so I'm thinking it can fill about 50 people only. This would be a great place to come with a group of friends or go on a date. It would be nice if they had a back room for karaoke too lol
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2010,10/2/2011,178,155,5,6,7>Since the smoking ban went into effect, this place rocks.I have always loved the Cave, but back in the day, it was so smoky down there, I avoided visiting too often. There was simply not enough ventilation. But now, smoke free, it's great!I haven't really had much wine here. I mostly opt for beer. The selection is great. I actually like how you grab your own. I can take my time and really check out the offerings.Definitely a great place for a date, cozy and dark (just in case your date is ugly).This is really the only place on Coventry that doesn't feel like a college meathead bar. The age group is (thankfully) varied. I'm definitely a fan of La Cave!
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2010,10/1/2011,140,180,2,8,10>We held our wedding on the patio and had our reception in the back room. Monica was supremely flexible and helpful in helping us plan the even-- offering suggestions and accommodations. She came up with ways to make our wedding really wonderful-- things I had not even thought to ask! The room and patio were lovely, the food was beyond delicious and the service was flawless and gracious. If you have a party for fewer than 35 people and you want to treat them to the best food and service in town, this would be the place.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2011,9/30/2011,47,104,3,3,3>Nothing quite like unwinding in a cozy, dimly-lit bar with a few good friends or your significant other.Market Ave. Wine Bar provides the perfect atmosphere to do just that. The wine list is extensive and it's not too loud inside to have a conversation with your table.  The place is always busy but in a calm, mellow sort of way.It's a great spot for a quick reprieve during the work week and is a phenomenal low-key pre-game spot before you head over to Bier Markt on an Ohio City weekend.There is a back room for groups that was unfortunately occupied during my maiden voyage but I plan on returning for a quick sneak peek.As a matter of fact, I think I just convinced myself to go to Market Ave. tonight. I'm good.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,9/29/2011,38,37,3,2,4>Oh my gosh!  I had such a blast at this event.  In all of my years as a NE Ohio resident, I had no idea that this event existed.  My hippie friend Jan suggested that we check it out, so I decided it was worth my while.  First of all, I decided I was going to be brave and take the rapid down.  What an experience.  I met a sweet old man at the rapid station who talked to me all the way from W117th to Tower City.  I get off the rapid at E120, and have no idea where I'm going.  I follow the signs and finally get there. What a place.  So beautiful, so leafy, so hippie!  My kind of people.  My friend Jan and I walked around for about 2 hours, just enjoying watching people mix and mingle.  It was an eccentric crowd.  Personally, I love the barefoot people.  And the women who don't shave their pits.  Those are my people man.Food was amazing, music was great, beautiful day.  The only thing missing, and this sounds terrible, is beer.  BUT, the lemonade was delicious!
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,9/28/2011,17,54,3,5,2>I've been eyeing this place since I saw the sign a couple of months back.... Finally it's open! Yaying!!The positives: The menu is far the MOST extensive, varying from phos (beef noodles), mi (yellow egg noodles), bun (vermicelli), com tam (broken rice) etc. compared to the other viet restaurants around the Cleveland area. The variations excites me because it transport me back to California, so much to choose from :) Most importantly, the food was very good. We ordered the beef salad, pho tai, bun with pork, shrimp, and egg rolls and cafe sua. It's always comforting to see this place is legit because most of the other patrons were Vietnamese too! Now, the not so positives...given that they barely just opened their doors, service was a little off. Hopefully in time, this will improve. The servers were very kind, you just have to be patient and ask a couple of times. We weren't too concern about that problem though. And to warn you, this place also advertises itself as Thai cuisine--other than thai tea, and tom yum soup, there's nothing Thai about this place.My fiancé gives them a solid 4, since he's a self proclaimed pho connoisseur, and once he had it there, he doesn't believe it's their specialty. I give them a 5, mostly because of the menu and the food is above par. It also makes me feel like our little Asian Town is growing. Warms my heart.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,9/27/2011,84,98,2,2,3>The place is unique, what can I say? And when clever ingenuity yields good food, drink (you gotta try the margaritas, there's a bunch of really cool ones), and experience, that scores  major points in my book. I can understand how some people might not be "wowed" with their food, but it was good enough. WOW on the dessert though, for sure!I had a great time with friends here, I'd recommend at least trying it out.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,9/26/2011,145,54,,7,5>Are you a fan of ABC the Tavern?  How can you not be, right?  Well, you undoubtedly will become an even bigger fan of ABC's sister bar, XYZ the Tavern, upon your first visit - I know I did.Conveniently located right next to the Cleveland Public Theatre on West 65th and Detroit, XYZ is bound to be everyone's new favorite neighborhood bar, even if they're not from the Detroit Shoreway.With approximately 25 craft beers on tap, XYZ is a beer snob's dream come true. Whiskey lovers will be ecstatic when they peruse the selection of single malts, Irish, and rye - as well as the bourbon and scotch.  For the wine enthusiast, there are some nice options as well.The bar is warm and inviting and the servers are eager to help - while at the soft opening (which was packed) I was very impressed with the bartenders' ability to quickly acknowledge and complete the customers' requests.  It was as if the bar had been open for years - the bar was operating seamlessly and it hadn't even opened officially!XYZ also offers an eclectic food menu. We sampled an array of appetizers, like: hummus & pita, mini corn beef sandwiches, chicken & waffles, bruschetta and crostini.  All were delicious - fitting of a bar yet slightly unexpected.With all of this said - I am already looking forward to returning next weekend.  An absolutely wonderful addition to the Detroit Shoreway neighborhood.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,9/25/2011,69,192,6,4,3>1. I live downtown.  This theater is in walking distance.  There is seriously nothing more convenient than that. 2.  A semi-deserted theater is a good theater in my mind.  That means less people talking in a movie, less people waiting in line to see said movie, less annoying teenagers trying to look cool while a mob of them all waits in the "teen area" for their parents to pick them up and, lastly, practically a guarantee that you'll get a good seat.3.  This is a movie theater, therefore they show MOVIES.  Hence, there's no reason to go to the suburbs if I want to watch a movie.  BONUS!4.  Has anyone else noticed the "no balloons"  sign?  It cracks me up everytime.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,9/24/2011,11,16,8,8,5>The Petite Triangle is pretty self-explanatory. It's petite. It's a triangle. Maybe eight tables encompass an open kitchen - almost Hibachi style, but instead of flying eggs and flames, you'll see ribbons of crepe-batter poured onto hot plates. It's an obtuse dining experience (Yes, I totally just rocked a 7th grade geometry class reference) with a triple threat of savory entrees, high-end cocktails (with petite prices!), and mind-blowing desserts. Does that make it a sextuple threat? Speaking of sex, lets talk Nutella. The biggest things inside the Petite Triangle are the gi-a-normous jars of Nutella. They're like kegs of chocolaty-hazelnut goodness hanging out at the bar, sweet enough to get giddy on. I fantasize about that stuff. It will catapult your date into bed faster than Mathew McConaughey in a Versace speedo. Wrap that up in a paper thin pancake with some fresh cut bananas, a dollup of airy whipped cream, powered sugar and a finely sliced strawberry - voila, you're a Cleveland Casanova.Ok, so I jumped to dessert first - let's backtrack. I had always thought of The Petite Triangle as a Creperie - I. Stand. Corrected. There are soups, salads, steaks, pastas... and I haven't even touched on the extensive wine list. That tiny kitchen is like a culinary clown car - more and more and more and MORE food keeps popping out from behind it. I had the Steak & Boursin. Boursin is a cream cheese so creamy I actually thought it was butter. Now imagine fresh baguettes slathered in the stuff with two big fat steaks lying on top. Ohhhh yeah. Let's not forget the caramelized onions and homemade Lyonnaise potatoes, all painted with a hint of oil and spice. Each dish makes its entrance with a tantalizing aroma and a happy "ding" from the ready bell. Then it is swept tableside by a wait staff so naturally personable, you'd think you must have known them from a previous life.And then there's the cocktails. For examples: A brown sugar cube doused in orange bitters, fizzing at the bottom of a sweet champagne cocktail. A fresh leafy Mojito infused with a simple syrup pressed from fresh lavender petals ... and here's the best part: $5-$6.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,9/23/2011,128,99,3,3,4>I been to the Cleveland Museum of Art more than a few times because it's FREE !! and AWESOME !!Highlights+ Van Gogh+ Picasso+ Andy Warhol+ Auguste Rodin (upstairs in a glass room)+ Cool festivals few times a year + Air-Conditioned... for reals. Most important !!+ Wednesday open til 9pmIf you are in Cleveland, I see no reason not to check it out
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2010,9/22/2011,137,196,3,5,4>I'd be lying if i didn't say this place is a complete dump. But the staff is awesome, the food is incredibly cheap and the everything i have had has been fantastic. I usually go for breakfast with my boys on the weekend and breakfast for 3 is $12. I have heard the stuffed cabbage and chicken paprikash are phenomenal but i havent actually had them. I dropped a star for cleanliness and the condition of the restrooms. I am a stickler about bathrooms in restaurants. Parking is abundant and regardless of what the details say, they do NOT take credit cards. This is a cash only establishment. They do have an ATM inside. . The clientele is very diverse.. on any given morning you could be seated between nuns and policemen with a mean old man at the table behind them complaining that his soup is too hot. They have regular tables or a food counter. I highly recommend the Chimney Breakfast, served before 11 for $2.50..
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2011,9/21/2011,128,94,4,7,2>My visit to Geraci's was the first time I ever left a pizza joint not stuffed ridiculously full and ready to pop. It was fantastic. The restaurant is situated in a tiny shopping plaza and at first glance it appears there may not anywhere to park. There is additional (although I'm not sure it's theirs) parking in the back of the building. When you walk in the door you're greeted with the familiar "Guy was Here" poster - I've seen the episode of Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives that featured Geraci's - so I had come with some pretty high expectations. Upon fully entering the establishment you are greeted with a "Please Seat Yourself" sign - which is kinda nice since you are able to choose any booth or table you want. On this particular trip, many of the tables were full (we stopped in for a late-ish lunch, around 1:30pm) but not overbearingly packed. The restaurant appeared clean (no sticky tables or dirty booths here) and we were greeted by a waitress within minutes of taking a seat. Pouring over the menu we settled on a large pepperoni pizza with half sausage and half onion (my personal fave) and we also ordered a Caesar salad to share.When our salad arrived at our table it looked very homemade, the lettuce was fresh, the cherry tomatoes were ripe, and the parmesan and mozzarella cheese on top was divine. The only minor disappointment was that the salad wasn't tossed with the dressing (it was just on top) - but I made due and mixed it myself. Not too much longer after that we were greeted with our delicious looking pizza pie. The waitress then proceeded to plate a piece for each of us - which at first confused me, but I guess it was a nice "customer service-y" touch.The pizza looked appetizing and didn't have pools of grease on top. The hand-tossed regular crust was perfect, not overly done and definitely not crispy/greasy like some of the chain restaurants. The pepperoni was thick and AMAZING. It was my favorite part of the whole meal. The sausage was good too - but there was a lot of it - and it was somewhat overpowering. The sauce was another highlight - it wasn't heavy and didn't taste anything like the canned sauces that other pizza places use. For dessert we were tempted to order the Spingi (fried dough in a basket) but opted instead for the apple caramel cheesecake - which was divine!The waitress was friendly but our drinks were left empty for a good length of time (in her defense the cups are tiny and we were thirsty). Some final notes -1. They don't take credit cards, make sure you have cash on you.2. You take your bill up to the front - you don't need to wait for your waitress to take it up for you.3. Order some pepperoni!4. You can take a group for a celebration but it may be hard to find a large table all together.
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,9/19/2011,88,296,6,7,4>I'll admit, maybe I'm biased.  I had my birthday there so was in a good mood during my last visit.  Speaking of my birthday, they were exceptionally accommodating to our large group.  Separate checks?  No problem!  Everyone was very happy with their food which ranges from burgers and fries to schwarmas.  Looking at some of the kabobs, you'd think, gee, that's it?  Alas, the chicken was tender and well marinated, plus the tatziki sauce was nice and mild without being too cucumbery.  By the end of the meal everyone was stuffed for under $10!  I could barely eat my birthday baklava!  Another added bonus is that on Monday's they offer tango lessons.  I didn't participate in it fully, the instructors were helpful and they accommodated the big crowd.  I'll be back soon!  **disclaimer - I have no idea how to spell some of the food options.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,9/18/2011,89,182,2,6,3>When I visit this place it makes me want to cook like 1st drug bust scene in Goodfellas, like a mad man all cranked up! I enjoy shopping here. It has such a family owned VIBE. The service very friendly, these employees care! They have a very good deli with reasonable prices. Lots of olives and sausages. The prepared foods are excellent, from the pizza, sandwiches, and hot food items, everything is prepared fresh. The pizza dough is very good. it is rumored that several local pizza joints buy their dough from here. The frozen pastas are really good! The also carry Aurora's Spaghetti sauce. I remember this as little kid. Great sauce you must try it. Amore
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,9/17/2011,364,514,6,8,8>I have had nothing but wonderful experiences at the Fairview Park Regional Library. This week's adventure with fellow Yelper Rachel was no exception. It was Rachel's first time visiting a county branch so although she had a Greater Access card from Cleveland, apparently she needed her record put in the county's system. It took the Fairview employee about a minute to do this, and she seemed pleased to speak with Rachel to find out the pertinent info.The first thing I showed Rachel was the kid's section. Not only is there a huge section of books and DVDs, but they have many audio books on cd. There are also self contained audio books on players called Playaways. They are like MP3 players that contain just one book. They run on AAA batteries supplied by the library. Playaways are available for grown-ups too, in both fiction and nonfiction. I'm currently listening to a best seller. I love to plug it into speakers and listen while I clean or paint. I've also taken it to the pool--it's like reading by the pool without straining my eyes in the sun. I showed Rachel where you can find the Playaways and av geared toward adults. We both ended up snagging a few films. I spotted a season 2 of a tv series that I want to check out, reminding me that I can request season 1 online and pick up the DVDs at the branch when I receive an email that it's available. The online request options and multiple copies of DVDs and CDs is my favorite part of the library. Sometimes, the cd or DVD I want is available to pick up the next day. I am able to keep items for 3 weeks and there's no limit--it's no wonder stores like Borders are struggling. Rachel and I then moved to the "sizzler" shelves near the check-out. I love saying Sizzler. Anyways, these are the most popular books, mags, and DVDs that you may have for 3 weeks but may not renew. I spotted several Spanish language sizzlers, which I'd never noticed before. Rachel knew what book she was interested in reading, and I was excited because I knew exactly where to tell her to go. I'd seen the novel on a table by the front door, displayed with other recommended books. I like that the entire second floor stacks are available for me to peruse, but that I've often not needed to go upstairs to find a book to read; there are several tables with new novels, as well as a few shelves of new releases on the first floor. Besides nonfiction and fiction upstairs, there are magazines, study rooms, couches, and desks. I jokingly refer to these desks as my office because the library allows snacks and I can pretty much spend the entire day at a desk on my computer.When we checked out, we used the self checkout, which is easier to use than Giant Eagle's.I probably over explained and didn't really need to show Rachel around, but I love this place. I'm too excited to take a back seat. I have earned the title of library nerd. Showing off the place to my friend to write our joint 400th review just makes sense.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2011,9/16/2011,146,412,,6,5>I was so happy to share my first B spot experience with my boyfriend! I enjoyed my experience here on a breezy weekday night. We ordered the Fat Doug and Yo! and shared it. Mmmm.... and they were good. They hit the spot after a long day. These aren't just any burgers... they have fried salami on them! They have pastrami on top of quality beef? Delicious! They also have a sweet pepper / green tomatoes / other bar along with 6 delicious sauces to dip your burger in, like balsamic steak sauce, special ketchups and mustards. Yum!Their beef is high quality too - worth the price.We had a side of lola fries and I always enjoy the rosemary flavoring.The service was really helpful and prompt. They directed us (first timers) to the award winning burgers, and they were good. I'd definitely go back for more!
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,9/15/2011,99,118,6,4,3>Ni hao.  Can't get to Hong Kong today on the next flight out on the orient express.  Baked pork hong kong style is my favorite here. Chinese satellite tv is on to catch up on what's happening in the old country or to see the latest game show that will be in the states in a matter of weeks. If you don't know what to get or speak mandarin, just point to the pics that illustrate the dishes on the wall. Go ahead try that dish that looks like chicken. It may just be eel or squid and I'm sure it's good. Bring your laptop with rosetta stone to learn mandarin so you can understand what the locals are saying about you. For you non adventurous types there still is an americanized menu for your faint heart.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,9/14/2011,67,157,3,5,5>This was exactly what the Detroit Shoreway needed.  Now there's no reason to not take the family down and explore Cleveland.   Since I wasn't around when soda fountains were all the rage I'm going to assume it's pretty authentic.  Much better than when I worked at Malley's in high school and had to wear a pink dress or green apron.  I've been here a couple times and the ice cream and popcorn are some of the best around.  The salted caramel corn is heavily coated with just a hint of sea salt.  The hot fresh caramel is thick and creamy and amazing on the vanilla bean ice cream.  I've also had bananas foster ice cream but I might stick with the vanilla because it was so good.  The only gripe I would have would be with the workers.  I worked in an ice cream shop in high school and for a couple summers in college.  It was a blast.  Have fun or smile a little bit.  Also, I think they need a better system.  I received my Sunday, started eating and finished (had to it was melting) before my friend received hers.  They served the people on the counter before they made hers so we had to watch each other eat.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2010,9/13/2011,36,127,,8,4>Very excited to have a new non-chain family owned restaurant in Strongsville! The Bier House Euro-American Bistro is a pub style casual dining restaurant. They have a variety of draft beers (15) and bottles (18). They only serve draft beers in pints. For a restaurant that is just opening they really seem to have it together. We were seated by a very friendly hostess and our server was knowledgeable about the menu even though they had just opened and were still trying new things. My friend and I split the garden salad ($7.95). The romaine lettuce wasn't sliced and came out whole on the plate in about 4 pieces. The lemon herb vinaigrette was homemade and delicious. The salad also had fried capers and feta cheese on it. They had a variety of other salads all about $8. I ordered the Bier Hause Burger - 100% angus beef, cheddar cheese, onion, lettuce, and pickle ($9.95). The burger was cooked to perfection and awesome. The frites served on the side were AWESOME! They ran out of ketchup and went out to go get it instead of telling us they didn't have it...good sign of customer service! The entrees ranged from $11.95-$18.45, sandwiches & wurts $9.95, and appetizers range from $7.95 - $11.95. I am looking forward to going back soon and trying beir-haus mac & cheese - Roasted chicken, grape tomatoes, fresh spinach, herbs in a Bier Cheese sauce.....sounds yummy!!!!
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,9/12/2011,74,71,4,6,4>I had been hearing about Deering Vintage for quite some time now and being the fashion lover that I am I figured it was about time I check this place out.  I had a little trouble finding the place (stupid iPhone!) but my frustration disappeared the instant I stepped into this treasure chest!I didn't know where to start - there were so many great pieces that caught my eye.  I was on a short time limit, but I was able to sift though quite a few racks and ended up finding an amazing 70's cocktail dress to wear to a wedding I have coming up. I also found a few pieces that I wanted to think about before making the impulse buy and I haven't stopped thinking since!  There is such a wide variety of clothing and I noticed quite a few designer pieces at REALLY GREAT prices.  And if you love vintage accessories, then this is the place for you because there is a HUGE collection that I definitely want to go check out when I have the time to really take it all in. All in all, one of the best vintage stores I've been to in any city!
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,9/11/2011,38,63,,10,10>I've lived in the Heights for nearly 10 years and, embarrassingly, passed by The Grapevine zillions of times before actually making my way in on New Year's Eve to pick up a bottle for a party I was going to later that night.I'm really sorry I didn't make it in sooner, because it turns out that The Grapevine is a nice place with a really decent selection of wines. The selection seemed to favor California wines, and I found a lot of mid-range, moderately priced bottles -- which is what I'm always in the market for.The owner was hands-off and just let me do my thing and browse, but he was also very willing to answer my questions. They also do gift baskets -- the front part of the shop is dedicated to a display on what they can do. Looks like they offer a pretty good variety of baskets to send near and far.All in all, a nice wine shop that I will definitely visit again!
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,9/10/2011,9,19,7,5,5>It takes a lot to get me out of the house to socialize with other humans.  But the promise of a $5 vegan hot dog with unlimited topping choices (from a list of a gazillion) is enough for this girl to get her butt out the door and into the world.  I had been there once before but I was not aware of this magical hotdog menu and I thought it was just another crowded bar with lots of tall young men with curiously thick beards and girls with tattoos.  (No offense to those people-  my boyfriend is tall and has a beard and I have tattoos)Not until I read on Greendogwine.com (the fun website of a local foodie chicks' adventures) that this place was not your average bar.I took a friend of mine to Happy Dog on a Saturday night.  The place was packed wall-to-wall.  Like, hard to move or breathe packed.  We each had to pay a $5 cover charge to see a band I wasn't interested in seeing, which is kind of annoying because I just came for the food but I was on a mission and nothing was going to stop me.  Except ALL THESE FREAKIN' PEOPLE IN MY WAY.There was no place to sit, not really even a place to comfortably stand without being way too intimately close with a stranger BUT the hotdog gods were watching us that night.  We lucked out and got 2 seats at the bar that a guy was saving for some friends that didn't show up.  Hallelujah!Food:  We ordered beer (don't ask me what kind, I only drink beer with intention to loosen my uptight ass up a little- or a lot) and got our hotdog checklist and little pencils.  This moment felt so sweet, I was giddy.  I got the vegan dog with kimchi, a pickle, tomato and something else that I forgot and fries with 4 different dipping sauces (I would have gotten all the dipping sauces but I didn't want to look too greedy).  My friend got the regular hotdog with kimchi, a pickle and a fried egg on tip and tator tots smothered in cheese.I expected to wait awhile since they were so busy but I was surprised and pleased when we got our dogs in about 10 minutes.  My vegan dog was everything I wanted and more.  A few bites into it I thought "Damn, I'm gonna need another one", but I actually got full really fast and couldn't finish my last bite.  The fries were great and the dipping sauces were fab.Service:  Nothing but smiles all around.   They were appropriately staffed on such a busy night with the sweetest tattooed lady bartenders.  We never once had to wait for a beer refill, someone was always right there to swoop in and get us more drinks.  I was very impressed with the tight ship they run there.  I would be so overwhelmed with that crowd but they worked it like pros.  And the speed in which my dog was delivered to me was exceptional.I will be back.  Soon.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,9/9/2011,63,147,3,5,4>First the decor - if you didn't see the menu and couldn't smell the mesmerizing turkish food being cooked in the kitchen, you wouldn't guess that this is a turkish eatery.  I like the unique take on modernistic decor with hints of turkish culture via patterned carpets hanging on the walls (traditional turkish patterns weaved in of course).  Although we sat at a cozy table by the nook of the steps leading upto the main dining area from the bar, the interior space seemed very open and airy.  There was a small party room and small tables along a corridor.  Second the drinks - I took the queue from my good yelp friend Rachel and tried the Fire Orchid flavored soda ( I couldn't find this flavor on their menu ) but I was very glad to have tried it.  Ask for two shots of the syrup, one just isn't enough for this flavor.  We also had their Grand Bazaar ( a concoction of Orange Vodka, Triple Sec, Orange Juie & Sprite) it went down smooth and very fast actually.  This one is a must try for me the next time I'm in.Third the service - Our waitress was very courteous and she was always at an ear shot distance.  She was attentive and stopped by just when we needed her.  When I requested a second shot of flavor in my Fire Orchid drink she happily and excitedly took the drink back and even topped it up.  This was a very attentive gesture in my perspective.  There was not a slight hint of hesitation.  The service was just right for our visit.Fourth the food - Now this is the shinning star of Istanbull Grill.  We started with their Baba Gannush - their preparation of this common appetizer was just the right amount of eggplant & tahini mixture.  Some places either put too much eggplant or too little.  Istanbul seems to have gotten this mix correct.  The pita bread served with it were piping hot & soft (sign of freshly baked goodness) which we had two baskets.  You can neve have enough fresh pita.  This was accompanied by their Red Lentil Soup - I could not speak as I had this soup, only because it was as good as your turkish grandmother's recipe.  I have yet to try a red lentil soup better than this in Cleveland area.  For our entree - we had the Okra Stew - unfortunately I found this item in need of some improvement - the stew was a little too overwhelmed by cumin almost someone wasn't paying attention to the portion required. Although it was still edible, the after-taste of each bite of this was a little unpleasant.  The second entree we had - Chicken Adana Kebap - was well worth the trip to Istanbul Grill.  This kebap of ground chicken, red bell peppers and parsley grilled & served with rice, marinated onions was full of taste and flavor. This dish did not disappoint our taste buds and left was wanting more.  Even as it arrived at our table, the smell of this dish shifted our tastebuds to high gear.Instanbul Grill is a must visit again and again for me.  Not only because of its good service, and great food but also for the variety it offers that makes me want to go back today and try more.  I just have to watch my weight :-)
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,9/8/2011,30,393,5,4,3>Went to my first CSU basketball game at the Wolstein Center last night and had an amazing time!  I'm pretty apathetic about sports, but there was so much going on between the dance team, mascot, pep band, and random contests during the time outs that I didn't completely lose interest in the game.  Tickets range from $10 to $15, and my $15 ticket got me 6 rows away from the court.Another nice perk for CSU games is this thing they have called Hoopy Hour.  For two hours before the game starts, draft beer is $2 and they offer a selection of $2 food - things like popcorn, pretzels, etc.  Stuff you'd generally pay a lot more for at any other sporting venue!  We happened to luck out and were given 3 free drinks tickets (each!) by one of the sponsors.  Not sure how many people got those tickets, but it seemed like no one had to pay for beer!Overall, this was a great way to spend an evening - food, fun, supporting my alma mater, and a winning team?  Score!
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,9/7/2011,86,287,8,8,8>Each Yelper comes to the point where they haven't been anywhere new in a while, and yet the need to review something has to be satiated. This is when you start to review stuff like your doctor, dentist, gas station, or fast-food joint you secretly hit up once every couple weeks (Taco Bell on W. 117th, I'm looking in your direction). And herein lies my doctor review: Dr. Loos has been professional each time I've seen him and is one of the few doctors I've seen that goes out of his way to ask multiple questions. My family doctor, when growing up, was definitely the old-school how're-you-feeling-OK-here-are-some-pills-see-ya-­later type. That's not the case here. And recently when I've been the sickest I've been in about 10 years, I was able to see him an hour after I called to make an appointment. I was drugged up and better that afternoon. Can't complain about that.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2011,9/6/2011,118,61,6,9,7>There's no turning back once you've had fresh, well-made pasta.  Flavorful, buttery soft yet also chewy in texture--it's fresh cooked dough no package of dried pasta can ever replicate.  And Ohio City Pasta certainly knows their stuff.Picked out my own sampler of noodles at their North Union Farmer's Market stand--angel hair, rosemary linguine, basil and lemon linguine, and at the enthusiastic recommendation of the amicable rep, a small tub of garlic butter.  Toss it in with the pasta right after it's done and draining in the colander, he says.  More like, toss your heart and soul into a raging sea of despair forevermore, should you ever run out of Ohio City Pasta noodles and garlic butter, you doomed-to-be-fresh-pasta-addict, you.$1.50 per serving of pasta's a little pricey, but it's inevitable when there's no competition.  They've got every combo of herbs and seasonings you can imagine for pasta for all you adventurous types.  Can't wait to stop by their headquarters one of these weekends and report back on the premises!
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2010,9/5/2011,49,122,2,5,3>Are you a fan of Sun, Surf, Sand, or Wind? If so you'll love Edgewater!  After spending a summer of running, walking, lounging, and enjoying this park I can safely say that I'd recommend it to anyone.  Ignore the haters who say it's gross, not safe, and a dangerous place.  Sure it might be those things at night.. but really what are you doing at the park after dark anyway? There are two parts of the park, lower level which is has a ton of running trail for those people in better shape than I.  On this level there is also green space great for flag football, kites, or frisbee.  You'll also find the Cleveland "beach" on this level.  Sure it's not the cleanest place, the sand might not feel that great, but it's all we've got so lets not be negative nancys.. k? Then you go up top, and find a bit more of a wooded park than the lower level.  You can access this part from a walking path or driving up via lake avenue.  This is where I run, shorter path so I feel more accomplished when I run, lots of grills for bbq, area to play any number of sports, and covered patios to use.  I will say that I DO NOT recommend using the restrooms while you are here, they are nasty as... well crap.  If those were renovated and kept up I'd give it a 5 star..
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,9/4/2011,64,154,,12,3>I was glad when I had heard that this place was opening up under new ownership. Cleveland's got a ton of great Indian restaurants, but we didn't have a restaurant that offered Nepali cuisine...until now! I had a fantastic experience at this place...by far, it was one of the best meals that I've had in Cleveland in quite some time.First of all, the owners' story of how they wound up in America is really remarkable. Rather than paraphrase it, I'll just repost what they said on their Facebook page: "We are new immigrants to Northeast Ohio, having resettled here in 2008 from the refugee camps of Nepal. For 18 years we were unable to return to our homeland of Bhutan." We heard their story in person too--their courage and persistence in the face of so much difficulty is amazing and inspiring to me.I went with a group of friends, and we ordered family style and shared everything. We got one of the Nepali combination meals--I think it was the third one on the list--and it was absolutely fantastic. We had plenty of food and we even took home a sizable amount of leftovers as well. The desserts were the highlight of the meal--we had one dessert with ground carrots and spices (maybe parents should serve this dessert to their kids to get them to eat their vegetables?) and another dessert that was like a rice pudding. I think I enjoyed the fragrant scent of the rice pudding just as much as the taste of it!I also appreciated the fact that they brought bread and delicious sauces without us first having to ask for it. These days, lots of restaurants are waiting until people ask for bread before they bring it to the table...not here! In my opinion, little touches like this can really make a great meal into an excellent meal.We did get one Indian main dish--Sheila F.'s favorite is the Lamb Korma, so we ordered a serving of that as well. I loved that as well! We dipped some of our naan in the delicious sauce so nothing went to waste--everything was so delicious, it would have been a shame to waste any of it! We also had an order of the samosas.My great experience made me want to try to more of their Indian dishes in the future. I have a very flexible schedule these days, and I can't wait to try the lunch buffet! The service was stellar. The ownership and staff are extremely friendly. We had everything we needed and we were checked up on very regularly--which is key when one needs constant streams of water to quench the fire in one's mouth from spicy food--yet the service was provided in a way that wasn't annoying or intrusive. It's a shame that this place doesn't get the recognition that it deserves. I know for a fact that if this place was located in Tremont, Ohio City, East 4th, Detroit-Shoreway, etc, it would get a ton of publicity. Unfortunately, it's located in a bit of an out-of-the-way place, but as word spreads about this place, hopefully it will get the attention that it deserves! I know for a fact that I'll be back, and I hope to see you there.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,9/3/2011,97,533,4,4,3>I may be a little biased since this is in stumbling distance from my house, but I think this is one of the nicest patios to spend a summer evening on with a frosty beverage. It's smack in the middle of Rocky River's "downtown" but traffic and passerby noise (with the possible exception of the faint din of rug rats coming from Mitchell's) largely disappears because it's set back from the road.  In less lovely weather, the inside is warm and welcoming. The menu has gone through some evolution, but it appears to have settled into a good formula of starters, salads, small plates, and entrees. A couple of the items they opened the place with have sadly disappeared (multiple dipping sauces for the calamari, and the creme brûlée flight) but I still love their food for the most part. Their wino fries with Cabernet ketchup stand out, as well as a good assortment of flat breads to soak up the wine. I am far from a wine expert, but I never have trouble locating something good to drink with the help of a server. They seem to be fairly versed in all of the offerings. The Wine Bar also has a smallish but well-chosen beer list and some nice liquors. Service is generally good, but I have had a couple of instances where servers vanish for long periods of time. While I agree with a previous reviewer's pointing out that there may be a few cougars to be found here, this is far from Viagra Triangle material, thankfully. The crowd is diverse and laid-back, with most parties coming to eat and drink and socialize rather than to be seen.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2011,9/2/2011,78,264,4,5,3>I don't really get some of the crappy reviews for CLE. Look, it's an airport. It has a function - that being to get a lot of people through it in an efficient and timely manner. At this, it's up there with the best. I've NEVER waited longer than 25 min in the security line. Of course I've been delayed, but mostly for weather which really can't be blamed on the airport. It is the Midwest, after all. Check in lines can be long but this is rare and if you're a seasoned traveler, you know how to get around this (don't check a bag, curbside check it, etc).Food and shop options are getting better all the time. If not for that new Dunkin' Donuts in the check-in area, I might have to give a 3-star. Thank GOD for that DD. I have nearly died of caffeine/donut withdrawal while waiting to check in back in the days before that blessing arrived. Just in the past year two new sit-downs added - the Pub (English theme bar/restaurant just past the main checkpoint), and Quaker Steak and Lube in Concourse B I think.  As Cara said, you don't go to the airport looking for a great gourmet dinner at a value price. Yes, the food is overpriced - show me an airport where it isn't. Also, you know you're not going to get a steak knife so here's an idea - don't order a steak! All in all - not a bad airport. It's really not. If you've ever been to God-awful ORD, you know what I mean.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,8/31/2011,70,110,2,4,3>Everyone wants to make their own beer. Every single college kid has thought about buying those lousy brew-at-home kits. The Brew Kettle has just taken this and made it easy to craft good beer yourself. By providing you with nice equipment and premium ingredients, you can make way better beer than any home draft kit. I am planning a great German concoction with smooth caramel malts and some milder hops! Definitely a very cool business model and when you add up all your costs it is actually pretty cheap per beer. And it is FUN to make!Their food and bar is pretty nice too. I ordered the Fish n Chips and was very happy with the portion size, presentation, and price. It tasted pretty good and it was very filling.  The coleslaw had dill in it and I liked the different taste. They went a little heavy with the parsley garnish but it didn't taste bad or anything. I will defiantly come back for more!Well I'm off to brew my beers later this month, I will let you know how it goes!
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,8/30/2011,9,256,2,3,3>As Anton Ego said in the movie Ratatouille, "Not everyone can become a great artist, but a great artist can come from anywhere."  In the case of Wild Mango, this artist comes from the humbling confines of Great Northern Mall (hidden behind a Red Lobster, no less).The most striking thing about Wild Mango is the design of the space the restaurant occupies.  It starts in the white ante room and a hostess who is happy to take your coat for you.  Off the ante room is a bar area complete with couches and curtains--something that would not be out of place as a small Las Vegas VIP area.  Towards the main dining room, there is a fairly impressive display of the available wines.  The main dining room itself is just the right size for an intimate dinner--it actually reminded me of the main dining area at Charlie Trotter's in Chicago but without the middle server/preparation area.  While I thought the lacquer tables were a bit out of place, the room is nicely furnished.  Even more interesting were the little enclave dining rooms off the main room that can provide an even more personal environment.I thought that the food, by taste, was...just okay and maybe a little disappointing after taking in the interior design of the restaurant.  The Pepsi Shrimp is pretty basic, and the Bouillabaisse (which I got upon the server's recommendation) was about the same.  I will give Wild Mango a lot of credit, though, for outstanding design in plating and presenting food.  One aspect of plating that is sometimes neglected by even very top restaurants is to offer a variety of presentation in terms of the how high the food stands off the plate.  It is clear that a lot of thought and care goes into the the overall presentation--both in the food and in the structure--at Wild Mango.Overall, Wild Mango is a bit pricier than some of its competitor restaurants in the North Olmsted area.  I think, however, it is money well spent to have at least the start of a fine dining experience in a wholly unexpected locale.  If Wild Mango could ratchet up its food offerings--both in taste and creativity--it would be on its way to competing with the best restaurants in Northeast Ohio.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,8/29/2011,196,453,,5,4>I'm feeling generous today and one of the reasons is the fantastic dinner I had at Chinato on Saturday night.  Of course before arriving I read a number of Yelp reviews and did my research online with regards to a lot of the dishes on the menu that I may not have understood being put on the spot at the time of ordering.  I can honestly say that early preparation made a big difference, even our waiter Brian was impressed as he was prepared to give us a 5 minute instructional run down of the menu.So....drinks...ahhh....Alison (pregnant) really wanted a sip of wine so I ordered a Cab blend that was recommended by Brian.  The wine was great with everything that we ate, even though we didn't properly pair it, both the dishes and the wine held their own so intertwining the flavors was not even on my mind.Our strategy going into the dinner was to not overeat as we were heading to a hockey game afterward and needed to make room for some arena-fare.  I thought that getting an appetizer, small pasta to share, and two dinner entrees would suffice, Brian whole-fully agreed.  So...here is the breakdown.App - Supplì al telefono $7.00 - Yelp recommendation and a terrific one!!  We both absolutely loved these risotto balls.  Already planning to come back just to sit at the bar and get these.  Risotto, seemed tomato basil based, rolled, deep fried, and rolled again in what I believe was Parmesan dust.Pasta - Linguine with baby clams, calamari and scallions $9.00 - This was just OK.  I thought the calamari was overcooked and a little rubbery, but the tentacles were fine.  I also believe the noodles were al dente, could have used a little more time on the skillet.  Broth was butter, lemon, wine, clam sauce? based but was good with the bread that is continually brought to your table.  I will get a different pasta next time.Dinner (Jeff) - Chicken Legs "saltimbocca" style $17.00 - Phenomenal comfort dish!  I absolutely devoured this thing.  It's basically two seasoned chicken legs slow roasted, bone removed, stuffed with cheese, and flash fried to crisp the skin.  These legs were then placed on a bed of kale, polenta, and some sort of sauce / gravy that went perfectly with the dish.  All this topped with another green that I couldn't remember, too much dinner bliss at this point. Dinner (Alison) - Stuffed Swordfish with olive paste $20.00 - Alison and I both really enjoyed this dish.  It was more of a stack then a stuff.  Bottom layer was deep fried polenta, next layer was grilled swordfish, then arugula, olive paste with kalamatas, another sword filet, and then topped with a little drizzle of a sauce, balsamic it seemed, and some greens.  This dish went beautifully when tasted together or separate.  I really loved the flavor the grill gave the sword, nicely seasoned.  Would definitely get again.  The olive paste doesn't make it too salty, just know that its there before you order.Desert - None NeededOverall - Great dinner, period.  Service (Brian) was always attentive but never annoying, waters always full, dishes cleared properly (time and fashion), the atmosphere was comforting / fun, and all in all I thought the bill fit the dinner perfectly.  Under $100 for what we both agreed were totally fantabulous meals, those that deserve a made up word like fantabulous.  So stop hesitating, its not as dressy appropriate as you might think.  There is always the bar area with tables that seem a little more laid back.   Not at all what either of us expected but in a very good way.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,8/28/2011,64,141,,4,4>This is my favorite deli.  Very friendly.  The variety of sandwiches is great.  Make sure to get the pickle.  You like baloney.  Get the no phoney baloney.  An almost 1 inch thick baloney steak sandwich with Dijon mustard and smoked cheddar.  Also for sale are many choice European beers.  Including great polish beers.  The kind that even get your dad drunk.  10% AC?  Who needs 10%?  Yes, 2 please.They have great cookies.  To top it all, sometimes you get some double bubble with your order!Right off the towpath, and hidden by a BK, I recommend a visit.  But do it during the week, and in the day, Gourmands is open early and closes early.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,8/27/2011,46,63,,5,4>It's an act of trust and faith, eating sushi in the Midwest. While I can look out at a large body of water, it's not the same as being on one of the coasts, where I can at least have the illusion of my fish being pulled from the sea mere hours before it adorns my plate. And yet, I can't stop myself from trying, sometimes to not-very-good effect.Sasa is a welcome success in the Midwest sushi quest. Settle into their welcome atmosphere, and you will quickly feel at home, thanks to the banter of the friendly staff. The menu makes good use of the types of fish available, with some imaginative rolls, and the kitchen will accommodate substitutions and special requests.But before you get your fish on, be sure to have the fries. A strange specialty for a Japanese restaurant, they are some of the best fries in town, neck and neck with Lola fries for number one.The sake menu is extensive, for those who drink it, and the appetizers quite tasty, particularly the lamb ribs. Definitely one of the best things about Shaker Square these days.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,8/26/2011,88,107,,3,2>L'Albatros is hidden away behind a row of Greek life housing and a parking lot, nestled in a small and intimate building.  Once you step inside, it is a completely different atmosphere with modern decor.To one side of the restaurant, you see contrasts of dark brick with white furniture to brighten the room, with a fireplace as the centerpieces of one of the rooms.  The large window provides a picturesque view of the patio with and outdoor bar, stylish furniture and a garden full of beautiful, white Hydrangeas.  The bar has a nice, clean, contemporary seating area.  Liken much to a trendy scene, where young professionals or stylish adults would meet to grab a drink or two. With two small booths for those, who desire to sit in a booth, instead of a bar chair.  The other side of the restaurant has softer lines with bright colors with a semi-private dining area.  We started off by ordering two specialty drinks: "Effen Herbs and Berries" and "Port of Call."  Each of the drinks had contrasting flavors in comparison to each other.  The Effen Herbs and Berries had a nice sweet taste with smashed basil and strawberries.  The splash of balsamic vinegar completed the drink.  The Port of Call was more of a tart drink with light hints of lemon and figs at the bottom.  Both were a nice refreshing summery libation.    We started off with an appetizer of escargot, which were okay.  The escargots were served in a non-traditional style with the shells off and in a miniature casserole dish.  The escargots sat on a bed of surprisingly crispy croutons and were completely covered in a buttery, lightly garlic sauce.  It was quite the variation from the typical white wine, garlic, parsley, and tarragon sauce.  They were not the best escargots I've had, but my view on escargots is a bit bias since my trip to Paris.  For Cleveland, they're good, not great, but good.  I got a side salad just for a balanced meal; a typical basic salad with lettuce, tomato, etc.  The dressing was a slightly sour/tart, perhaps balsamic vinaigrette, but heavy on the vinegar.  Unfortunately, my main course did not go over as well.  I got the pan seared scallops and fresh pasta, a "popular dish," as quoted by the waitress.  The scallops were cooked perfectly, without rubbery texture and not overly seasoned.  You could taste the fresh scallops.  However, the fresh pasta was chewy and needed to be cooked an extra 1-2 minutes.  The basic bechemel sauce surrounding the pasta and lining the underside of the scallops was bland and lacked flavor.  I quite surprised to hear that this was a popular dish.  I hate to send food back and be a bother, but this was so too disappointing not to send back.  Perhaps, they forgot an ingredient or two when they made mine?Luckily, we had a wonderful waitress, Tesa (pronounced Teasa), who was very gracious and accommodating.  Our water glasses were always full and she made sure we were satisfied.  In lieu of the scallops that were sent back, she advised me to try the Hanger Steak and Frites.  THE DISH WAS ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS.  The steak was tender and cooked to a lovely shade of pink in the middle (I like my steak medium-medium well).  The steak juices just oozed out every time I stuck my fork or knife into it...  Mmmmm (mouth watering, while writing this review, kind of good).. The steak was dressed in a Bearnaise sauce, which is different from the typical Espagnole sauce that goes with beef.  It was different, providing a slightly different flavor to the steak.  The sauce didn't overpower the steak, but instead, enhanced every the flavor and the seasonings of the steak.  The delicious shoestring-like fries were cooked in beef fat (as I was told), providing the sweet AROMA OF A FRESH DONUT with the tasty savoriness of beef (insert more mouth watering).  Bottom Line: While the dinner went off to a rough start, the restaurant's strong points: great customer service, drinks, Steak and Frites, and atomsphere, saved the night.  I shall return to L'Albatros for some more Steak Frites and to venture onto other dishes soon.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2011,8/25/2011,105,123,,9,5>I was searching for somewhere I could get a CND Shellac manicure in a hurry (and without an appointment), so I checked CND's website and came across XTreme Nails.  It's close to where I work and I knew they accepted walk-ins, so I decided to give it a chance.I went with the shellac manicure and a regular pedicure and I was very happy with both!  I picked a kind of ugly color polish for my manicure (totally my fault!) but the manicure looks really great. Sometimes, if the edges aren't done correctly, the manicure does not last the full 2 weeks, but this one seems perfect.  My pedicure was quick and relaxing.I would definitely go back - I'm bad at making nail appointments in advance and it's nice to have the option to simply walk in!
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,8/24/2011,162,287,9,9,8>I'm not sure why I haven't yet reviewed one of the best beer snobby drinking establishments in Clevetown. Bier Markt is everything a snooty, pretentious, craft beer drinker could ask for. Kwak, Duvel, Piraat, oh my! Each time I visit, I die and go to Belgian beer heaven. If you're not a beer drinker, (why are you breathing?) they offer wine and various cocktails. Believe it or not, I ordered a mulled wine and it was delicious. Everyone kept asking why I was drinking out of a mug and if I was sick or something. The atmosphere is really lovely as well. I love the huge, comfy tables that are surrounded by curtains. Bar Cento is next door, Speakeasy is downstairs. There are plenty of options in one convenient space. The only negative things about this place: it gets really crowded on weekends these days and it can be tough to move around. And there's a jerk of a bartender that works downstairs at Speakeasy.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,8/23/2011,167,334,3,5,4>Friday last, it was rainy and dreary.  As I headed out to the West Side Market for my weekly grocery trip, I stopped at my beloved Gypsy.  The guy behind the counter makes a helluva macchiato!  Loads of foam, just the way I like it, and espresso.  No milk, just the foam and espresso. (It's a macchiato for cryin' out loud people!)  I make my way back to my car & boom, there goes the macchiato, the perfection, all over my car floor.  Aghast, I pause in shock and then begin the mop-up process.  I proceed back to Gypsy, explain dejectedly that I had an accident & the macchiato is no more.  What do they do?  The macchiato artist makes me another brilliant cup at no-charge.  Bless them!  Even in my protestation that it was my error they understood the need for caffeine and granted me another.  Thank you Gypsy for being amazing once again!
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,8/22/2011,72,198,8,8,11>Well, I suppose it's my turn to heap the much deserved praises on The Velvet Tango Room. While the VTR is a 5-star establishment through and through this yelper deserves 1-star for having taken so long to experience it all. I brought my one man wolf pack here after some engagements in the downtown area this past Friday night, and from the moment I walked in I knew I was someplace special. The hostess was charming, and worked her magic to land me a spot at the bar. Once seated I was provided with what felt like a hero's welcome by the other patrons, and more dapper staff members, with recommendations and the general run down on what I was about to experience. I am regrettably not remembering the names of the wonderful cocktails I was served , but as Shakespeare so famously wrote, "What's in a name?" Truthfully, it doesn't really matter. The bartenders are so good at what they do you can just tell them what kind of liquor you want, and they'll construct something to suite your tastes. I was even given a tour of the establishment from the "back room" on out to the beautiful patio complete with a two hole putting green. Nice touch. Another nice touch was seeing the owner, Paulius, serving bananas foster table side - fez hat and all. What a gentleman he is! This was a truly beautiful experience. One that I look forward to experiencing time and time again.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2011,8/21/2011,44,84,6,5,4>Cleveland's history with Thai restaurants is a little muddied.  It's had many decent (if not exceptional) Thai restaurants, but something about the intersection of "Cleveland" and "Thai" equals, bafflingly, "Open at non-euclidean hours."  Time after time I've been told that a local Thai restaurant is good, only to discover that they're only open on Tuesdays at one o'clock after a full moon.  And so, not surprisingly, the life span of a Thai restaurant in Cleveland tends to be brief.  The hole-in-the-wall becomes a Thai-in-the-wall, and then a hole-in-the-wall again.  Alas.  So it is with great hopes that I announce that Banana Blossom seems to have sane hours, and a really nice locale.  It's not beautiful, but very stark and unobtrusive, and the food is good.  We started with the appetizer sampler platter, and got a very nice mixed bag.  The spring rolls were a little mushy on the vegetables and the sauce lacked some brightness  - but the satay was brilliant, and the peanut sauce was so good I actually ate spoonfuls of it.  The shrimp was quite nice.  The true test of any Thai house, however, is the curry - my wife had the red curry, which was very complex and flavorful, with a bright dash of red pepper splashed across it.  The masaman curry wasn't quite as complex - it was almost monotone in its peanutinness - but for a simple dish it was also damned tasty, and I finished it off without any leftovers.  Considering their portions are quite generous for the pricing, that's pretty damned awesome.  Banana Blossom's my go-to example for "When star-based rating systems break down."  For Banana Blossom's right on the bubble between 4 and 5 - it's like a 4.44.  It's quite good.  It could be great, given another night or two.  So I hate giving it four stars, but five stars was just a tad too much.  Still, the average is about 4.5 stars overall, and that's about right.  Plus, they're open when you get there.  in Cleveland, for Thai, that's a Herculean effort.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/20/2011,8/20/2011,241,224,,6,2>Noodlecat - not too shabby! This is a tasty bowl of noodles. I sampled the Shoyu Miso Ramen - which came with shredded pork belly, greens, delicious ohio city noodles, scallions and miso. You're able to add in other sides for $1 more, which we gladly did. I highly recommend the snow peas - so crisp and delish! Some may not enjoy this, but I enjoy the communal eating experience at the hightops.  If you prefer you can get your own table, but I like how you're able to enjoy your own conversation, but also lean over and go - "Um, what is that? Good?"  Being that it's a new place, I was able to get a greater food medley experience. Everyone enjoyed what they sampled, from the college bowl (recommend additional mix-ins) to the Soba Donburi w/ vegetable tempura cake. It all looks wonderful! I'll be back to sample a different bowl, and soon!
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2010,8/19/2011,67,84,,4,4>I like these kinds of places. Unpretentious. Hidden. Divey yet bold. The atmosphere in my opinion is great. Chill music, old style wooden bar, ships and seafood reminders everywhere. Beer selection is above par for all of W. 6th in my opinion. This is a good thing. We've been needing this on that street. Too many clubs. Uck. I thought the food was fairly good. I know its under new management and I hear that there will be many changes as the place settles. I do hope Hushpuppies make it back on the menu as the waitress said they were taken away because they didn't taste good. She assured me they would be added once the chefs find a good one to serve us. At least they're concerned about the quality of my food and not just serving it because they are getting requests. Would definitely rather you serve me the best or nothing at all. I ordered the Fish Tacos which were okay. I also tried the Surf and Turf burger which was freakin' delish. Surprisingly for a seafood restaurant the burgers are large, tasty and in charge. I also had some Oysters which were okay. They were stacked on top of each other and therefor had mud in the lower ones. Not a smart move by the cooks. IF you're going to serve oysters serve them correctly. Again -- I know its settling and will hope it gets better. Otherwise I'll be adding my two cents to the suggestion box. They were good. Not necessarily great but definitely good. A very cool place to drink with friends, eat some dinner, party a bit. I had a good time and will definitely be going back to keep trying more on the menu and enjoying the wonderful atmosphere. Cheers!
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,8/18/2011,52,95,2,9,3>If you're in the market for new kitchen supplies, you have to come here.  They have everything that you need about hundreds of others that you might want.  The prices and quality are unbeatable.  It's a restaurant supply store, so you know that they know what they're doing.There is a great selection of cheap plates and glassware as well if you're looking for any kinds of specialty items.  Bourbon glasses, hooray!The staff is always very helpful should you need anything.Why would you go to Target to buy poorly made Paula Deen cookware, when you could come to Dean Supply and get what the real chefs use?
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,8/17/2011,32,32,2,4,3>They are known for their burgers and their beer selection, and for good reason.  Except for some of the other sandwiches, everything else on the menu pales in comparison.  I especially like the option of being able to sub out the burger for a grilled chicken breast.  I never cared for chicken breast sandwiches until I had one at the Beer Engine.  Whatever they do on that grill is working.You can order a plain burger, I assume, but why would you? When there are choices like these, you'll never be happy dining at Wendy's again: The West Side (caramelized onions, sour cream, cheddar cheese and a cheddar pierogi); The Fatty Melt (a half-pound burger between two bacon and tomato grilled cheese sandwiches); The Tuscan, one of my favorites (Applewood smoked bacon, rosemary goat cheese, roasted red peppers and caramelized balsamic onions); or The Porky...mmmm (burger comes topped with mustard-BBQ pulled pork and pepper jack).  And that's just getting started.  Monthly specials include a "Burger of the Month" (a unique creation every time) and a "Wildly Improbably Sandwich of the Month."  I've had The Caddyshack before and was full for the whole rest of the day.The burgers come with chips, but you can sub out fries for a small additional cost.  However, I'd say stick with the chips.  They make their own, and they're pretty good at it.It deserves a big shout out, but I won't go on about the beer...mostly because I always order a Franziskaner.  It comes in a really tall glass, and frankly, it's just a pretty beverage.  One of my favorite wheat beers.  I feel like it goes with anything I order there, too.The only downfall about the Beer Engine is that some of the time the service is a little slow -- not when they have things to bring you, but in between.  Waiting to get the check takes the longest.  Whether that's because they're always busy, I don't know.  Take-out only takes 15 minutes, though, and it's just as good as eating the food there.  Not as noisy, either.If you have out-of-towners in town, I'd definitely recommend bringing them to the Beer Engine.  There's no way anyone should miss it.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,8/16/2011,82,187,7,7,5>Lemonberry offers self-serve fro-yo.Toppings vary from fresh fruit to cereal to graham crackers and candy bars.  Add what you want and however much of it.  Be sure to sneeze in the sneeze-guard.  Weigh and pay at the end.  There's 6 different flavors of fro-yo which I believe change weekly or at least bi-monthly.  Friendly service offering taste tests of whichever one you desire.  New business seems to be doing well, hopefully they can survive over the winter.  Maybe they should offer a Vitamin D boost in their yogurts.  Also, Josh Cribbs tweeted that he loves it, so it's gotta be good.  Any chance to run into that fine man, I'll take.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,8/15/2011,57,156,,17,6>A friend sent me a link to an article announcing the opening of Barroco, and I started chomping at the bit to get in and try it.  Located in a tiny white store front toward the east end of Madison, the small dining area is adorned with colorful art that is a perfect companion to the bold flavors of the food. The menu consists primarily of sandwiches with a Colombian take, as well as a couple of other dishes based on Arepas (ground white corn meal patties).  I'm a sucker for a cuban sandwich, so once I saw that on the menu there was no question as to what I would be ordering, but I couldn't stop there and ordered the Cheesy Corn too. The Cuban was a stellar example of the species, perfectly grilled and melty.  I also opted to go with the pineapple sauce rather than the garlic mayo which really went well with the pork.The Cheesy Corn is a piping hot bowl of Chicken, Bacon, White Corn, and a hot white cheese sauce.  It was also delicious, though it's super rich, and after the sandwich I could only manage to conquer about half of it. Both were accompanied with Arepa fries which were pleasantly crisp on the outside and soft inside.  These were a really nice change from the usual french fries and made a great dipping tool for the variety of house sauces -Ranchero. Pesto, Hot, Garlic Mayo, and Pineapple (my favorite) as well as the Cheesy Corn.  The staff was super friendly, and very forthcoming with information about the food, which was helpful for making the difficult choice of which delicious looking dishes to try.Barroco Grill is a great addition to Lakewood, inexpensive, delicious, and most importantly bringing some new flavors that had been lacking in the diverse culinary offerings on this side of town.  I cannot urge you strongly enough to visit and fill up on the goodness.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,8/14/2011,62,160,4,5,4>A solid 4 stars for Lago!  Some of the best Italian food I've experienced in the city of Cleveland.  A big group of us were here for an UYE family dinner arranged by Rachel B. (Thanks again!) and I had a really great time.We arrived a little before 7 and the place was already hopping, the dining room was close to full and the bar was completely packed, so we were ushered into the Carriage Room in the back...we get our own private room?  We can be as loud as we want without the fear of disturbing other patrons of this lovely restaurant?  Score!  This was a really good move by the restaurant since we tend to be a more.....errrr, "outgoing" group, shall we say  ;o)Our own private server was assigned to take care of our group and he did a wonderful job (good luck in medical school this fall!), especially dealing with the difficulty of the staggered entrance of our group.  Drinks started flowing minutes after we sat down and appetizers were flying out of the kitchen very soon thereafter.I was able to try out a few different things by virtue of sitting next to a couple of gentlemen who enjoy sharing their food!Mussels and clams to start were ok, a little on the smaller side and the broth wasn't anything outstanding.The Poached Pear Salad was very good, something that I would definitely like to try and recreate at home.  Simple ingredients, but they played off of each other very nicely.  A light and refreshing interlude to my main course.Gnocchi - oh yeah, what Stefanie C. said.....absolutely phenomenal.  And no, this isn't your typical store-bought gnocchi, guaranteed they were making this from scratch in the kitchen because each piece was a little bit of a different size and there were no machinery marks indicative of mass production on them at all.  Some of the best gnocchi I have ever had and I will come back for more.  The lobster and sweet corn with truffle, basil and roasted tomatoes worked perfectly for the dish, everything came together in sweet harmony.The Grilled Lamb Chops were also something to write home about, especially that Pumpkin Gratin, WHERE did that come from??  Probably one of my favorite components of that plate!  And yes, finally a place that knows how to serve lamb chops....we were at Johnny's downtown for Restaurant week and that little rack of lamb served there paled in comparison to this beautiful composition.Even though I loved my dishes, I was slightly jealous of Rachel B.'s veal tortelloni....I must try  ;o)Goat Cheese Crème Brûlée.....I wasn't going to order this originally, I had my heart set on the Pear tartlette, but boy am I glad my dining partner put up a fuss!  ;o)  Absolutely incredible, so light and airy, it literally was a little piece of heaven in my mouth.....I really didn't want to share it at all, but I conceded a little bite of it in exchange for a bite of Tiramisu.  The Tiramisu was good, but not good enough to tear my greedy palate away from my goat cheese dessert!Coffee, tea and wine (complements of Paulius N., thank you again!) capped off the end of another wonderful Yelp get together with some of my favorite people in this city.  Thank you Lago for going that extra mile and making it a very memorable night!
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2010,8/13/2011,19,46,,3,3>Can I fangirl for a sec?Love Tadka! Love! I haven't had Indian food this good since I moved home from London. I am sure there are other good Indian restaurants in the Cleveland area; I just haven't found them yet. Both Tadka and the Chinese restaurant next door have a sleek modern vibe to their decor (as sleek and modern as you can in a strip mall); probably hoping to cater to new audiences. However, when we walked in - on a Friday night - the place was empty save two small tables. The host cast my mom and I a sideways glance and asked "Are you here for Indian or Chinese? Cos Chinese is next door." We assured him we were there for the curry and were shown to our very long, very low booth. Our waiter ending being the manager, possibly the owner, so I went with my gut and had him select our courses. He asked our likes and dislikes and went about with suggestions. We started with an "amuse bouche" for lack of a better term of chana masala. It was tasty and pleasant way to start the meal. We moved on to our appetizers: samosas and tandoori lamb. The samosas were perfect - crisp, flaky exterior; soft, pillowy interior - and huge! It was the tandoori lamb that stole the show for the entire evening. Four tender chops heartily seasoned with tandoori spice. I think they were too spicy for dear mom - I do believe her spice tolerance has decreased with age (I hope she's not reading this...). They were amazing - perfectly cooked with just the right amount of gamey-ness in the lamb. And yes, you do need a little bit of gamey with lamb otherwise you might as well order beef (but I guess you wouldn't in an Indian restaurant, but anyway...).After our starters we split a basket of regular and garlic nan (don't kiss anyone for at least 24 hours after), plain basmati and tikka masala. I know, tika masala is about as authentic as I am, but it's still tasty and a good intro for mom. Everything was amazing and there was plenty to take home for lunch the next day for both of us. Can you believe it all came to under $40? The manager/owner also surprised us with a complimentary dessert. Now who doesn't love that?
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2011,8/12/2011,215,581,10,13,10>I have found my favorite Chinese place! Finally!We wouldn't have known about this restaurant, but we were with some friends in Rocky River who ordered from here. I decided to switch it up a bit and order STEAMED chicken and broccoli instead of regular, with the brown sauce on the side. Daring, I know. Well, for a dish that is essentially tasteless, they did a great job. The brown sauce it came with was the best brown sauce ever. It wasn't just like a brown gelatin glob, it was actually smooth and tasted slightly sweet. I liked this sauce better than the normal chicken & broccoli sauce. They did throw some carrots into the dish, which I wasn't too excited about (especially since they looked like crinkly-cut fries - for some reason, I hate it when carrots are cut like that). But a home run nonetheless.And of course, the wonton soup. Thick, chewy dough, slightly salty broth without making you feel like your hands and feet are going to swell. It came with some noodles that I didn't try. But nice touch. I always appreciate the noodles. My only complaint, but this is minor, is that they didn't include any roast pork in the broth. But maybe I just got a dud serving.And the fortune cookie: "Don't listen to snide remarks." Why are fortunes never fortunes anymore? They're more like watching contestants from The Biggest Loser wax poetic: "It's not what you have done already, it's what you CAN do;" "A nice person and a good person are not the same thing;" "Begin your journey today, even if your vacation starts tomorrow."Anyway, five stars to China House!
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2010,8/11/2011,25,85,3,7,5>Moxie gets 5 tonight.  Another business dinner, this one better than the one before.  Our server dropped a bottle of Pellegrino that hit the side of the table on its way to the floor.  He tried to catch it with his foot to avoid shattered glass, and sent it spinning instead, spraying several of our feet.  But, his quick-witted and self-deprecating reaction was perfect (shit happens), and our service was truly the best I've had in years, anywhere.Added a small plate to the list of those I've tried and enjoyed here, the mushrooms, which are a tempura preparation, and had the braised veal shoulder which was out. of. sight.  I mean it was perfect.  A nice crust on the outside, and just melty slow-cooked goodness inside.  Outrageous flavor.  The brussels sprouts were even better than Lolita's because they tasted like brussels sprouts.  Didn't think this was possible.The bread and butter continues to be better than bread and butter should be.This is not the finest dining in Cleveland.  But for a $23 entree, the food and service quality far exceed expectations.  Oh also, the guy who was entertaining us had so much faith in our server that he said, "we want a bottle of red wine.  You know what we like to eat, so bring us something good to drink."  Didn't give him a budget or any guidance.  If I was the server, this would've scared the hell out of me.  He brought out a bottle of Orin Swift's 2008 The Prisoner.  My boss's favorite, and one of my favorites, too.  We were all happy.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,8/10/2011,29,41,5,6,6>Gosh, I didn't know how I was going to write about Acapulco. While the food was excellent, the after affect was not. NO, NO, NO!!!! nothing bad about the food. I threw caution into the wind the night I was there and had an item there I was not suppose to. Well, the simple truth is, I ate too much. So much I hurt when I ate more and hurt when I got up to leave. I had the Steak Mexicano (which is North Olmsted for Bistec a la mexicano) for my entree and the chorizo fundido I ordered to share with my group. Both were very good. Portion size was good for the steak dish but I thought the fundido was a little on the small portion side (yes, it's an appetizer but I have seen bigger portions elsewhere).Overall, you find the tex-mex cuisine to be delicious. Service though was a little slow. Our waitress took a least 15 mins btw getting us drinks and getting our orders. And for the size of the crowd in the restaurant the night I was there, it shouldn't have taken as long as it did for our food to be ready. But all was forgiven when food hit taste-buds.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,8/9/2011,43,95,,6,5>Best CSA.  There is such a variety of different products from local farms.  Plus they give you a weekly newsletter with recipe ideas.  You can also buy items directly from them.  They are very laid back and all around nice people.  Multiple pick up spots and are very accommodating if you need to change pick up locations. Some of the highlights for my CSA thus far:chickenThe best chorizo I've ever hadchicken sausage. Yummograss feed beef fresh pasta (to die for)brown eggsmilkcandied onionspelt berry (who knew what that was)yummy cherriesblack raspberriesbrie cheeseplus all  your typical produce products, lettuses, onions, garlic, zuccini ect..This week I'm looking forward to some peaches.  Can't wait to see what the rest of the summer brings!
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,8/8/2011,98,206,4,7,5>Old Brooklyn, what ?! As the token Old Brooklyn yelper, I forgot to promote here on yelp what's becoming the quintessential introduction to the Old Brooklyn neighborhood: Pedal For Prizes. Pedal For Prizes is an annual free event open for participants to bike to 22 places throughout Old Brooklyn including famous-on-yelp businesses Jack Frost Donuts and the Sausage Shoppe and lesser known entities like the community garden at Benji and the nice houses on South Hills.  Beginning at Loew Park, you're given a map of the locations and a card to be stamped at each of the locations. You or a group of your friends can visit as many or few as you want, in any order, as you explore Old Brooklyn. 3 hours later, return to Loew Park and exchange your stamp card for Chinese raffle tickets to be used on some cool prizes (gift certificates to Old Brooklyn businesses, bike stores, and other random items like Ambiance gift cards - haha). In 2010, PFP's first year, I won a bike helmet. This year's turn-out of nearly 400 [of all ages, it's kid-friendly] was impressive, only 60 did last year. With the overwhelming turn-out, the event ran relatively smoothly although the staff had to push back the raffle a half hour to accommodate all of the returning riders. I had a warm, fuzzy feeling in me all day by seeing so many people in Old Brooklyn and seeing what it has to offer. In only its 2nd year, Pedal For Prizes is becoming the signature event of Old Brooklyn.
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,8/7/2011,65,34,,4,3>I am not vegan, nor do I think I ever could be, but I am certainly a vegan ally. I love eating vegan foods, especially when my token vegan friend prepares them. She has a way with food. Most vegans I had ever encountered simply weren't good cooks, and thus couldn't convince any of us to join them. My friend Jo, however, manages to create flavorful, adventurous, exciting cuisine. I've stolen a number of recipes and recommendations from her.So, when she wanted to check out the Flaming Ice Cube, I happily tagged along. We walked from Cleveland State, and it was a nice walk in the spring weather (this was an actual spring day, not Cleveland's early Spring which is more like Winter II).The food was excellent! I ordered a pulled pork sandwich (of course I did). I was simply too intrigued by the concept of faked pulled pork to stray. It was delicious, with a sauce that tended towards the tomato-ey side of the barbecue spectrum.The barbecue spectrum is thus: vinegar-mustard-dry rub-smoky-tomato-ey. I acknowledge the Carolina barbecue because my best friend is from there and would easily come to blows with me over the concept of true barbecue. She is a smoky/tomato bbq denier. It can't be helped. Me, I am the United Nations of pulled pork appreciation. I love pulled pork in all its colors and flavors, and thus I welcome a vinegary version anytime as long as its mopped over some slow-cooked, tender pork.I digress. This was a great experience, the bill was reasonable, and I would happily go again if I was in the neighborhood. Even if you're afraid of vegan food, you may find something you love without even realizing that no animal products were used! And, at a place like this, you won't miss them!
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2011,8/6/2011,40,92,5,1,3>Visiting the Market Garden Brewery for the first time left me feeling like I just bought a new car with all these features I didn't know I needed, but now I can't do without em. Cleveland needed a real beer garden like we all need a sun roof. Cleveland needed a brewery that makes beers for hot summer afternoons like we all need air conditioned leather seats. Cleveland needed more classy restaurants like we all need that Porche. While I don't actually own a car, nor do I particularly want one, I already want to go back to Market Brewery. I suspect and hope that this is more than a restaurant; this is the beginning of a new Cleveland Institution. Can we call West 25th and Carnegie/Lorain the Brewery District yet?
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,8/5/2011,298,127,2,10,5>Big Win.This last Sunday, I participated in the 88 dollar three hour introductory glass blowing class and I was "blown" away hardy harr harr.The studio was very nice and the staff was excellent. I didn't expect the noms to be nearly as delicious as they were which was also an excellent surprise. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly without being pushy.I made a glass flower that more closely resembled a creature from Aliens 3 then Georgia O'Keeffe, but I enjoyed the process and this is really what matters.This studio would make an excellent date spot as the activity is novel, hands-on, and beer and wine are offered for social lubrication.All and all, I support this event and the mission of this studio. It should be added to the list of Cleveland gems to be discovered.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2011,8/4/2011,153,207,1,10,7>Now that I've visited my top 3 favorite restaurants in Cleveland, each on multiple occasions, I think I have a better understanding of how I'd rank them. I could probably even make a good case on how Crop might be the best and my recent trip during Restaurant Week provided the assurance....  This was my third time visiting Crop, this time for the $30 three-course tasting. Another time I came with a large group for the $25 Sunday Supper. My first experience, back in 2009 was on a random night, ordering off the ever changing seasonal menu. Each experience offered something different in terms of company, but the ambiance and energetically creative food has remained consistently superb.By now, you've probably heard of Crop's upcoming move from the Warehouse District to Ohio City. While I can't blame them from wanting to move to a culinary hot spot such as West 25th, one of the things I'll miss most is the space. The large dining room is casually elegant and whimsical. Several giant bell shaped chandeliers illuminate the room. The center stage though is the open kitchen, framed out in dark wood trim and decorated with copper cooking vessels that hang above the work space. This setting provides a dramatic stage to the magic that follows. On this night, I began with Crop's famous Cherry Bomb. A colorful starter involving a wonton-wrapped Roma tomato that's stuffed with pepper jack cheese and chorizo. If by describing it as a "flavor explosion in your mouth," I mean it in the most flattering way possible. It was divine. Next, I had the Seared Scallop Phaux with Soba noodles, bok choy, peppers, carrots and coconut miso. Imaginative, interesting and flavorful.  For dessert, the playfully named Cropper Nutter which was a crème fraiche cake with peanut butter mousse and a homemade toasted marshmallow. If there was one dessert to be used as a measuring stick, one in which to compare all others to, this was it. Wow! I'm not normally blown away by desserts. At most places, it's typically an afterthought, but this one was truly awe inspiring.  Two visits since my introduction to it a year and a half ago, Crop is still all that and deserves every bit of praise it's received. I can't wait to see what they do with their new home in Ohio City this spring.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2011,8/3/2011,57,100,2,2,2>It's a fun little place and it's not what you're expecting but if you like good food, you'll like it. It's not your typical "mexican" restaurant because the food is more unique and fresh. When I first went in, I was confused because you order at a register. Then I was confused because they only have canned/bottled drinks. That was sort of bizarre but I got over it fast once we took a seat because the atmosphere is fun and the food was really good.  We will definitely go back.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,8/2/2011,25,50,2,2,3>Goat cheese and cherry ice cream? Cherry lambic sorbet? Unless you can't tell...this is no infatuation. It's love.To those angsty few who are hot with indignation over Jeni's quick success and ostensible take over of Chagrin Falls, please don't take out your anger on this truly splendid ice cream. It is delicious -- and this is why people are drawn to it. This is why people are entranced by it and why they desire it.The Popcorn Shop is a longtime staple, sure. But all good things must come to an end. It has had it's fair share of the ice cream spotlight.Grade: A+, with extra credit available if it wants it
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2011,8/1/2011,34,62,4,6,5>Sokolowski's University Inn epitomizes the reason so many Mid-westerners are fat.  I'm not sure this place could exist in my home-state of California, but I'm sure glad it's here in Cleveland.According to the sign outside, Sokolowski's was established in 1923, but I didn't find it until 2008.  We went here with a group of about 15 grad students from Case Western, and all of us were newbies to this purveyor of Polish fare.  As we entered, we were a little surprised to find that they serve food cafeteria-style.  This was a little disappointing at first, because we had come here in the hopes of having a semi-fancy meal, before heading off to a gala.  However, the Slavic victuals soon put any disappointment out of my head.The menu is hand written daily and photo copied on a few dozen pieces of paper that are strewn throughout the restaurant for you to peruse as you move toward the serving area, where you'll get your oversized cafeteria tray and utensils.  Over the course of nearly a dozen dinner-time visits, I have found that you often have to endure a queue that snakes through one of the dining rooms, through the bar and finally to the serving area, with its stainless steel steam trays and chilled desserts.The entree offerings change fairly regularly, but there are a few staples it seems, including Polish staples like kielbasa and stuffed cabbage - As one who eschews meat of the porcine variety, I haven't tried a the sausages, but the stuffed cabbage is rather tasty with a tangy tomato sauce, very similar to the one made by my own Jewish grandmother. I have tried a hand full of different dishes there, including Wienerschnitzel, Chicken Paprikash, Prime Rib, Rib Eye Steak, Fried Perch, and a few others.  I always found them quite tasty, but the atmosphere adds to the experience to make the food even more pleasurable than it would be on its own, say if you were to eat the same thing at home.  The walls are a collection of Cleveland and Sokolowski family memorabilia, and the two often overlap.  There are old newspaper clippings and photos, signs and posters, and other assorted stuff that you wouldn't ever think to put on the walls of your own eatery, but here they seem perfectly in order.My absolute favorite item there, by far, however, is one of their staple side dishes ... the pierogi.  You will see this repeated by many of my peers throughout the many reviews of Sokolowski's, and deservedly so.  They let you choose two sides with your entree, and more often than not, I get pierogi for both. Every great eatery - from those with Michelin stars to those that serve from a street cart - has to have something that sets them apart, and for Sokolowski's it's the pierogi. They are delicious, tender potato filled pasta that are smothered in sauteed onions and butter.  They are no friend to your arteries, but with each bite they give your tongue a little hug that makes it nearly impossible not to smile like a besotted middle-schooler as you eat them.They have other side dishes too, including noodles with cabbage, mashed potatoes, vegetables and others I barely notice.  There's also a salad bar that is included with your meal.  It has rudimentary salad fixings, including a large bowl of chopped lettuce, cherry tomatoes, cucumber slices, etc.  But what I like best about the it is the selection of Eastern European "salads," including thick potato salad, macaroni salad, cucumbers with dill and sour cream, and the pickled beets.  You could make a meal of these and a side of pierogi, and still your arteries would howl with indignance ... I'd still ignore their screams, because it's just that tasty.Why only four stars when I like this place so much?  There are a few aspects that detract from the experience: the queuing up & waiting is not the most entertaining way to spend your pre-meal time. Another biggie is their hours of operation.  They aren't open for dinner on weekdays, and on weekends, they close at 9p, which means a dinnertime craving of pierogi on a Wednesday evening must go unmet.Nevertheless, this place wouldn't have been around for almost 90 years if there wasn't something special about it.  Go, eat and enjoy!
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,7/31/2011,31,161,8,8,8>I'm kind of like Ben Stiller in Along Came Polly when it comes to eating mixed nuts at the bar. Yes, I am that freak who thinks I'm gonna get the Ebola virus from a bowl of mixed nuts.  I couldn't bring myself to sample the fresh made chips and dipping sauce sitting during happy hour.  I wasn't sure how long it had sat out before I made it there.  Especially since it took me a while to catch the eye of the bartender to order a drink.  Things must wait a long time at the wooden water trough. He was really busy.  So I just sloughed it off and got lost in the drink menu.  I was torn between 3 drinks.  I knew I had to at least try two, and after one I was second guessing my rationale.  But I went for it, yelpers!  He recommended the Moscow Mule.  Vodka, ginger beer, and lime, helloooo Dolly!!  It was refreshing and just what I needed to turn it loose.  Once I slammed that down, I immediately set the dry glass at the front face of the bar so he could see it.  Seconds later he was asking what else I wanted to try.  "The Rhubarb cocktail", I said sloppily.  It was made with local rhubarb syrup and some champagne.  UM-yum.  After that drink you could have called me Barb and I wouldn't have cared.By this time our party had arrived.  I was a little tipsy, thanks to my new friend at the bar.  But feeling goooooooood.  And I'm feeling it this morning....We were there for Yelp Eats.  20% off selected menus.  I ordered the Pork Loin.  She asked me how I wanted it cooked.  I'm used to wait staff asking me this question for beef.  But for pork?!  Pork and chicken always make me nervous when undercooked.  Pink pork, ew!!!  She recommended medium, and I graciously obliged.  And I'm still alive today! Must be all that lead paint I chewed on as a kid.  In the mean time we nibbled on the tempura green beans.  They were good, I'm just not sure if I would order them again?  It came with 2 dipping sauces, Ponzu or a pineapple sauce.  I favored the latter.  I just wanted something more from them.  Like when you're dating a guy for 3 years and it's not headed to the altar anytime soon.  That kind of feeling.  When this pork came out I almost fell off my chair.  The prices were steep, and I expected the plates to come out with a bite of food on them.  This pork was bigger than my hand (that's what she said).  When I read the description I wasn't sure what to expect: Molasses Glazed Ohio Pork Loin, Sweet Potato, Pickled Radish, Watercress, Jalapeno & Cilantro.  If we could ever eat a really great song, like Pink Floyd -Hey You, it would be this dish.The sweet potato puree had a nuttiness to it.  Maybe cinnamon or nutmeg?  It was deliciously paired with the pickled radishes/watercress & friends.  Mixed with the saltiness of the pork, and there on that day, I witnessed the union of something great.Our waitress offered us a dessert menu.  But we drank our calories instead.  I should have accepted because after I left I was eyeing the ice cream places on Detroit.  I love you Flying Fig.  You filled the hole where pork belongs.  However, I didn't see any figs flying.  I think it's a farse.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,7/30/2011,88,79,9,14,12>I'm just smiling today, because I KNEW it. Leaving NYC was probably the most difficult decision I've ever made (and I'm including my divorce in here)...but I wanted to return to school...and I just *knew* something good was percolating in Cleveland. The drive toward a more localized economy, the sustainable living movement, the beautiful blue lake...just everything coming together in this town for probably the first time since the 1800's.You know what is a good indicator? Retail business. When people say "Wow...there's a buttload of people walking around here...at pretty much all hours...this would be a great place for a store!"And now we have the Dredgers Union, opened right smack dab in the middle of East 4th Street. "But...but...THAT's not a strip mall....". Yeah, we know. Go back to Fairview Park."But...but...I can't drive my Hummer to the front door...?". Um. Yeah. It's called walking. Just go enjoy your moving skywalk into the casino and leave us alone.While searching for lunch today I stumbled across the open doors. I had thought it wasn't opening til the "grand opening", so it was a nice surprise. But yes, this is a clothing store, with a small bit of home/decor goods. Guys and girls can find stuff here. I looked at a few shirts, couple pants...nothing really too pricey either! I was looking at a shirt I expected to be $100...it's $78. Hell...them's Banana Republic prices nowadays. Pants were also around $78. There's a messenger bag I'll probably be back to buy, as it was kick-ass. The labelling system was pretty cool, as much of their stuff is made in this area. If it is, it'll say "Made in the 216". Their stuff from overseas and such will not. I read labels, so this is a nice touch. The staff was really, really nice. And not syrupy, just actually nice. She picked her people well, it seems.And the store itself? IT LOOKS HOT AS SHIT. Awesome. Very well designed, spacious, yet packed with stuff. Easy to walk in. There's a whole basement area where they're going to do the official"Made in the 216" events from now on (formerly in Gordon Square). Which I think is a good idea. Get your asses downtown, people.The official opening party is July 8th. But it's open now unoffically. On the webblog (the actual website wasn't really active yet) she made a neat point of referral to the Summer Solstice Party. Connectivity with the community, anyone?Absolutely. I'll take a large order of connectivity, for here.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2010,7/29/2011,263,228,12,12,12>Would you like B.M.? awesome bar-b-que behind bulletproof glass waits. Having passed this joint up in the past, this joint got my curiosity up enough to stop in and fulfill my munchie desires. Big ghetto grills were smoking away in the parking lot. Always a good sign. Not a trace of litter in the parking lot - another good sign. The walk from the car to the takeout window (no eating in) was a walk through an oh-so-heady wood and meat scented fog. Heavenly. It could be made into a men's cologne. You look straight into the kitchen which appears to be big and super clean. No Ramsey Kitchen Nightmares here folks. Simple menu. RIBS: long, short, half slabs, by-the-bone... RIB TIPS: 4-8-12 oz size, spicy/sweet Yankee style BBQ sauce. SHOULDER: Pork shoulder superbly smoked and pulled with a vinegary southern style BBQ sauce. Sandwich or dinner option. WINGS: with or without sauce. I am not sure if they have regular fried chicken, but I hope so, as these wings were full size, battered and fried to perfection. There were a few sides, and a peach cobbler as well. The pork shoulder dinner $8.75, was out of this world good. Super moist, deep smokey flavor. The fried chicken was superb. By far the best I have had in Cleveland. Rib tips were a tad tough at times, but I'd do it again in a heart beat. Or heart attack. Real homemade coleslaw was a bonus! All in all, clean, cool, and the real deal. -Don't be in a hurry, service is slow, but I'll be back B&M!Carry on.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2010,7/28/2011,95,116,8,7,8>Cafe Europa is a first sit-down walk-in casual restaurant in Cleveland - finally! Before if you (not reading in Cyrillic hungry individual) wanted to get a taste of classical Russian cuisine , you had to find an event to celebrate (birthday, wedding, etc) group of 5 or more adventerous eaters, an impressive outfit ( sequins, gold shains, Armani suit) and loads of cash...Now all you have to do is to have a healthy liver ready for abuse and prepredness to drink vodka..so yeh, liver and cholesterol matter.When we walked in Europa, I felt as if I stepped in the tavern in 1915 in good old Russia...there was a dim lit room, moderately obese violinist playing some romantic retro tunes and very diverse audience - American couples mixed up with Russian speaking population. The service was very pleasant, no accents, perfect English, crisp white shirts, no misunderstanding. All dishes were very affordable, appetizers were heavenly ( as long as you are just like my boyfriend - disgusting egg-fishers' eating monsters), herring was melting in my mouth...Few disappointments : when violinists stepped into the restroom his violin kept playing music even after put on a chair (oh well, I guess he doesnt share the pride and dedication of violinists from Cleveland Orchestra), and my Beef Stroganoff was overcooked...However my boyfriend got the lamb shanks so delicious that I attacked his dish like a shark.The highlight of the night was (but of course) our trip to the Vodka Room...Technically just a square freezer where the bartender gives you an iced shot of vodka...but...you are wearing a heavy fur coat ( I kept wondering wheather it was wolf or fox) and a hat...picture worth million words...Especially when a senior citizen from the next table kept taking pictures of us on his camera...shamelessly and openly laughing ( you are welcome dedushka). When we came back, we warmed up with a coffee in an iron mug and deliciously flaky Napoleon.Now....was it what we do in Russia? Do we drink vodka in a refrigerator wearing furcoats while listening to the violin? Maybe not so often.But it definetly was fun!I am coming back!
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,7/27/2011,28,60,7,3,5>On a typical Friday night, a few friends and I head down to see some of their live entertainment. Specifically the wonderful male nurse-turned-irish-entertainer Donal O'Shaughnessy. We sit and immediately order drinks. For me, it's my go-to Irish drink. Keep your Guinness, make mine a Smithwick's. From there, it's time to eat, and I've got to tell you, I've never had a bad sandwich here. The Pittsburgh Primanti is a tip of the cap to Primanti Bros., of Pittsburgh, except better. The Whiskey Island Burger is heaven, topped with barbecue and bacon. The Potato Skins would have ol' Paddy devouring a plate or two in no time.My face starts to feel warm, so, I order another Smithwick's. My head gets warm, so, I order another Smithwick's. The corners of my mouth turn upward, and my cheeks start to hurt, so, I order another Smithwicks. Only this time, I start to get a little light headed. So, I add a little whiskey to help weigh me down. And then, there's singing and I feel my voice start to get sore from shouting. So, I order another Smithwick's.And then, I order another Smithwick's, so, I order another Smithwick's, and then I order two more.And then to celebrate the delivery of my Smithwick's, I order a water, an aspirin and a cab.And then I wake up in bed with a fog settling over my brain, a dull ache in my face and stomach and my cheeks sore. There's a feeling of euphoric bliss that's come over me that I'm not used to. There's a slight, dull ache in my forehead and cheeks, and I'm leafing through medical journals wondering why.Now, I've drank Smithwick's before, no problem. I've eaten fantastic Bacon Barbecue Cheeseburgers before, no sweat. I've glugged whiskey, no issue, sang songs while drunk, cursed like a sailor, danced like an idiot, each with no problem.My official diagnosis: I am allergic to the Flat Iron Cafe.But, don't worry about me, friends. Medical science has the tools and technology to help keep this allergy under control: I just switch to Guinness halfway through the night and I'm good to go!
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2010,7/26/2011,46,19,2,8,3>I love Loop. I look forward to Fridays every week, because in my house, Friday is Loop Day. It's not necessarily the only day we go, but it is the day if the week we always go.And what a way to start the day. Friendly staff (for the most part, and especially super-personable Mike), the fragrance of house-roasted beans popping in the front corner, and -- in my opinion -- a cup of the best coffee in Cleveland. (Sorry, Phoenix.)If it's hot out, the iced coffee is a must-try. Made with toddy, super strong but never bitter. I've also had several of the hot coffees, iced teas, and espresso/lattes, and everything has been excellent. The staff is knowledgeable about what they're selling, so if you have questions about what to choose, don't be afraid to ask. (I once requested hot tea, tasty with caffeine when sick and was treated with a very nice English breakfast tea.)Oh, and at least for a time, they have bacon Torani syrup. Try a bacon-almond latte, and you can thank me later. Loop also sells records and CDs, and overall the selection is impressive. You won't find every album you're looking for, but you you will find some off-the-beaten track, quality tunes. My favorite thing about the music collection is that some albums have mini reviews (by the staff) taped to them. I'm typically an MP3 girl, but I've bought several CDs from Loop just because they're there, and I like the place.Some of the used records are a bit scratched, so you have to look at them carefully, but you can get some great deals. For example, I picked up a mint-condition Men At Work record for $1.In addition to all of the above, Loop also displays and sells art, and sells high-quality coffee gadgets/mugs/etc. And they have a DJ on Friday nights.All in all, it's a great place, with a cool vibe. I highly recommend it.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,7/25/2011,150,222,5,8,7>Well this one is a year in the making. I am glad the other location was reviewed to jar my memory. Me and the wife were looking to get ourselves some cycles to tool around the area with. As a kid I remember going to Fredrick's if I am not mistaken for all of our bikes, but the first day I wanted a new bike of my own that I paid for with my hard earned money I knew I had to head over to Raleigh of River. I think this shop has changed a couple times since those some 20 years ago when it was RoR. However it has been Century for quite some time now. I looked around at other cycle shops in the area and I found some way too high end, and the big box stores just don't know what the hell they are talking about. The high end shops didn't really value my business as I was looking at the under $400 comfort bike range. The Big Box again just didn't know anything about their products. Enter Century. Century took the time to let us look over the bikes, made suggestions based on what our riding preference was going to be and showed us more than a couple of bikes in our price range. Not only did they show them to us but they brought them out back to the parking lot, adjusted the seat to a custom fit and let us tool around on them for a test drive. They watched both of us ride and had us come back over where they did even more adjustments and more riding. Now that is customer service right there my friends. Century didn't care that we were buying the mid to low end models they treated me like I was Lance Armstrong and not like some dancer at the Lido Lounge. We picked up all of our accessories there, bags, helmets, cages, and even a car mount which for the record is way too complicated for me to figure out anymore. They even hooked that up though showing me how to do it. It really isn't their fault I didn't catch on. It just has too many straps and belts and loops on it. My fear is it will fall off on the highway if I put it on again. So yeah I am still a little bitter about that, but there is no way in hell I would give this places less than a perfect rating based on the overall experience we had here.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,7/24/2011,30,204,11,16,13>During my life I have seen people quote the Bible to hurt, bring guilt or prove their own superiority over others. Thus, I do not source the Bible when I need inspiration or support. Today I find to review Sterle's, St. Paul best said it. Test all things and retain what is best. The Cleveland area has done just that with food. Michael and Jane Stern wrote in Saveur magazine that our area has managed to retain an Eastern European heritage and named northeast Ohio one of the best road food trips in America. Try to find a Slovenian restaurant in Los Angeles or a Croation dinner in New York City. One could find home made Hungarian dinners at any of four Hungarian churches had the Catholic bishop not been allowed to play with an axe. Rather than lament what Cleveland lacks celebrate what we have. Forget bubble tea, pop beer, cup cakes, and wimpy foods. Go to Sterle's and eat the food that steelworkers ate. Eat the food that women with seven children fed their families. The stuffed cabbage, the goulash and the paprikash fed those who built our bridges, made cars and tires for the world, worshiped at our many churches, and made sure you have a better life. I go here several times a year and my usual dinner is the combination plate. On my last visit I went with a couple where she is local and he is from Boston. She had not been to Sterle's before but just felt she was in Cleveland eating Cleveland food. He was enthralled. Long after we had finished eating we had to drag him away from the table and the polka band to go home.I once met a man who is from the glitter of LA and NYC. He says when his friends who doubt his sanity for moving here visit, he takes them to Sterle's. He told me they admit Cleveland has a unique identity. Sterle's and many other places in our area followed St. Paul by retaining Eastern European food. So should you.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2011,7/23/2011,104,314,2,11,5>I gotta hand it to the Cleveland Clinic for professionalism.  It's strange to be treated like you're at a 4-star hotel when visiting the Clinic, at least, that was my impression.  My father-in-law is in town from Puerto Rico.  He needed a procedure done pretty quick one day.  So I called the clinic's scheduling phone number and was able to get an appointment in an hour!  This isn't to say that everyone would get an appointment in an hour, so I guess we were lucky.  I was on the phone with an Alan, who told me where to go and what to do once we get there to ensure we get to the appointment on time.  He recommended valet parking at the Intercontinental Hotel, which we did.  That saved us at least 15 minutes.  Once we were in the clinic, we were able to find the doctor's office pretty quickly.  Since my father-in-law is considered an international patient, he had to register as an international patient, which took only 10 minutes.  Then, a worker from the international patients registration desk took us to talk to the finance guy, who basically took the credit card information.Finally, we were escorted to the office where the appointment was.  First, on floor 7, they took my father-in-law's vital signs and cleared him for the next step of the process.  We then went to the 8th floor where he was screened with questions.  Once we passed that test, we went to the 9th floor where the actual procedure was performed by the doctor.  Unfortunately, the doctor recommended surgery as a result of the procedure.So about a week and many follow-up visits later, my father-in-law had surgery and recovered at our home.  We were also assigned a very nice interpreter, not that we needed one.  Instead of interpreting, she was really there to comfort us and answer any questions we had during the process.  She would simply show up each time we had an appointment and she visited after the surgery too.This whole process left me in awe, not only of the physical monstrosity that is the Cleveland Clinic, but also of the superior level of service that they strive for to provide every moment of every day.I'm going here from now on for my appointments.Totally recommend!
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,7/22/2011,342,426,,9,9>Go, pho, go! Mmmmmmm...definitely a YUM. I had heard from others that a new pho restaurant had opened, so I grabbed some coworkers and off we went to Pho 99. What a convenient location. Hidden away in Asian Town Plaza- it sits right outside the Asia Food Co grocery store. Why, how convenient- you can grocery shop and grab dinner! Glorious.The broth at Pho 99 is quite good. It's lighter than the other pho places in CLE, and it's super flavorful...and just good. Nice and light- and super flavorful. They had three specials of the day, and I and one of my coworkers ordered the first two specials: the banh mi sandwich and hu tieu nam vang. The hu tieu nam vang was soooo good. It came with the clear rice noodles (a little thicker than the thin Chinese clear noodles), squid, shrimp, and bbq pork...and that broth. Man, that broth was good. Usually, I don't even finish the broth because most broths are filled with MSG and what not...but not at Pho 99! Yay!! Finally. The banh mi was also really good as well.  My other coworkers ordered the #1: pho with all the different types of meat. I tried the broth of theirs....and yes, once again, it was good. The sizes were a good size- not too big, not too small. So definitely a go for the pho! We did try the spring and summer rolls beforehand as well...I wasn't too big of a fan of the summer roll, but they liked it.And an added plus...they had an avocado drink!!! MMMMMM. I had first tried an avocado drink through my Indonesian friend....and loved it....and once I saw it on the menu for Pho 99, I just HAD to try it...and yes, once again it was good. mmmm.Definitely a go. Go, Pho 99, go!
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,7/21/2011,140,180,16,20,11>I have nothing to wear nothinglooksgodonmeahhhnothingfitsaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh­!!!!!  I sound like a god damned Cathy cartoon sometimes.  I hate Cathy cartoons.Kim Crow completely fixed that.  Now I am back to sounding like a Calvin and Hobbes comic, except with very cool clothes.  Kim knows her stuff and will spend the time to help you get the perfect fit and look for your figure.  The clothes are interesting-- not the same old stuff from the same old stores that  you see everyone else wearing.  What's more is that despite looking good and being completely flattering, the vast majority of the clothing is completely comfortable.And don't worry if you are over a size 6, which is considered an extra large by the boutique down the street. (Bite me.)  Kim stocks clothing for the curvy as well as the petite.
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2010,7/20/2011,178,155,6,16,9>What could be better than tubes of meat hanging from the ceiling?!I wandered into Krakow Foods after a nice lunch at the Little Polish Diner. I wanted some kielbasa to take home. They have a bunch of different kinds to choose from, garlic, regular, double smoked. Mmm. I opted for the regular and it was perfect. Great subtle smoke flavor and moist. I'm not down with dry kielbasa. I also got some pork smokies. They were great as well. Next time, I'll have to try the veal smokies :) They have a huge deli selection. Looks like they have every ethnic meat you could think of.Krakow also carries a ton of other eastern european groceries. I didn't really look at much, a lot wasn't in English. Everyone was speaking polish and the signs are in polish. I felt like I was in another world!Loved it!
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2010,7/19/2011,31,26,5,6,5>Ahhhh Melt. I really wish you sucked and had terrible food so I wouldn't have to wait to get in.  I'm always annoyed that restaurants with fantastic food have a waiting list. Just think of this.... if Lola and the Greenhouse and Crop had lousy food and service we could probably walk in and get a seat anytime of the day or night!  That would be so cool.I was stuck downtown for a few hours between work and a late meeting so I went to Melt hoping to score a seat at the bar.  I had to wait about 30 minutes, but I eventually grabbed a seat. The wait was made more tolerable by the Belle's two hearted ale I ordered. There is a lot that can be fixed with a great beer list and Melt has one of the best.  Which also sucks because if all they served was Schlitz and Pabst I could probably get a seat at the bar more easily.  One can only dream.I ordered the Monte Cristo. My God what a sandwich!. Cheesy meaty, toasted beautifulness.  Although I wish they didn't add cheese because you know how cheese gets a little greasy when it's melted. If they didn't use cheese then I wouldn't have to use my napkin so much. So it would be great if they didn't use cheese anymore.  Hopefully they will read this review and keep that in mind for the future.Aside from the food and the beer I just love the little touches. The menus are so cool and the decor is perfect for the hip eclectic place that it is.  I'm not sure if they do this already, but perhaps they could set up a system where you give them your cell number and they can call you when you reach the top of the waiting list.  It's in a pretty interesting neighborhood and this way you won't be all jammed in with everyone else crammed in against you. You can wander around or get coffee while you are waiting.Other than that I love everything about this place.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,7/18/2011,42,186,3,7,4>As far as sub sandwiches go, Dibella's is about as good as it gets! I saw that today was the opening day and decided to give it a shot due to restaurants seriously lacking in this area. The ordering process was a bit chaotic and disorganized but once I figured out what I was going to order, I was not at all disappointed. As a newbie mistake, I ordered a large cheese steak (which ended up being enough food to feed a small village). I am 5'11' and 240 lbs and half of this sub put me to the point of bursting. While $12 seemed a bit expensive for my meal, I quickly changed my opinion on the matter when I realized that it would feed me for at least 2 meals.Besides being massive, the sandwich was also amazingly delicious. It can't even be compared with the likes of Subway, Jimmy John's, or Quiznos. They are simply nothing alike and Dibella's is a million times superior to those places. The bread is what makes all the difference. It is soft and dense on the inside but slightly firm and crunchy on the outside.I was blown away by my first experience here and it certainly won't be my last.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,7/17/2011,723,577,,6,6>4.5 Stars.It's taken me 3 years to finally make it out to Lolita - despite many telling me that it was, in their opinion better than Lola.  The menu is more limited, more homey in texture and feel.  The wine list is smaller, and the price point lower than Lola's.  The copper beaded countertop that surfaces the bar is a neat effect, and the overall mood is that of a gastropub or a bistro rather than a formal, stuffy restaurant.Given that the meal was not mine to pay, I didn't get to sense, first hand, the cost of the meal ...That said, the pork belly was fearsome good.  Very rich, and very tasty - what more can I say?I had pork chop for my main, and we also had Tuna Crudo and chicken liver.Great meal, with good company - yep, sometimes, maybe often, I enjoy hanging with colleagues at gastro-centres.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,7/16/2011,9,21,2,6,5>decadence has its rewards!I love MFM. This place has one of the nicest staff's ever. I send clients here all the time, and they are always always happy! Bob and Herman do a fabulous job running the joint, and it really shows.Now onto the food.  Freshly made to order spinach/artichoke dip with or without lump crab meat. Get it. Comes out bubbly with fresh parm and red peppers on top. Yum. Crab cakes, always tremendous. They do them well, probably one of the best around. As a favor they let me buy a few trays of the mini crab cakes uncooked, so I could take them and bake them at my parents house for Thanksgiving. HA! You thought I made those???   Seriously though, the seafood is always really great and super fresh. When they have Sturgeon, try that too. Most recently, I had something truly that I have never had before. I have been called decadent for years, and I think I know why... chef made for me a crab stuffed lobster. OMG. I hope I can add the picture, because I actually had to take one.... it was an entire lobster, stuffed with an entire maryland crab. As they brought the platter to me,  other people were pointing and staring and they started to follow it... well no, but a lot of jaws dropped. there is shock and awe; shop and awe; now may I present FORK AND AWE!  Good lord, it was incredible. And incredibly good!! Go there and ask if they will make it for you. Be decadent. Take the picture!
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,7/15/2011,15,175,2,5,6>Okay, I can't keep coming here almost every week and not give this place 5-stars.  This place is affordable and the food is great.  It's a family run business.  I asked if they owned Aladdin's and they said they bought the place from the guy who owns Aladdin's.I wish they had a menu so I can tell you what's good on it.  But it's basically everything except well, the ground lamb kabobs are just okay.  The beef kabob are awesome.  The shawarma is great.  The platters come with plenty of food.  The best thing is the food is fresh.  You can't go wrong with fresh , made to order food.I bought a flat grill at home to try to replicate what they do ... no luck so far.  Go here.  You won't be disappointed. .
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,7/14/2011,69,192,2,4,6>Before I wax philosophic about how so much goodness is contained in one, simple bagel from Bialy's, I just want to say that I went to Bialy's on Saturday and picked up a half dozen bagels only to get home and find that I'd only been given FIVE!  Weak sauce, Bialy's.  Anyway, that's the only bad thing that's ever happened to me at Bialy's.  The bagels are amazing.  I wish they had a schedule to let people know exactly when they're hot because that's when they're best.  I seriously do not understand how a little circle of bread with a hole in the middle can be so good but I don't care.  I'd feast on these bagels for the rest of my life and never get tired of the flavors or taste.  The pretzel bagel alone wil keep me coming back over and over again.  Keep up the good work, Bialys.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,7/13/2011,11,16,8,13,8>It's summer in Cleveland! It only lasts 3 months! What is there to do? Hey, what about that giant lake just to the north of us? While the city of Cleveland may not be taking advantage of its lake-front properties, there's a little shack in the Rocky River Metroparks that's on top of it - 41 Degrees North.This is one of my favorite things to do in the area. Surprisingly, even native Clevelander's don't seem to be privy to these cheap thrills for $15 bills. (The first hour for a kayak rental is $15. Each half hour after that is an additional $5.) Kayakers of all levels can paddle comfortably down Rocky River - and those with bigger cojones can head to the open waters of Lake Erie for an "ocean kayaking" adventure without the sharks. The trip will make you forget that you're in Ohio - think open blue waters at eye level, rocky cliffs, the sounds of sailboat racing horns, and sunny breezes as you bob along the shoreline.The only downside is paddling past all the yuppies at Cleveland Yatch Club... in a tiny little kayak... that you don't even own. But just remind yourself that you're getting the same enjoyment out of the lake without a whopping boat payment or a popped collar. At least, that makes me feel better.How to get there: Enter the Rocky River Metroparks off of Detroit, right where Lakewood meets Rocky River. Go down the hill and make the first right into a parking lot. Head toward the river, spot the line-up of brightly colored kayaks, and you're golden. Leave room for some hot dogs and ice-cream from the Marina afterwards, and you've got yourself the perfect summer day on the North Coast.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,7/12/2011,28,94,,2,3>Fantastic upscale eatery in the Detroit Shoreway neighborhood.  Great place to grab dinner with friends or a date.  Excellent pizzas.  They have an amazing patio.  The service depends on who you get as your waiter - I've been there three or four times and had one very rude waiter (or perhaps he was just having a very bad evening?) and three nice, knowledgeable ones.  Highly recommended!  Worth visiting even for east siders.  Their desserts are good but I also recommend going to Sweet Moses across the street for their awesome Cleveland themed ice cream.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,7/11/2011,145,54,3,7,5>One of the husband and my most favorite restaurants in Cleveland, hands down.It's difficult to deviate from our favorite items at Bac because they are THAT good.  I typically start with a Lycheetini while my husband debates over which craft beer to order - we then realize there's no resisting the Bacon Guacamole (which is phenomenal). Eventually, my husband succumbs to his urge to order a Banh Mi sandwich (once again) and I'll order a soup of sorts - the Tom Yum and the Pho are beyond delicious (and filling)!Our favorite place to sit is at the bar where the service is friendly and laidback (yet attentive) - not to mention, the atmosphere is perfect for unwinding (think dim lighting, indie music, and Ikea-esque decor). The patio is also great for those warmer evenings - especially if you're catching a late dinner.Bac is a must - the first restaurant we think of when friends ask us for recommendations.  Once you dine here you'll undoubtedly be back again and again and. . .again ;)
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,7/10/2011,38,37,3,2,3>So my friend and I were in the area and were hungry.  The wait at Melt was, as usual, way too long, so we decided to go to Deagan's instead.  Now, I like food.  Hell, I didn't get in the shape I'm in by NOT liking food.  However, I have to admit, I found the menu quite intimidating.  I'm not a foodie by any stretch of the imagination.  To me, the simpler, the better.  I was happy to see they had Oberon on draft.  I'm a Michigander at heart, and whenever I see Bell's, I get all warm and fuzzy inside.  I decided to go with what appeared to be the most simple thing on the menu, which was the chicken and waffles.  Now, I know this AIN'T no soul food joint, but this stuff was sooooooo good!  Two huge chicken breasts, covered in powdered sugar, with a gigantic waffle, and berry syrup on the side.  I could have done without the full berries, as I'm not a berry person, but it was still quite delish.The ambiance was a little TOO trendy for me  But that's just me.  I hate pretentiousness, and I just found it to be a little too much for me.  However, all in all, food was good, service was good, beer was good, and it was a good time.  I'd definitely go back!
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,7/9/2011,47,129,,7,6>I'm sure the ladies in the kitchen were laughing about the amount of food that me and my tablemates ordered but I don't care! It was completely worth stuffing my face because everything was really really good. They don't really speak english there so be prepared to brush up on some polite high school spanish. And you know you're in a good place when you see the restaurant filled at 2pm on a Sunday. Order via checklist and ask for the english one if you can't read spanish. I did fairly well translating the spanish one but eventually moved to the english one to make sure I was translating ok. The staff was very sweet and kept smiling at me.So the main event is the pupusas. They have a few varieties and we got the pork/cheese filled ones. SO GOOD. The tamales are huge, we definitely over estimated their size and ordered too much. Also got a fried chicken platter with rice, beans, and spicy slaw that was deemed the best fried chicken my little brother has ever had. To top the entrees off, we also got an order of the weekend special pork soup that was similar to chinese oxtail soup--so if you're afraid of tendon and tripe, don't get it--but I thought it was really good. We also ordered fried plaintains for something sweet and they were perfectly fried and carmelized, not soggy or too oily. Everything was freshly made, and since it's an open kitchen, you can watch them make your meal. I plan on bringing all my friends here.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2011,7/8/2011,89,182,2,6,5>Alibaba and his 40 thieves can take me here any time.I arrived at the West Side Market after 6:00 pm and everything was closed. Stupid me!  So I walked down the street and saw the happy hour sign.  I was like 5$ for a wrap and a cheap beer would hit the spot. I just needed a biteThe place was very clean and modern looking.  I bellied up to the bar and got a Turkish beer and asked the barkeep what is good. I told him I like lamb.  Barkeep suggested the Doner Wrap.The beer was good.  The wrap was great.  The meet was fresh juicy and tender.  Crisp lettuce and chunks of  red fresh tomatoes and tahini .sauce.  Sine I like things mega-spicy I asked for some hot sauce.  It was not particularly  spicy.  So I looked the bartender in the eye, he eventually blinked and I advised him if he has anything with a bit more kick.  He looked me in the eye and said he would be back.  He mixed in some sauce from a bottle but I could not see the label.  3 spoons of it.  It was Dave's Insanity Sauce.  That sure as hell did the trickThe service was great.  I saw a lot of dishes flying out of the kitchen and they looked superb.  The deserts looked homemade.I gave it 4 stars on what I saw and what I ate.  I will be back!
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,7/6/2011,88,296,10,9,7>Good news....my wallet wasn't stolen last night!  In fact, I didn't even forget my wallet at the bar.  I guess that's what happens when you don't buy $20 of jello shots for the bar.  Hmm...I'll have to try not doing that again.Anyway, Tina's is...Tina's.  (btw, it's spelled Tina's Nite Club, guys).  It's a block of a building surrounded by chain linked fence, probably some barbed wire and a rather sketchy mobile home in the parking lot.  Behind the karaoke is a NASCAR poster from 2009 and I think they still have some New Years stuff still on the walls.  Lou is the karaoke guy most of the week.  You'll get on his good side if you sing old classic country songs, plus he is available for the occasional duet.  He tries to keep things even and let everyone play, plus he'll sing a song every once in a while. Billy Wayne is the weekend DJ.  He's fairly surly and once he told me that I...annoy him.  I can't believe it either.  He sticks to himself, his leather jacket and his cigarettes, and his wife is usually in the crowd and is much more jovial.  Anyway, overall the music selection is from 1997 at best.  Some of the disks don't play well, but hey...the beer is cheap and the jello shots cheaper.  Plus if you go on a weeknight (it starts at 9pm), you can belt out song after song after song.  Weekends, eh, it's jumped the shark.  There are too many young groups of drunken singers to get a song in edge-wise.  Oh, and try to avoid some of the angry looking local patrons.  I've known too many people who have barely avoided knife fights.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2011,7/5/2011,164,211,5,8,6>When I found out that my hair stylist was moving to a new salon, I couldn't be happier for her. I know how it is to work at a terrible salon so I was really excited to see her new place. First off Absolutely Posh was really easy to find, right in the plaza next to Fatheads (another great place I may add). There was plenty of parking, easy to get to, and just an overall good location. Walking into this salon, I felt as if I was going to someones home; it was just an overall comforting feeling. I liked that it was calm, quiet, and relaxing. A HUGE change from where they were before ;) From the color schemes to the detailed paintings, I could see all the hard work it took to make dreams come true here. The girls working all seemed to be truly happy and enjoying what they were doing. Which is exactly what I look for when I go into any business. Because if they're happy, they will make me happy. So if you are looking for a place on the Westside to get your hair did, check it out!
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,7/4/2011,364,514,3,5,5>I must maintain the "just looking" mentality when I got to super awesome vintage shops like This Way Out. If I don't, I won't know where to stop. Addicts of kitsch, jewelry, vinyl, rock history, fashion, irony, and unique items for the home feel the primal tug to buy, buy, buy. The only cure is to not break the seal. I've been here literally dozens of times, and much to the chagrin of the owner, I'm sure, I have never purchased anything. I just can't. That makes me sound horrible, doesn't it? I think that's why I'm not getting around to a review till now. But, I've made suggestions of purchases a plenty to friends I've been with.  A couple years back, a sister purchased a 1980's navy Coach bag that became her daytime purse. She's still using it and gets weekly compliments on it. It was reasonably priced around $25. Steal! I love this place, even if it's just to look and vicariously live through those I talk into making purchases. They never regret them.Tip: you may use your credit card to purchase tickets at the counter.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,7/3/2011,146,412,1,6,4>YES to XYZ!Met up with friends from out of town for a late dinner. I was coming from something else so I didn't each much. I shared the chicken & waffles with my friends (yumm -- gravy!), had the manhattan clam chowder (soup du jour) and the vegetable ratatouille. Everything that I tried was flavored well and delicious! I am craving all of them... right now. The drinks they have there are solid. My friends ordered a few rounds and they were impressed with the selection. The service was great too. They were gracious with us even when we were being a little clever with them at times. :) One guy had so much energy, even at 1am.  We gave him a good tip. Overall, the atmosphere was great -- very relaxed, esp the outside patio. The interior is very clean looking & newly renovated. We loved the look of the brick walls. Service was friendly, not disruptive or awkward, and they knew the menu well. There was a constant flow of people on a Sat night -- always nice for Cleveland.Overall, I'm happy that XYZ is an addition to the Gordon Square Arts District. I hope this neighborhood continues to grow!
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,7/2/2011,47,104,3,9,8>Big fan of Lopez. Not too many spots to get good Mexican in the area and Lopez definitely fills that gap in my needs list.For starters (and before I lose your attention) you have to try the Iron Chef Guacamole. It's chocked full of avocado, bacon and blue cheese deliciousness and is a great compliment to the customary tortilla chips and salsa.So far we have tried the lobster enchiladas (a bit pricey), fish tacos and the always popular fajitas. We have yet to be disappointed. There is also a long list of margarita options with several lesser-utilized options including pomegranate and mango.There is an outside patio for summer fun and it is well appointed for the restaurant and for summer enjoyment.Recommend parking across the street in the public garage or ponying up a little more to valet (especially in the winter).
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,7/1/2011,137,196,8,8,2>Let me start by saying.. Once you eat a pizza from here, you will compare every pizza in the future to it. Yes thats a bold statement and I am confident you will fee the same way. Tuesdays and Wednesdays are "Tasty days" and you can either get the text messages with the green word of the day, or go to their website and get the coupons, $5.50 for a large with unlimited toppings AND... there is no limit on how many pizzas you can get. If i were planning to eat myself to death, i would pick a Tuesday and go here.The locations are horrible. I am not sure who did the R&D for site placement, but they picked the most out of the way, land locked locations possible. This complaint is shallow and has nothing to do with the quality of the food mind you, but for the love of god man... Driving into Cleveland Heights is like trekking across the desert on a fricking camel! The things i will do for food....Great concept, awesome food.. Get on your camel and ride!
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2011,6/30/2011,67,157,11,10,11>This bar is like a myth.  People have heard of it but either have no idea where it is or if it still exists.  It does still exist and I'm guessing not much has changed over the years.  It's tiny, dirty, dark and just the way I like it.  On Fridays and Saturdays there's karaoke.  They have quite possibly the worst selection of songs ever but I have the worst voice ever so it's all good.  They have an old school bowling machine and pac-man.  Not to be vintage or hipster retro, but because that's what was cool when the place first opened.They have food but I've never eaten here and don't have that strong of a desire to.  Also, it seems like no drink is over 3 bucks.  Most are cheaper.  The clientele is amazing.  Lots of blue collar old men looking for someone to talk to, some with very cool tales to tell.  Younger people wanted to get away from the normal Tremont scene and once a very loud bachelorette party.  Once I came here with some friends.  My one friend brought a very annoying chick that started to put everyone down.  Her efforts were rewarded with one of the bar patrons stepping up and telling her off.  Something I had wanted to do all night, making this place even cooler.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,6/29/2011,10,87,5,8,2>The first thing that Pet People does well is bring you up to speed on the coloquial language & introduce to the inside circle - the pet peeps circle.  Although in reality the card doesn't do much for you other than an occasional $5 off a $7000 bag of dog food, that same $5 could get you any footlong at Subway this month.The kicker for me was the fact that I could bring my dog into the store & let him roam the aisles while looking over the food/treats/bones.  & the associates are true pet lovers with a wide knowledge of the different types of foods & bones & all the dog stuff.  They also gave me a punch card, & while you have to buy 12 bags to get a free one, maybe - just maybe - that will be enough to bring me back to the same place to buy my dog food for the next 2 years.I would consider the store a slight premium to Pet Supplies Plus & therefore probably slightly higher priced.  If you're into how many grains & what percent chicken fat are in your dogs food, this is a great place to get educated - If you don't really care, Pet Supplies Plus is right down the road.
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,6/28/2011,68,481,3,2,3>i went to the Diner on Clifton about two years ago and remember it being good, but my experience today shot that "good" through the roof. I have the yellowfin tuna sandwich and my friend got the Manhattan Rueben. Both were by far two of the best sandwiches I have ever tasted. The fish was perfect, the caper mayo was phenomenal, the slaw on the reuben was delicious (I don't like slaw) and the sweet potato fries were perfectly crunchy on the outside and steamy on the inside.The atmosphere is exactly how a diner should be. You can see the kitchen and it's really fun watching what goes on back there. The bar is also a cute addition and I'll probably sit there next time. I didn't go to the restroom, but I did notice that you have to walk through the kitchen a bit to get there, so that's a tiny bit weird...but certainly not off-putting enough to turn me away. I'm not hungry again yet, but I think I might go pick at my leftovers soon...
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,6/27/2011,36,127,2,1,2>I have been a member of the Strongsville Rec Center for at least the past 15 years.  For a community center they do a nice job of keeping it clean and up to date.  The busiest days are Mondays but I still never have to wait for a machine regardless of the time of day.  Bring your own music if you are going to do cardio, they play it but at the annoying level of not really knowing what song it is but just that something is on.  If you are going to the weight room they do a nice job of playing loud music to cover up the grunting :)  They offer student discounts and its $10 a day if you aren't a member.  Usually Mon-Wed are member only days after 3.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2011,6/26/2011,63,147,,4,4>Happy Dog is truly a corner dive bar in all sense - from its corner store front location to a dark motif interior complete with wrap around bar and a performance stage. What truly drew us to Happy Dog, is it's reputation for serving up Hot Dogs with up to 50 types of toppings ( all included in the price ) as well as a very diverse list of beer - one of them a recent favorite of mine - Magic Hat number 9.The ordering consists of picking your choice of beer or mixed drink, then filling out a bubble sheet - nope not for a test. You pick the regular hot dog or veggie dog, pick any of the included 50 toppings - they will give you all 50 if you wanted to be crazy, pick a side of fries or Spicy tots, dipping sauce. We decided to try a veggie dog and a regular dog. The bar tender was absolutely right that their veggie dogs are awesome. The toppings ranging from the traditional affairs to sweet ( jam ) to spicy mole, Caribbean slaw or habanero sauce, provide something for almost all taste buds. The spicy tots provide a creative spin on these over-looked side dish. For the non hot dog lovers or variety they also offer chili on their menu both as a standalone item or as one of the toppings.There are side bar tables that are placed on one end of the wrap around bar proving some darker cozy corners as well as booths to larger open tables providing dining space for larger groups on the other side of the bar. The serving staff are bar tenders themselves. During our visit I noticed at least three bartenders manning the bar as well as the tables. I found the staff to be very helpful in educating us about their ordering process as well as with recommendations. Happy Dog keeps their food menu simple yet something to crave for again and again. There is parking in a poorly kept parking space with only about 10 spaces, across the street.  However there is ample parking on the side streets.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,6/25/2011,440,357,2,4,2>I came here for Happy Hour with my 2 friends and at first sight, I loved the way the place was decorated. As my friend Joyce P pointed out, Dante was originally a bank and they had a somewhat "private" dining table where the table was inside the vault-- so adorable!Their pasta, risotto, and polenta menu offers 3 different sizes-- tasting, appetizers, or ful course. Because we had the option for a tasting size, we ordered about 8 dishes to try.Delicious Food: Black Forbidden Rice, Linguinie alla Carbonara, and Salmon 3 ways roll, miso mussels. Mediocre Food: Pappardalle Bolognese, Cavatelli, French FriesNot as Good Food: Tempura Chicken WingsI must rave about the black forbidden risotto rice. I'm usually not a huge fan of risotto but ever since watching Top Chef, I almost try risotto everywhere I go and I finally found a restaurant (Dante) where i truly enjoy riotto! Then, the miso mussels... i love how you don't just taste seafood but also the miso soaked in the mussels. On the other end, the tempura chicken wings weren't so great. The fried batter wasn't so crispty and the chicken didn't have much flavor except the flavor of...chicken.PROs: the friendly waiter, the speed, the decoration of the place, the quantity of the food (it was soooo much food for $4 per dish!), and the quality of the food. CONs: the tempura chicken wings, the small tv where only the people sitting at the bar facing the tv can see itOverall: This place is a MUST GO. I already know I'm going to be back here fairly soon!!
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,6/24/2011,442,1404,3,8,5>I expected an old school place.  And I got it.  But with that old school rap I expected maybe the standard chocolate and vanilla soft serve and maybe 2 or 3 ice cream flavors.  WRONG.  They have some very creative flavors like Texas Grapefruit Sorbet and Day of the Dead Calabaza that is Pumpkin and Brown Sugar.  Truth be told, they have over 12 ice cream flavors, 4 frozen yogurt flavors, and maybe 3 or 4 sorbets.  And CHEAP!  And my favorite...a kiddie cup of soft serve is only $1.  Yep, $1.  So go ahead and drop $7 on that Banana Split at Sweet Moses--the same sundae will cost you $4.50 here.  Tip:  You get more ice cream in a cup that you receive in a cone (albeit it a styrofoam cup).  There, you heard it here first...And I love the mixed bags of chairs and tables out front.  This is reminiscent of a Dari-Delite.  You get the picture.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,6/23/2011,9,19,36,13,7>I was tattooed at Voodoo Monkey by one of the co-owners, Dave, in 2006.  Dave was very polite and professional.  He was also very quiet.  I remember joking uncomfortably with him, saying something like "Aren't you suppose to interview me about my life like they do on Miami Ink?"I'm such a dork sometimes.When he first laid the stencil on my arm, I said I thought it was a little too small but Dave didn't mind making it a little larger to my liking.Dave did a beautiful job on my tattoo.  I pretty much let him do whatever he wanted with the coloring and fortunately for me he did a kick ass job.  The colors are very bright and vivid.  Everyone always comments on how pretty it is.  I have had the tattoo for 5 years and the color is still amazing.  I don't think it has faded much, if at all.I think the tattoo cost $150, but I don't really remember.I will try to upload a picture to my page or this page so ya'll can check it out.Over all it was a great experience.  Dave even met me and my friends out for drinks afterward at the Garage.  I remember  he was very concerned that I was happy with the tattoo and kept examining his work.  That was cool.Word of warning:  When you get a tattoo, you should probably eat before hand.  I know you will probably be very excited with the anticipation of it all, but really, you should eat.  Also, maybe it is not such a good idea to pound a bunch of beers on an empty stomach immediately after you get said tattoo.  You MIGHT end up kissing some guy you don't know, fall asleep on the toilet in a dirty restroom at a hipster bar, throw up at the feet of the guy you kissed as he hands you a rose he bought from the street vendor and pass out in your car in the parking lot behind said hipster bar on west 25th while your dickhead friends continue to drink and never once check on your safety.  You also might have to get a ride home from the strange man that you kissed because you are too drunk to drive, but you almost die on the way home because he was just as drunk as you were but you didn't know it at the time.  Also, you might wake up in your friends kids' bed and realize that you left your keys in the strange guy you kissed car.  Luckily your friends somehow got his phone number and you were able to track him down and get his address so you could go pick the keys up.  But then when you ask your dickhead friends to drive you to get your keys and pick up your car that is still parked behind the bar, your dickhead friends refuse because they are too hungover.  Then you have to suck it up and CALL YOUR MOM to come to your dickhead friends house with her spare keys for the car and drive you to the bar.  Then you go and pick up your keys from that strange guy you kissed last night, that gave you a rose as you puked at his feet and then almost killed you on the way home.  The meeting is brief and awkward but thankfully he does not ask you out.Just sayin'.   It's not like that actually happened to me or anything.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,6/22/2011,78,264,2,6,2>I'm the type of girl who really doesn't give a crap about hair and makeup. There, I said it. Normally, I hate salons because people there are always trying to convince you to buy product, get a certain style that takes tons of maintenance, etc. That's why I LOVE this great little salon on Coventry. I've been twice now for pedicures and twice for cuts/styles with two different stylists and both have been great. Heidi and Sonja are so so great. Very friendly and fun to chat with. They don't act all snobby when I tell them that, no, I usually don't blow-dry my hair. The stylists here are really interested in making you happy with what YOU want done. I really appreciate this.Also they have a cute little upstairs nook for pedicures and they do a great job with this too.  Lots of great little included extras with a trip to Laura Lee. Mini-facial, hand massage while you're getting your hair washed - awesome! I've also had mini shoulder massages and constant people asking me if I'd like water, coffee, tea. A really great experience every time.Love this cozy little neighborhood salon!
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,6/21/2011,30,393,,3,2>Still a raving fan!!!Had Diana at Cakes Plus whip up cupcakes and assorted mini desserts for my 30th birthday party.  I personally tried the cheesecake, brownies, and chocolate mousse cups and thought they were to die for.  And as far as the cupcakes go, a few people told me they'd never had cupcakes so good.  I personally think the carrot cupcake I had was the best one I've ever eaten...and I eat a lot of carrot cake cupcakes!!  The dessert really helped to make my party.  Plus, I was able to have my goodies delivered to my party site for a nominal charge which gave me more time to worry about other things.Highly recommended!!!
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,6/20/2011,97,533,,3,4>If this doesn't scream Cleveland, I don't know what does. Hoopple's has a small but nice draft beer selection, friendly people, Union workers lined up at the bar, and a bowling machine.I have only eaten here once, and that was for taco night. Those were solid, as was the beer-battered asparagus (healthy!). If you're looking for gourmet food, Tremont's just around the corner.I'm giving 5 stars for atmosphere, amiable bartenders, and the excellent view of the Cleveland skyline. It's truly a great place to have a beer and bowl a few frames.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,6/19/2011,110,405,8,8,6>Was boozin and cruisin with my canine comrade. Went all the way out to Hudson via Brecksville/82. Looking for anything to Yelp. Nothing. Not even in the strip mall I used to hit in Hudson on my dry cleaning route back in the day. There was a deli, but it opened at fucking 11! Who even wants to go to a deli after 11? Weak. Breezed through Peninsula. Winking Lizard? Bah. Ended up backtracking through Brecksville and I remembered an old friend. London Pickle Works! Was it still there some four years after I stopped in while house shopping? Yup. Incidentally, investing in a condo down there probably would have made more sense than buying a house in Lakewood. Live and learn.Cozied up to the bar and ordered a Killians, plus cheesesteak to go(for pooch). Like the Unicorn, food was amazingly done before I could chug my brew. I could get used to this kind of service. The bar was all old men. Matt, I don't know how you do it. They were watching Fox news for chrissakes!! Total was eight dollars! Holy shit. I dropped a three dollar tip on that barmaid's ass. How could I not? A real meal at fast food prices, at fast food speed, served by someone not under house arrest with work privileges. Busted open the styro box. Big sandwich with mushrooms, onions, cheez and beef sliced so thin I swear it was a Steak'um. I never ate those as a kid, but I remember one time my friend had one in his bedroom where we were playing NES. He didn't want it, so we threw it all around the room. Fries were awesome. Also got a pickle. That's eight dollars with the beer, just to recap. Great value, nice location, old men. I won't wait four more years to come back.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,6/18/2011,118,61,4,15,5>Real rating (because there's no half-star option here ::fistshake::): 4.5 starsCons (because it's the shorter list): unprofessional reception until you actually pay (snippy on the phone, inattentive at the front desk), somewhat sketchy (but trendy!) neighborhood if you're going after sundownPros (because you save the best for last): quality service, amazing staff/hair dressers, complimentary drinks, complimentary head and shoulder massage, soothing, clean modern decor, gorgeous lighting, good music, VERY reasonable prices, complimentary trims in between haircuts!In short, if this place weren't a hair salon, I'd probably live here.I went about two weeks ago but our destinies were entwined from the start.  I didn't know the name of my future upscale-hair-salon-to-be, but I'd been planning on having my first, decent professional haircut of my life for some time now.  After a childhood and adolescence of ragged, dog-chewed bowl cuts at the hands of my well-meaning mom and a few under-$60 trips to Floyds, I was ready to shell out at least $100 for some glam and a real lady-do.I picked Zen off of Yelp (thanks fellow Yelpers!) because of the positive reviews specific to short hair styles (what I was going for).  My stylist, Christina was warm, patient, and professional.  She spent at least an hour getting the exact results I wanted.  The place is freaking gorgeous: dark mahogany wood flooring, track lighting, airy, open loft layout, exposed brick, built-in mini bar, oversized leather chairs, full-length standing mirrors.  I literally forgot it was a work night in the dead cold of a Cleveland winter.  I was in a lovely oasis of soft light.  I even caught a glimpse of the owner who was styling another client's hair a few chairs down and who, I'm told, designed the interior of the place as well.  Talk about local business-owner superstar.So I expected at least $80 for my cut; instead, $50 got me waaaay more than a cut without me even asking (in order of receiving): glass of wine, head and shoulder massage, shampoo, haircut, styling, hair product recommendation, offer of complimentary trims between cuts!The only hitch I had was with the receptionist.  The phone attendant was so rude, I almost decided to cancel.  Luckily, I ended up having extra time and going anyway but even when I arrived, the front desk attendant completely ignored me.  She became completely friendly when I was paying afterwards though.  My recommendation: when you're the first point of contact with a company, keep it professional.  You can really give the wrong impression about a good thing.Still, Zen is definitely a salon with the ambiance and results of a top-notch spa.  On top of looking absolutely fabulous, I came away with a sumptuous, luxuriously relaxing experience and I'll definitely be returning for those never-too-many self-pampering days.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,6/16/2011,133,174,,6,4>I love Bistro 185. I came here early in Restaurant Week, making my reservation through Open Table. The restaurant is super easy to locate, right off the Shoreway & 185th. The interior is a little dated but don't let that deter you.The service is spot on, the wait staff is extremely nice and helpful. The food, oh the food, it is so delicious. I had a Coquille St. Jacques (essentially scallops and shrimp in delicious cheese) as my first course, Pecan crusted fish with tempura vegetables and mashed sweet potatoes as my second, and the best key lime pie I have had in ages. My dining partner had a salad, some red meat and an amazingly delicious cheesecake (because we went so long ago I can't recall what she ate specifically). Both of us were so happy with our meals and we took most of it home to enjoyWe shared a bottle of sauvignon blanc.This place is top notch. Their portions are extremely generous, that coupled with attentive workers left us satiated all the way through. Great work!
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,6/15/2011,76,21,,5,3>From the positive reviews of Washington Place I began seeing/hearing a few weeks back I knew that it wouldn't take much coaxing to get the fiance to take me there for a lil date.While I never made it to Baricelli (which seems to ignite rage within the hearts of my foodie friends - hey, I lived out of town for a decade!) and have no point for comparison, I can say that I really loved what was done with the space.  This mansion has been modernized in a tasteful, stylish way.  It's on trend but certainly not trendy.  You walk in and immediately feel like you're in a carefree luxury space.  The complimentary parking wasn't a bad touch either.Many of the cheese ingredients included in dishes still come from the Baricelli producers.  For those foodies out there still wanting to experience a taste of what was.The cocktails at this place are outstanding and reasonably priced.  I ordered the Ginger Sidecar and the fiance had a Dark and Stormy.  As for the food, we ordered several smaller plates to share, as we are want to do:1)  Roasted Beet & Goat Cheese Salad2)  Oxtail Pierogies3)  Mack and Cheese (named for the Mackenzie Creamery)4)  Steamed Asparagus5)  Presti's Glazed Donut Bread PuddingIt was a lovely meal - in fact one that ranked with some of the best that the we had experienced together.  All ingredients were expertly selected and for the most part impeccably prepared.  The pierogies + mack were incredibly full-flavored and carefully balanced.  Both dishes ran the risk of being too rich, but we opted for the smaller size of both (*some dishes do come in half + full sizes) which allowed us to experience just enough of each dish while still leaving us satisfied.We were told that the guest rooms in the Inn portion will be available to book sometime in January.  If they're as well-appointed and comfortable as the rest of the space is, I could see this making for a great getaway within walking distance of Little Italy + University Circle.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2010,6/14/2011,64,141,,5,4>Abnormal grilled cheese, abnormal place, abnormally great.You like jalapenos, cream cheese, and funnel cakes?  Get The big Popper.  A deep fried grilled cheese sandwich with the previously listed ingredients.   Their french fries are also tasty.  Check out their website for their list of many different sandwiches.The bar is very large, and they have many great beers on tap.  I have been here only once, and it was just before noon.  Melt looks like a lot of fun later at night.  (They were having a Big Lebowski viewing that night.  My generation's Easy Rider!)The only bad thing seems to be... get there, and get there early.  The line builds astonishingly fast.It is easy to see how this place is becoming a Cleveland icon.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2011,6/13/2011,64,154,,4,2>We went here last night for my buddy's birthday. Last night was also New Year's Eve. As you can imagine, the restaurant was packed with people. I was curious to see how our experience would be on a busier night.Despite the crowds, our experience was just as good as it was last time we visited! (Actually, it was better.) We devoured our chips and salsa like a bunch of Hungry Hungry Hippos, yet they kept our basket full the entire time. I had a pork tamale and chimichanga this time, and they were delicious. We also shared a generous pitcher of strawberry margarita; between the 5 of us, we each had enough for a glass and a half. They also provided my buddy with a shot of tequila that had some Kahula in it as a birthday gift, which was a nice surprise.This place is awesome. In my opinion, it is the best Mexican restaurant in Cleveland! Low prices, delicious food, friendly service, and large portion sizes all combine to make a winning restaurant!
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2011,6/12/2011,46,63,,4,4>50 years ago, the soda fountain was losing the battle, along with downtown shopping, to that wonder of suburban life, The Mall. Who wanted to go downtown to sit in one shop when you could park free in that cornucopia of conformity and climate control? Soda jerks went the way of the dinosaur, and the new and modern age had no need for such old-fashioned places.50 years later? We're rediscovering the charm of downtown shopping, neighborhood diners and, yes, soda fountains. Everything old is new again.Today we stumbled into Sweet Moses for their grand opening. It was only by luck that we happened upon it this first time, but we will definitely be returning there soon and often. The soda shop is decorated with clean lines and a judicious use of antiques that add charm without cluttering the space. The menu features their own ice cream, as well as old-fashioned favorites such as phosphates. The classic-flavored ice creams are delicious, and the sundaes generously sized. The shop is just around the corner from the Capitol Theater. Is there any better retro date than a movie and then a stop at the soda fountain? Take the time to enjoy this step back in time to the future of Cleveland.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,6/11/2011,105,123,2,8,5>KoKo Bakery is a place that I think every Clevelander should go to at least once.  It really is the cutest bakery with the most delicious things! Their bubble tea is the best I've ever tasted - the almond is my favorite.I get random cravings for their baked goods (hello coconut cream bun!) and I wish that I lived next door - though, it's probably better for me that I don't. The case up front is always filled with delightful looking chocolate covered strawberries, cakes, mousse, and other sweet treats.  Anything I've tried has been really great - this place really is impressive.The pork buns are on my list to try for my next trip - after all of these reviews, I'm sad that I've missed out on them so far. I just can't pass up all the sweets!  I'm looking forward to my next trip.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,6/10/2011,167,334,2,10,5>I'm no Yogi, but I know a good instructor when I meet one.  Ok, maybe not, but I know what I like. My bf granted me a gift of a 10-class pass to Puma (Personally, I recommend this # because if gives you a chance to try out many different classes and instructors).  I've been going for a little over a month now and have definitely found some favorites!I've taken various classes at different levels and all the instructors are very kind, friendly, and helpful.  Even Puma herself knows my name and chats with me when I come to a class!  I am a huge fan of Puma's beginner class and think that the beginner's workshop would probably be amazing for those just starting out.  I love, love, love Susan's classes too.  She's a riot and always manages to challenge me.While most of the instructors here focus on Vinyasa styles, there are varying degrees among them.  A great non-pretentious studio for Yogis of all levels!
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2011,6/9/2011,72,198,25,11,14>The only thing I can add about Lakewood Park that nobody else seems to have mentioned is that the squirrels in this park are more varied than a United Nations meeting.Whereas most of the CLE area has the common brown squirrel doing its goofy thing.  Lakewood Park rolls up it's multicultural sleeves and offers black, red, and the occasional balding squirrel.  The balding ones are probably from mange, but I like to think they're the non-conformists fighting against established squirrel social norms.So what's the big deal if there are different colored squirrels?  Well, I used to live a block away and never saw them around.  The other parks in Lakewood don't have them either.Is Lakwood Park the Ellis Island of Squirreldom?  Are these the tired and poor, and the huddled squirrel masses gathering in Lakewood Park?  I don't know, but I sure as shit like to think so.Oh, and there's a nice bandstand, swimming pool, and of course a great view of downtown Cleveland to enjoy if you're not into the whole squirrel thing.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,6/8/2011,19,47,4,5,3>Dear Summer,Please return quickly so I can spend my happy hours on the patio of the wine bar enjoying my favorite pinot grigio and possibly some flat bread and sweet potato fries. I will bring all my friends and we will sit for hours (and be shocked when our bill comes with 45 glasses on it). I do enjoy the wine bar in the winter but it really shines in the summer.Sincerely,Maura
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2011,6/7/2011,86,287,6,6,6>Yep, there's a reason this place is one of the best-reviewed joints in Cleveland: it rules, plain and simple. As I get older, I appreciate more and more a well-made cocktail. And in my travels across the U.S. (and the sketchier parts of Europe), this place has to rank in the top three of bars I've ever been to. I hesitate to call it a "bar," because that sounds too much like the crappy sports bars I used to frequent in college. I guess it's...a cocktail lounge? A saloon? A tavern? Hell, I don't know. All I know is that I had a Tom Collins here that would make your momma faint.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,6/6/2011,44,84,7,9,9>There is a waitress here who will play The French Game with you, if you want.  The French Game is where you walk in with your head full of high school French, and try to order and carry on a conversation in French, and she too will make halting small talk with you as you both pretend you're in a foreign country.  You don't have to play The French Game.  But I find it rather endearing that they're willing to go along with you.  I I hope this is what it's like in France; not some overblown pretentious place where the waiters will spit on you if you don't show up in a tux with a beautiful girl at your elbow, but a little, worn cafe in a nice section of town.  The tiles have that sort of can't-be-mopped grit that comes from thousands of feet, and the tables are a little close, but it feels strangely convivial.  You can sit outside and watch the Cleveland locals pass by, which never gets old.  The food has a lot of simple French dishes, each cheap and superbly done; they have crepes and chasseurs and kij and boeuf bourguiginon at a  price of about $12 each, and it's routinely delicious.  The savory crepes are topped with a little bechamel sauce, folded as flat as a napkin, each inch stuffed with a thin bit of chicken or mushroom or salmon - perfectly done, and good to the last bite.  Their steak au roquefort is juicy, served with French bread with a little white cheese spread over it, and it is delicious.  The dessert crepes are also perfection - gooey enough to satisfy my prodigious sweet tooth, yet not oozing so much that it explodes when you try to cut a piece off.  Crepes are a bit of a pretentious thing now, like cupcakes, but there's not an ounce of pretention in these - just quiet craftsmanship, the mark of a restaurant that's served thousands of these and knows what they're doing.  The service is good - it gets a tad slow when there's a lot of people in here, which there usually are, but the waitresses are quick to keep your drinks topped off, and the atmosphere is intimate that you should bring either a beautiful woman to talk to, or a wondrous book to read and ponder.  Time moves slowly at La Petit Triangle, but with the gracious slowness of a well-spent afternoon, the kind of sleepy, just-got-out-of-bed slowness that you don't want to end.One of Ohio's treasures, really.  Oh, and you can get a full meal, with two drinks each and dessert, for $60 sans tip.  That's a bargain price that really makes it all worthwhile.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,6/5/2011,162,287,9,10,12>Yes, that's right. 5 stars for a bowling alley. Why? Because it is so full of awesome that it's bordering on ridiculous. Old school bowling alleys are frickin' amazing. Period. Mahall's offers zero frills and that's just the way I like it. No fancy score keeping, it's all DIY. I have no idea how to keep score.... so thankfully, my less drunk friends were able to keep track of how kick ass I was. (yeah, a 67 in the second game --- I clearly rock!) Super cool, friendly, accomodating staff who seemed to go out of their way for our party. It's really cheap to bowl here too. $3 per game. $2 shoe rental. (Ew, but I had no choice). Full bar with an adorable bartender who made excuses for me when I went flying down the flight of stairs. (The full bar was part of the reason I fell). I hope I tipped him enough! I love you Mahall's. xoxo
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2011,6/4/2011,241,224,,4,4>This is not the place to order a salad or a light meal - if you go, Do Lola Right! I told the server to order for me, and she hooked me up. I started with the Beef Cheek Pierogi. Oh my - melt in your mouth. The Pierogi dough was light and sweet, the filling of beef cheek was divine, and the horseradish creme fraiche brought it all home. YUM! My entree was the Smoked Berkshire Pork Chops. They are served over cheesy polenta with BBQ Onions. I'm a big pork eater (love me a good pork tenderloin) and this was some of the best pork I've ever tasted. I was in heaven! We were very full and had to skip in desert, but I am informed that the desert to try is the 6am Special.  This desert creation is french toast, maple bacon ice cream and carmelized apples.  I'll be back to try that one, soon!The best part about this restaurant is that they don't rush you - they pace the meal very well. It's the kind of place that isn't just a restaurant, but an eating experience. I will return, over and over!
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,6/3/2011,67,84,3,8,6>Wow. Amazed that this place exists in the middle of an Independence, OH plaza. The man and woman who looked like they were the sole proprietor's and possibly sole employees were attentive and friendly despite only two of them having to handle 30 customers, a full bar and kitchen. Happy hour was great with $5 all drinks and glasses of wine. I had Ketel One dirty martini. My two friends had a chardonnay and french martini. We stayed a few hours into the night enjoying conversation, more drinks and some app snacks. The decor and ambiance was victorian-esque or baroque or renassance-y. I couldn't really tell but it was cozy, and artsy, and epic all in the same sentence.Highly recommended for happy hour. I had heard from others that it has changed since the previous management had left. They used to do live piano music from what I hear.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2011,6/2/2011,196,453,8,12,8>My first review of 2011 goes out to Paragon Bar on Lakeshore in Euclid.  This used to be the Coppertop but thankfully that establishment has closed and now Paragon gets their turn at being a successful bar/restaurant in an area really needing a face lift.  I have officially been here twice and will probably find myself coming here more often in 2011.  My first experience was New Years Eve, during the afternoon hours, to try and scope out my options for last minute drinking in case my initial NYE plans fell through.  I stopped in, ponied up to the bar, and to my delight, $2 happy hour bottles.  I stayed long enough to consume 3-4 beers and eat a half off flat bread pizza.  Kudos on the cheap beer prices, but the flat bread lacked the flavor punch you would expect from fresh basil.  I understand that this is a work in progress but with 2 full time cooks / chefs, I was expecting more.  I went with the Margarita Pizza, slightly overcooked but it was cheap and did the trick.  Very limited menu but some of the food passing by my bar stool did look really good.  I will try something different next time.  I never ended up coming here for NYE but the bartender, 40's, looked like she was dressed to impress.My second experience was Sunday night.  I decided to bring 4 friends along for the ride to see what they thought of the Paragon.  We all decided that it was a nice change of pace for Euclid with hopes that maybe this will be the beginning of something exciting to come.  The new owners really put some money into the place fixing it up which should make a great happy hour place and could have some potential as a Yelp event location.  Parking up front is limited so hit the back parking lot.  Try the martini's ($7.50), the dirty martini I had was well made and probably went down a lot quicker then it should have being the last cocktail of the night.  Try some food and leave feedback with the manager, now is the time for them to hear as much criticism as possible.  There is a Jukebox.  I didn't check out all the taps but it appears that most are imports.  I don't recall seeing Bud or Miller products on tap but definitely in bottles.4 stars is a stretch, 3.5 would have been more fitting, but I'll give the extra .5 stars based on potential and that my main purpose for Paragon will be for drinks / happy hour.  Fits the bill just fine.  Remember:  This is Euclid, not Lakewood, so take that into account when reviewing.  Cheers!!
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2011,6/1/2011,70,110,2,6,4>Its about time! Strongsville needs good restaurants so bad! It is a franchise black hole and places like B Spot really make this little city a foodie haven. So on to the review! Let me start by saying that I have never been to the other B Spots. So everything I experienced last night was new to me. And it was awesome. We got a seat at the bar because of the hour wait! It looks like the Strognsvillians are just as excited as i that we now have a few good places to eat! As we waited we ordered some of their crazy drinks, for example a bacon infused Old Fashioned! YUM Booze and bacon what could be better?! We were tempted to get one of their Bad *ss shakes but had to turn it down ...this time.  For entrées we ordered a Brueban burger and the Chick Magnet. The burger was a little rare but hey, I am a carnivore and that was no problem. The burger it self was great but the coffee BBQ sauce made this a damn good burger. The chicken sandwich was great and had fresh avocados on it, it went well with their spicy mustard too. We ordered a side of their chips and fondue, and they were awesome! The service was good and bartenders entertaining.  The hour wait is more like 5 minutes if you just go straight to the bar. I will definitely be back here. They have a great beer selection too. And who doesn't like beer?!
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,5/31/2011,52,95,3,4,3>I have been to the West Side Market several times to walk around and explore, and it has been fun, but I never really "liked" going there.  I'm the kind of person that gets uncomfortable in large crowds, and Saturday morning and afternoon at the WSM freaked me out.  The people I was with liked to browse and mozy around, and I was walking laps around the market, because I was afraid of getting hit by strollers.Well, that phase of my life is over.  We went the other day to do our weekly grocery shopping...Best decision ever.  Let me count the ways:1. Better quality food that at any of the area mega-stores2. More friendly people3. We saved a ton of money4. Italian sausage and peperoni bread5. Best bacon I have ever tastedOf course, we had to stop into one of the bigger stores for just a few little things, but I think we are going to make the WSM our new grocery shopping location.I would rather give my money to these independent merchants than a chain store any day.  Michael Pollan would be so proud.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2011,5/30/2011,57,156,4,12,7>I have stopped in at La Plaza twice now in the last two weeks.  Once on a whim (based on a glowing yelp review) and once more on a mission.  Both times I left happy and excited to return. La Plaza stocks most of the general staples you'd need from most groceries, though obviously there is a strong lean toward mexican, Central, and South American goods. Especially delightful to me is the meat counter with not only fresh chorizo, but also fresh chincharrones (PORK RINDS!) by the pound.The fresh guacamole, salsa, and pico de gallo (also available  at the meat counter) are all superb, however there is only one heat rating for both the salsa and pico.  You get what you get, and you'll like it, gringo/a.The produce section has lots of items that would be hard to track down elsewhere, as well as reasonable to great prices on other more common items. On both visits the staff has been very friendly and helpful, and strongly urge others to visit and support them.  As an added bonus they do have a taco cart, but it wasn't open one either of my visits.  I guess I'll just have to go back...
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2010,5/29/2011,62,160,4,8,7>really?  I gotta follow that review about "a life incomplete"?  for the love of....  well, while I am not quite the wordsmith that Matthew M. is, I am still going to offer my own simple perspective on one of my favorite places in town  ;o)Bar Cento has quickly become my cheap(-er than Greenhouse Tavern) place to go to relax, have great food and amazing beer.  When you come here, be prepared to be amazed when you finally hunt down that beer you've been wanting to try for weeks (Dogfish Head's Bitches Brew) or when you find several beers you actually enjoy drinking (even though you don't really like beer all that much, lol).Their pomme frites are the best I've had since actually being in Belgium!  Done traditional Belgian style and served with four different dipping sauces...I still haven't decided which one I like the best.  Their pizza is solid and I must say that their Antipasti is one of the best in the city for it's price.  The Big Board is the one you want to go for, the samplings of meat and cheese are out of this world.  I've had much, much worse for the same price, a sad little plate filled mainly with something akin to Ritz crackers, but we shall not talk about that tragedy....Been here several times and even though Bier Markt is right next door, I've always found myself on the Bar Cento side of things.  The bartenders are friendly and obviously love their jobs, especially when they are extolling the virtues of a new brew to their customers.  One day I will make it downstairs to Speakeasy, but for now, I am happy with my Frites et la biere....
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2010,5/28/2011,19,46,,4,5>I can't decide if I love this place so much because it's yummy sushi or because it's across the street from my office. At any rate, it's a great place for lunch. I love the crisp, white, "purchased from Ikea" decor. I am a sucker for Ikea. They have fabulous, filling futomaki. I am particular fan of the 86 roll. Although you may not want to take a client/vendor there or an embarrassing situation may ensue in which you shove a giant piece of sushi in your mouth and look like a chipmunk storing for winter. Not that I am speaking from experience.Carry out is also quick and fresh and they deliver to area offices. Bonus!
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,5/27/2011,215,581,9,12,10>Holy mother of God.I haven't had a burger craving this bad since back in my preggo days. We just happened to be around Seven Hills and I knew about this place from you guys.I was starving and didn't know what to do. Luckily, the server was as patient as he was efficient, and gave us a menu and some time to decide. Like, two minutes.  Haha. We were totally those n00bs who actually had to look at the menu. (It'll remain in our glove compartment for future use.)My  husband got the galley boy; I would have expected nothing less from him. I got a double cheeseburger with everything. We got two small shakes (key lime for him, chocolate for me) and fries to share.Well, it was SUPER quick and piping hot when it came out. Such friendly service and cheap to boot!And oh, my, the burger. I couldn't wait until we got home--hell, I couldn't wait until we pulled out of the parking lot, even though we got the food to go. The only thing I didn't realize ( although on closer inspection of the menu it is pretty clear) that you have to order lettuce and tomato as additional toppings. It's cool, my mustard / cheese whiz amazingness / onion / pickle burger was fabulous. The galley boy was everything it claims to be. The fries were great and tasted fresh, but could have used a touch more salt.The shake was otherworldly. I think my other top shake in Cleveland is from Tommy's and this might top that. Next time I want to try a combination, possibly involving butterscotch or peanut butter. My husband's key lime shake tasted not only of lime, but also of the creamy filling and rich crust. It was sorta like when Violet eats that dinner gum in Willy Wonka and tastes the whole blueberry pie. Like that.I expect this will become a treat for us, especially when summer rolls around and we can eat with the windows down.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2010,5/26/2011,82,187,5,6,4>Holy Heaven.I loved this corned beef.  It's thin as paper and densely piled with love.  But that reuben, that was damn good.  It was actually more of a huge mass of corned beef with a small amount of sauerkraut and swiss, but nonetheless great.  I took the leftovers of my sandwich and fed the 3 homeless kids outside.  Well, I didn't, but I'm sure I could have.  And they would have been full for days.  Oh, and the service?  Outstanding.  No screaming or yelling or dirty looks between the employees; and we arrived (wisely) smack dab at 12:30.  Things seems to work in such an orderly fashion despite the initial appearance of chaos.  We chose to sit and eat our food, which arrived at the same time (if not faster) than those waiting for takeout.  They must have been doing this for a while...Leftovers are calling.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2011,5/25/2011,25,85,10,10,6>Like Notre Dame College, Chief's Auto Wash, and that one stretch of 4 nice houses on Belvoir, Warehouse Beverage makes you feel like you've been magically whisked out of South Euclid Hell and into some faraway paradise like Lyndhurst, Cleveland Heights, or Euclid.Amazing beer selection, damn good wine selection, and a plentiful selection of things you didn't know existed.  Woodchuck makes pear cider?  They sure do, and WHB has it.  I think the last time I went in, there were 5-6 varieties of Woodchuck.  My wife loves Woodchuck and she squealed when she saw the selection.  I like it, too, especially some of the flavors not found in grocery stores.  October and Woodchuck go together like peas and carrots.Want to make beer or wine?  This is your one-stop-shop.  Need a 1/6 barrel of GLBC's finest?  Done.  Need a wine key?  They have 5 different kinds.  Want to just BS with the owner?  He's just the kind of guy you want to BS with. The selection inside is something you'd expect to find in a place 4-5 times as large.  There aren't enormous quantities of everything, but who really needs a 30-pack of 15% chocolate raspberry coffee saffron Lambic?  Nobody.  One will do.If you live anywhere in the area bound by 77, the shoreway, 271, and 480, you owe yourself a stop at Warehouse Beverage in Sunny South Euclid.  If you live outside this area, your taxes are lower than mine.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2010,5/24/2011,29,41,4,6,6>Zoos are basically a place to take children. Adults go because they want the kids to gett out of the house and into something other than mommy's hair dryer. Adults go to a zoo without kids for a couple of reasons only. 1:To use seeing an unique animal from some exotic zoo (San Diego, perhaps) as an excuse to relive something from childhood. 2: Tourist.So since I am a father of two boys I'll review for the biggest customer base of the zoo, Family with Children.First: if you live in the greater cleveland area, get the membership. You will find the visit more relaxing because you don't feel like you have to see everything to make it worth your while. You can always come back for an hour to see something that you've missed or if the children are hung up on a particular animal or exhibit . No big deal. Want a place to just take a walk with more than just sidewalk and houses? Well let's go to the zoo! The getting in:The Cleveland Metro Zoo provides ample parking and signs to start your experience. Once parked and loaded on the waggon (stroller, whatever it be for your fam) you'll see clear markings to direct you to the entrance. There's a restroom in the back parking lot which is awesome planning. I do have a gripe here. After the rainforest area there's tiny road right in front of the main entrance to the zoo. This is a cause for concern. I know they have staff there to direct traffic.  It just takes one step and one moment of spacing out to have a serious accident and shut the whole park down because the law suits that follow will bankrupt the park. Best to fix it asap and have no chance of that happening at all.My second gripe is the lack of local food vendors in the zoo's food court. Come on, I know a lot of visitors would go for the familiar but I do think we can have something of local nature in there and do well. So enough about my gripes and back to my review.Honestly, if you've been to one zoo, you've been to all of them, right? I mean, sure you'll see different animals here and there. But overall, there are mammals, reptiles, fowls and flora. The end.Except, if you consider the intangibles. The staff, the volunteers, the people who you see in the park. You're not there to see the people but it's the people there who help you get around to learn and view these magnificent creatures. Here's an example. As we enter the "Australia" exhibit, we were greeted by a volunteer at door telling us there are some kola mamas with babies in the enclosure. She informed us of the need to be quiet and respectful of their peace. Once inside, there's a staffer who we witness reminding a group of children to lower their volume in a very polite way. Several other staffers/volunteers recommended different exhibits as we went along.  Helping us make a fun afternoon, even though we've never been there before.Final note: the construction of the elephant exhibit is underway so it's a little disappointing for my boys (they love elephants) but we just told them their house is being remodeled and they'll be back from their extended vacation next year.I think they bought the story.
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,5/23/2011,32,32,3,6,3>This is our go-to breakfast joint.  Friendly and quick service, inexpensive, and all-around good food.  The Coffee Pot boasts some of the BEST toast I have ever eaten.  I don't know how they do it.  I could eat three or four platefuls every time I go in.  I'm not an egg-eater, so I can't testify to their omelettes.  But I absolutely love their potato pancakes, and their bacon is perfect -- not too crispy, not too fatty.  Their pancakes are huge, stick to the short stack.  And they're not just a breakfast place, though they serve breakfast all day.  They also make good burgers and chicken salad -- but the fish sandwich is my favorite.  Fries come seasoned with pepper, but not with every entree.Closed on Mondays, but no problem for us, who are more often weekend diner-goers.If you live in Lakewood, or drive through often, and haven't been to The Coffee Pot...well.  You're missing out on something fabulous.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2010,5/22/2011,98,206,3,6,5>It reminded me so much of suburban America in my only visit:A toy train running along the top of the ceiling; Black and white tiles on the ground; Spotless counters; the ultra-friendly white teenagers behind the counter who were right out of Pleasantville; the bright light; and the college-aged couple holding hands across the table in the corner. The ice cream sundae was $4.65. Maybe it's just me, I went to there and honey hut in the same day [huzzah!] and both of them seemed to slightly skimp on their ice cream in their sundaes. Is it better than the hut ? I can't compare the two, this doesn't have honey, so it tastes slightly different but both are pretty good ice creams. If I were in the neighborhood more often, I'd stop by there more.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,5/21/2011,153,207,3,5,4>On a recent culinary meetup with our party of 16, Lago was plenty accommodating. Upon our arrival, there was a private room setup with four large tables arranged in a fashion to comfortably seat our large group. The setting was in order for the memorable meal that followed. A three course prix fixe menu was offered as a value to those who didn't wish to order from the full menu. Our server, admittedly new to Lago, was plenty attentive and patient with our group. To start, my accomplice and I shared a bowl of steamed mussels and clams in a white wine garlic broth. The clams, I am unhappy to report, tasted gritty from sand left unrinsed. The broth, nothing I couldn't have constructed at home. Next, I had the grilled lamb chops with pumpkin gratin, brussels sprouts and pomegranate vinaigrette. Now, I've ordered lamp chops at other fine dining establishments and have only received a small chop or two of this delicate meat as an entire entrée (I'm talking to you Johnny's Downtown). At Lago, I was served an entire rack of lamb with about 8 ribs each! Cooked to my choice of medium rare, they knocked this dish out of the park and certainly made up for the first course. Damn this was good! Throughout the meal, my other gracious friends let me sample their lobster gnocchi and separately, the veal tortelloni. The flavors of each were intense and left me wanting to come back in the very near future to sample the rest of the menu. For dessert, I ordered the tiramisu which is standard for me. My partner, the goat cheese crème brûlée which was absolutely phenomenal. My only complaint was that I would've ordered an entire portion of that instead of my tiramisu which by the way was also very good. Overall, the entire dining experience seemed to go off without a hitch. It was nice in getting to experience good food with the company we were joined by. See you soon Lago. I'll definitely be back soon.
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2011,5/20/2011,40,92,,4,2>I've heard about this place forever, but it took a friend to help me find it. I knew it was right next to #1Pho, but where? Anyway, it's across the alley from #1 Pho (on the same side of Superior) and only accessible from the back of the building. Despite the odd location, this place was packed at lunch. And I can see why. It's the best Pho Thai I've ever had. After another visit where everything was excellent, this place gets another star. I'm out of stars now. Oh, and everything is way more affordable than its neighbor. The only thing #1Pho has on this place is the decor. If you want to impress a date with a nice looking restaurant, then Superior Pho is slightly less than its namesake. But wow, the value!
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2010,5/19/2011,298,127,12,6,7>Shooters is clearly a point of contention among booze hounds in this city, and I feel the time has come for me to weigh in. When you ask a local, or read any reviews about shooters all you seem to hear about is the glory days of the flats and how it used to be soooo much better. Well, that is all well and good but how does that help me now? It doesn't unless I have a time machine that will take me back to 1994. Even if I could back to this "hay day", I would be 10 years old and far more concerned with 007 Golden Eye on my N64. So in the name of not disrupting the space time continuum, I will discuss shooters as I see it today.I had heard about shooters for a good eight months before actually getting to go. I moved here late in the summer and by the time I got my bearings about me I had missed the window of decent CLE weather. I must say, I liked the joint for many reasons and have very little to complain about. I love the multitier patio and that offers bars, a dj both, and a live music stage. I like that there is a "dancefloor" and a more chill bar down below. The place has great space and superb stumbling around routes. If you really want to get out of the fray, the upper deck allows for excellent people watching and is quiet enough for a conversation with the object of your affection.I have seen this place get busier then any other bar in the CLE. I am talking packed to the gills with juicers, cougars, and all varieties of bar skanks and chodes. This makes it a fantastic booze drenched mixing bowl of debauchery. The problem with this lovely cornucopia of inebriation is that getting a drink requires murder or granting of favors that violate state laws. To help with this issue, shooters has multiple beers stands where your five bones will get you a tall boy in your hands on the quick. This fact has kept many of my buzzes alive and kicking despite the bar being six rows deep. In a nutshell, Shooters is Barley House sans roof in terms of overall experience.Shooters knows what it is, and does it well. It is a party bar and makes no apologies for it. My impulse is to give this bar 4 stars, but I can't come up with a reason to dock it one. On the other side, I am not so thrilled as to give it a 5th. Arbitrary value judgements aside, shooters is a hell of a good time. Just make sure you check the weather and your vaccination records before you go.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,5/18/2011,31,161,12,4,4>You're not a true Clevelander unless you've eaten at Sokolowski's.  I said it Cleveland!  Write your local congressman if you're offended. This is one of the best places to get authentic eastern european food.It's cafeteria style, it's reasonably priced, and it's european food!  Comfort food!!  Did your boyfriend just dump you?  Go to Sokolowskis!Did you lose your job?  That's ok, go to Sokolowskis!Are you going on a date?  Ok, don't go to Sokolowskis.  It's not that kind of place, unless your date has a sense of humor and doesn't mind strapping on the food bag on a first date.Go, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2010,5/17/2011,88,79,5,5,5>Yep, I'm a fan.I come here often before performances, as sometimes solid food isn't the best before singing and dancing. My next smoothie is on the house, as I've filled up my bonus card!They have an extensive menu, all of which can be boosted by their various boosts...I like flaxseed...lubes up those old joints of mine.My favorite smoothie isn't on their menu...they have a bunch of under-the-counter smoothies that they can make...like the Banana Split. Add a flaxseed to this bad boy, and you're good to go.The store is remarkably clean, as are the bathrooms. It has a front porch which is kick-ass for sitting out and chilling...and it's open late!I've never had any of their food, and never will. I still can't understand why people would get food at a smoothie place...or a coffee place...but, to each their own.I can't give it five, but I assure anyone coming here that it's a quality joint...Robeks and Jamba Juice can eat it. Liquid Planet is the shiz.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,5/16/2011,263,228,10,4,7>Hello little fish you look so happy and fresh pink gill and clear eye. No contest when it comes to fresh fish in the Westside Market and the rest of Cleveland's seafood purveyors. Everything always looks, and is, fresh. Everything is clearly marked, and I do not see anything in the overfished/endangered category. As of late, the pink Florida gulf shrimp are excellent, but my absolute fave, when available, are real homemade crab cakes. My gawd are they good! $4 each, and totally worth it.Beware of the "krabcake" or "krabbycake" you find elsewhere. The spelling is the giveaway. If it is purposely misspelled it is not made with real crab, but imitation crab meat and/or surimi. Just like "bluberries", "razberries" or "I Can't Believe its Not Butter". Really? You can't believe it?Have you tasted it? I can totally believe it. -Although "Country Crock" is somewhat aptly named. Sweet irony...  These products are an affront to everything I hold gastronomically holy.But I digress. Kate's Fish does not disappoint.Carry on.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,5/15/2011,150,222,4,6,5>I cannot think of one negative thing to say about Chuppa's.  It is an amazing oasis of fresh fruits, veggies, and quality meats and cheeses smack dab in the middle of Parma of all places.  But why stop there.  Chuppa's is a Supermarket minus all the middle section crap that isn't good for us.  There is no freezer section here.  They don't need it.  They don't sell toiletries either.  There isn't enough room to make this that kind of one stop shop.  However, what it is, a local marketplace makes it well worth the trip.  You can get a basket of Ohio grown apples here, in season, for about 5.00.  I get things like kale for 99 cents, a giant bag of romaine for $1.99,  Tri-colored peppers for about $3.00, mushrooms for less than $2.00.  It's like a tiny West Side Market on Pearl Road.  The meats aren't that much more expensive than a Giant Eagle but the cut, the color, the marbling make it worth the potential buck you might pay per pound.  The steaks are uniformly cut, and a deep red.  You can tell this stuff is as fresh as you can get off the farm.  Lunch meat?  What kind do you want?  They have tons of it.  They carry the Boars Head brand as well which is not too common round these parts.  They always have so sort of special going too in the deli case.  They don't have the cheese selection of one of the bigger stores but for what they have it is A+.  The daily soup choices are awesome.  The chicken paprikash is out of this world and I have yet to stray from it when picking up a soup to go.  You can sample the soups of which they have 3 made fresh daily to see what kind you like best.  They have pizza and calzones to go as well in the prepaded world of Chuppa's.  In the summer they run a couple grills out front where they serve up brats, burgers, ribs, chicken, and grilled veggies.  All are affordable, cooked to order and delicious.  They have prepared dinners to go like stuffed cabbage, mac and cheese, city chicken and stuffed peppers just like your grandma made if not better.  They have a decent selection of local fresh breads to go along with your luncheon meats, and burgers.  They have some bulk candy and nut items, some bags of chips, and a few HFCS free craft soda options.  They have some of your staples like pickles, kraut, pierogies, olives and the like.  They carry Gold Rush and Great Lakes smokies.  They also have 1/4 pound dogs and even Tony Paco's hot dogs for sale.  They have some rice, pasta, granola and dry staples as well, but the majority of the store is fresh wholesome food.  They have some incredible local made dessert options from cheesecake to babka (the chocolate variety just for Jerry Seinfeld).  The staff is always busting their butts and remain friendly even at the busiest times, like today for example when everyone was loading up on Super Bowl foods.  They had tons of samples out of all of their fresh made dips.  Which reminds me they will let you sample anything at the deli counter if you ask.  This place rocks my world and is worth the trip from Westlake.  If you haven't tried this place out do yourself a favor and venture into the land of white socks and flamingos soon and see why I rave about this place.  Every time I go in I find something new and a deal on something or another.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,5/14/2011,104,314,1,4,3>Where to begin?My wife and I went to see the Cleveland Orchestra at Severance Hall recently.  I haven't been to Severance Hall but once, and that was during a  fourth grade field trip.  So I've been looking forward to visiting again for quite some time.Severance Hall is just beautiful.  You have to see it!  The architecture and marble finishes are just amazing.  And the theater, astounding!  It's worth the $100 or so that you pay for a decent seat, but then again, I don't think there is a bad seat in this house.The Cleveland Orchestra has an amazing sound, especially when playing at Severance Hall.  I enjoy listening to classical music and to see it live is just a heavenly experience for me.  During our visit, Jun Märkl was the guest conductor, and Leonidas Kavakos was the guest violinist.  Both were awesome at their respective crafts.  Leonidas played with no music sheets the entire time, which was very impressive.I hope to visit more often.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2011,5/13/2011,342,426,3,8,5>Mmmmm. Better than Five Guys, hands down.After raving about how delicious Five Guys was, my friend recommended that I try Burger Nuts in Willoughby. Burger what? And where?Off I drove to Willoughby, in search of a heart warming fast food burger. After passing the location a couple of times (there's a lot of signs on the road at night...for some reason I couldn't find it too easily), I finally made it in.Walking into Burger Nuts looked like a replica of Five Guys. Free peanuts and even the menu was similar (although it looked like Burger Nuts had better desserts). I ordered the #1 and sat down.Man, was that burger a great burger. Unlike Five Guys, the burger patties were PLUMP. There was two plump patties (making it 1/2 a lb?), with bacon, spicy jack, and all the condiments as well as their special Burger Nut sauce. And the BUN of that burger. It was so nicely toasted and reminded me of Chinese buns bread- not the normal smashed down buns of fast food restaurants of today.And on top of that, there are choices for FRIES. Chili fries, cajun fries, the list goes on. I definitely got the sweet potato fries. Mmmmmm.I didn't finish my burger. I was stuffed. At Five Guys, I devoured the whole thing. But at Burger Nuts, the burger was just too plump and juicy for me to finish it. MMMMM.If you're looking for a solid fast food burger, definitely go to Burger Nuts over Five Guys. Any day.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,5/12/2011,28,60,5,6,6>Words barely serve to do this experience justice. I say experience because I didn't just dine here at Momocho, I experienced Momocho.Normally at a restaurant, I'm hesitant to try what others recommend. I want to have my own tastes develop and decide for myself what makes something great. Here, I couldn't help it, based on what others had said was good -- everything!We started as you ought to, with the Guacamole sampler and ice cold beers. The traditional was amazing, the blue cheese and garlic confit divine. The goat cheese lacked a certain panache, but, it was not for lack of trying. We nearly made the mistake of filling ourselves full with just the guacamole, though we calmed ourselves down, our voracious appetites begging us for just one more bite after one more bite. We sampled a margarita flight, and fell in love with each flavor. The tequila was amazingly smooth and complimented our traditional, pineapple and mango margaritas.And then, it was time for our entrees, and not a moment too soon. My wife ordered the machaca, and it was amazing. The beef was cooked just to the point where the collagen broke down, and created it's own sauce with the coffee and ancho, the peppers and onions. Our dining partners had the pato (roasted duck) and the bistec, each one as good as the last. I ordered the carnitas and sat amazed as hundreds of flavors danced across my palate. The green sauce was exquisitely vegetal and earthy, and the brown hot sauce amazingly hot and sweet at the same time. The crown jewel of the evening was just around the corner, and I was ready for it as I looked my server in the eye and ordered the cucumber margarita.I was hesitant to drink a fruit I hate. I don't like cukes, and I doubt I ever will. But, this? This drink made simply of tequila and cucumber juice sang to me as I sipped it carefully. The first sip was as though I'd died and gone to heaven. I almost trembled and fell to my knees to praise El Santo, who hovered above us, just by the kitchen. I felt like crying out in a Harry Met Sally-esque embarassment, screaming 'YES!' over and over. And those who'd tasted this brilliance in an eight ounce glass would likely have forgiven my intrusion on their meals.I will admit that I couldn't make it to the fried ice cream, though I watched as my wife and our guests tore it apart voraciously. I wanted to try, but, I just didn't have the strength.The experience was wonderful. Our server -- Eric B. -- helped our first time to be something we weren't expecting, which is an experience that while clueless, never felt as though we knew nothing. He took a few moments to describe the menu, and nodded with vigor at each choice, making each of us feel like we'd ordered the best thing off the menu. We sat just in front of the kitchen and watched as this busy restaurant placed order after order, the chefs never too busy, never too rushed, knowing that good food takes time and people would wait.I want to go again. Tomorrow. And everyday after that.
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,5/11/2011,140,180,,12,10>Amazing ice cream in a beautiful park near a lovely beach. It's not summer until you've had a cone there! The ice cream is made with a touch of honey (hence the name) , so it is rather complex. Don't be afraid to try banana or orange blossom-- there is nothing artificial or cloying about either. Of course I am hard pressed to order anything but chocolate pecan. They have sundaes as well. Don't be intimidated by long lines. The staff is very friendly and efficient (and will even mix flavors!) so the line goes quickly.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,5/10/2011,178,155,8,15,11>Definitely something for everyone.I was always big fan of Cyndy's old place, Suite Lorain. I still have the vinyl black and silver ottoman I got from there in my living room. Deering Vintage is just as swank, if not even swankier (is that even a word?).The space is huge and well lit and everything is laid out beautifully. Items are arranged neatly by color and subject. Nothing is worse than going into a vintage shop and everything is piled on top of each other in no particular order. This is a must stop on the Tremont Art Walk circuit. You are just about guaranteed to find a unique must-have item. I know I've found a bunch!
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2010,5/9/2011,42,186,6,2,3>My wife and I went to Melt simply because the whole idea of it is something we had to try. We saw it on DDD (Food Channel) and went while on a trip to Cleveland.Keeping it short, I thought the food was incredible and the atmosphere is very fun. I love a good grilled cheese and the certainly know how to turn it into a gourmet meal. I had the Parmageddon and my wife had the Westside Monte Cristo. Both were fabulous but my wife's was better in my opinion. The berry preserves were AWESOME! The only thing that kept me from rating it 5-stars is that the wait to eat is ridiculous. We went around 1pm and there was only one couple ahead of us. We waited an hour to be seated and then over 45 minuted for our food to come to the table after that. The food was good but I'd have a hard time justifying the time it takes to eat there on a frequent basis.Oh, and avoid the bathrooms at all costs! They smell like outhouses and look just as bad. In fact they are so seedy that they are very reminiscent of rape nightmares and it appears as if they encourage graffiti in the stalls... which give very descriptive narratives of what will occur in said rape nightmares.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2010,5/8/2011,25,26,2,4,6>I was very impressed with Erie Island Coffee today. The new location in Erie Island is clean, well run, free wifi and very comfortable to be in. I am VERY into the clear garage door they had open, making the patio feel connected and the shop spacious. It kind of reminds me of what Paralax does in their outdoor space.The Sumatra was good, maybe a little too hot for my tastes, but I know most people seem to like their coffee too hot (except for that lady that won the lawsuit against McDonalds). What else? I really like that they have a few veggie dishes on the menu and next time I am there I will hit the Hummus and Veggie sandwich. I heard 2 people say they "loved the veggie light," but I am avoiding cream cheese these days. Drink Local, Caffeinate Global.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,5/7/2011,114,56,1,5,4>Those of you who know me will find this as no big surprise but Greenhouse Tavern is to me, the best restaurant in Cleveland. I tend to dine there at least once a week and so I feel very qualified not only to speak to the quality of the food but also the consistency.  Chef Sawyer believes strongly in sourcing as much of their ingredients locally as possible and as a result butchers their animals in-house as much as possible.  Due to these philosophies their menu changes fairly frequently a few items at a time based on the availability of certain items.  Large menu changes occur usually around the change in the seasons.  The last thing to remember about the menu is that it is French inspired so while it may sound intimidating upon first glance, don't let that scare you away.  As you may have learned from reading my other reviews I'm a very adventurous eater. I have yet to find something on a menu that would scare most people out the door, that I wouldn't be willing to try.  How does this relate to Greenhouse?  In their quest to use as much of the animal as possible they end up with some very creative, tasty dishes. While there isn't typically anything on the menu at first glance that may scare you away except for pig's head there is a hidden treasure amongst the deliciousness that many don't even notice. That item is the "Fifth Quarter" changing just about daily, this is my favorite menu item and a large reason that Greenhouse is my favorite restaurant.  You may ask, how can it be your favorite dish if it changes daily?  The fact that it changes and is always something new, creative and delicious available makes it a perfect choice for me.  So what exactly is the fifth quarter? It is traditionally offal that is kept by the butcher to cook at home.  I've had everything from beef or pork tongue, to chicken necks and Ox heart.  All of which you would surely find delicious if you didn't know what it was ahead of time.I could go on about everything I've had at Greenhouse but considering I virtually try every menu item at every change of the menu I could write a book.  Instead I'll hit up the staples that typically don't change a whole lot.  First I'll start with.....Starters, after all it is the logical place to start right? Foie Gras Steamed Clams and Devils on Horseback (Bacon wrapped and chocolate stuffed dates) are always fan favorites of not just myself but all those I know who have gone. The salads are always very fresh and delicious. The taste makes it evident that the ingredients didn't have to travel far to get to your plate.  Time for the entrees.  While there is sometimes a pasta on other parts of the menu, such as seconds all of the pastas I've had are excellent, try them. You may not think of it as a place to get great pasta, but I've had some of the best pasta dishes EVER here, don't discount that. The roasted half chicken is a very popular item but "buyer beware" the thing is huge, it could easily be shared between two people, it is unlike any roasted chicken you will ever have.  The Pig's head is another great choice. Don't think pig's head though. Think the most tender, juicy pulled pork of your life.  That's basically what we are talking about here.  If you are in the mood to splurge and it is still on the menu (it is a fairly new item not sure if it will change or not yet) you must try the 40 Day Dry Aged Steak Frites. This is the Certified Angus Beef from Niman Ranch, super tender and flavorful but don't bother if you are going to order it any more done than medium, you are just wasting your money. (I feel that way about any steak, order something else before you order it medium well or well.)Another can't miss item that is great to share with your meal or as something to munch on over a few drinks is the Frites aka French Fries. Whether you get the ones with garlic and rosemary, which are great, or go all out for the Animal Style Frites, complete with fried egg, cheese curd, gravy, whole grain mustard, fried eggs and bacon, you'll leave a happy man or woman, guaranteed. As for desserts, there is always a Jeni's ice cream flavor which if you've never tried Jeni's Ice Cream out of Columbus, OH it is a great choice.  The dessert menu changes as frequently as the dinner menu so the current item that I'm in love with is the Cinnamon Roll Bread Pudding. I typically am not a huge bread pudding fan and I LOVE this. So if you are a fan of bread pudding there probably isn't much more I need to say about it.If you haven't been to Greenhouse Tavern, you must try it. The staff is always very friendly, the bartenders make great classic and creative drinks.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2010,5/6/2011,34,62,3,4,2>We drive nearly 20 miles to get burgers here.  Both burgers and fries are awesome.  They let you do all sorts of customization to your burger for no extra charge, and the options are extensive and tasty.  I highly recommend their garlic mayo on anything you order ... I often get extra to eat with my fries.  Yeah, it's a burger joint in the mall, and their food.will probably clog the arteries of a rhino, but even rhinos need to live it up from time to time, and this is a burger you'll think of fondly, each time you take your cholesterol medicine.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,5/5/2011,69,192,5,2,3>Amazing food!  This is definitely one of the best restaurants in Cleveland.I visited during restaurant week and my favorite dish, which I have yet to see recreated, was a duck tart with MacKenzie creamery goat cheese.  Good god, was it delicious.  Seriously, it was an orgasm in my mouth.    The more courses that came out (soups, salads, mains!, desserts) the more my appreciation for this place grew.  On my second visit, I went for a Sunday Supper.  I was NOT disappointed.  Their food is impeccable.  The staff is outstanding and the concept (I'm a locavore so this restaurant ranks very high with me) is genius.  Keep up the good work, Crop!
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2011,5/4/2011,145,54,4,8,6>Call me crazy, but I had always been slightly intimidated by this bar and the crowds I imagined it drew. . .That is, until this past Thursday night - I figured, what better occasion to muster up the courage to walk into Spitfire than when a good friend was hosting a Beer Tasting?As my friends and I found a booth by the bar, I was caught off guard by how comfortable I felt there - making me nostalgic for punk and ska shows at the old Grog Shop - the vibe was edgy without being too tough.  While sampling five craft beers and struggling to choose a pint (all for only $10 people!) we were very impressed with the selection and prices.  The Beer Tasting was actually such a success that Spitfire is going to be holding them on a monthly basis.Coincidentally (and conveniently), the Umami Moto food truck was parked in Spitfire's back lot. The staff at Spitfire was encouraging us to bring back the food we ordered inside so we could enjoy with our beer. Very considerate and very cool.One of my friends summed up Spitfire perfectly when he said: "This is what Garage Bar wishes it could be."
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2011,5/3/2011,38,37,1,3,2>This place is AMAZING!  I walked in to the most erotic, exotic, sensual smells I have ever smelled in my life.  It hung in the air, kind of like that after sex smell, but WAAAAAAY better.  If Heaven has a smell, it would be this store.My favorite thing from that store was the Vietnamese cinnamon.  I must have sniffed about 10 different kinds, and for whatever reason, this one stuck with me.  Now mind you, I rarely cook, and when I do, I have no need for the things they sell in this store.  HOWEVER, it was highly sexy to be around all of this good smelling stuff.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2011,5/2/2011,89,182,,3,1>I am not an art snob by any means.  But this guy does some amazing stuff.I attended art walks in Tremont this summer.  Most of what I saw was a bit boring to me even after a few Mojitos.This guys stuff is jaw dropping.  He uses wood burning, vegetable oils, and stain for most of the artwork.   Never seen anything like it.The artwork tells stories on many different levels.  I've Been the to gallery several times and I notice something different on each piece. He gave me permission to take some photos which I will upload once this review goes live.  I really can't put the art into words. The best way I can sum it up is WOW!So if your in the Asian Town Plaza grab a bite at the Asian Food Company and walk up stairs, I promise you will not be disappointed.
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2011,4/30/2011,88,296,7,8,8>Once again, we rented out to the top floor of the Clevelander.  This time it was for a Superbowl party.  Last time it was Halloween and the time before that it was a Holiday party.  Every time the manager has been more than helpful and the bartenders have been great.  It's a nice room where they provide table clothes, let us do what ever decorating that we want and they are generally overall accommodating.  Plus the room is nice and the view is spectacular!  For the Superbowl we ordered wings, meatballs, a sub and pizza as well as a keg of beer.  The food was all normal bar food, but I appreciated the small touches of offering blue cheese and ranch as well as the celery and the pizza had parm sprinkled over the top for extra flavor.   Plus at the end of the night the bartender packed everything up for us.  So...guess what I'm eating for lunch today!?I'd also like to give a shout-out to them for my Halloween party two years ago.  We had a headcount of 75 and umm...250 people showed up.  All night we were ordering keg after keg and they were bringing up pitchers of beer from downstairs because they couldn't handle the capacity with the one bartender we ordered (remember, we thought we were going to have 75 people there).  For the situation, I couldn't have had better management backing me up. The only down-sides to the Clevelander's party room - their third TV wasn't working so we couldn't watch Puppy Bowl.  Sad face.Bang for your buck - you can't do any better than the Clevelander's upstairs room.
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,4/29/2011,164,211,5,11,5>Well I disagree with most of the reviews for Guarinos, because I still think you guys should give it a try if you are looking for truly authentic Italian food. Lasagna and cannelloni are both excellent, and for $14 you do leave pretty full. I went here for Valentine's day and I couldn't have been happier with their adorable setup and specials going on, some may call it tacky, but I call it homey...I first found out about Guarinos on a school field trip, ironically enough the owner said how romantic it would be to come with your date sometime, so I did a few months later and it definitely lived up to my expectations. I'm not giving five stars because my first experience with the manicotti was not the best, quite small in my opinion. But yesterday made up for it. Again, as mentioned, I really appreciate the history along with this restaurant too. Being the oldest restaurant and family owned business in Cleveland is pretty cool. So guys, andare a mangiare!
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,4/28/2011,55,83,,3,1>I've been wanting to try Antonio's for awhile now and when a relative suggested we meetup for 'Pizza and salad' I was semi-enthused.  Salads don't really get my motor running if you know what I mean. Right when we walked in I noticed something.  When was the last time you went to a restaurant and smelled the food?  I can't remember.  The smell of Italian cuisine and pizza was amazing.We ordered a antipasta salad that was supposed to feed four.   It was huge.   I never in a million years thought these words would ever come from my mouth,  but they did: "That was a delicious salad".  I'm not saying it turned me vegetarian or would make me consider salads as real food...  but it was very good!    We had on it their Antonio's Italian dressing and it had a unique sweetness to it.   The salads eggs,  ham,  and olives were yummy.  The pizza was good, the service was friendly. I'm looking forward to going back and trying something else SOON.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2011,4/27/2011,13,58,,4,1>Amazing cheesesteak hoagie.  OMG, just like the Hoagie Hut in Chicago!  The loaded fries and wings were a hit with us as well.  Can't wait to try the pizza.  My g/f picked up our order last night and said the pizza looked awesome!  Thank you thank you thank you Westshore.  Just moved to Parma from Chicago 4 months ago and have been on the search, high and low, for my go to take out place.  Just found it last night!  Oh, and the service was incredibly friendly and helpful....even though they were slamming busy she took time to make sure our order was taken and made correctly!  Thanks Westshore in N Royalton!
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2011,4/26/2011,27,32,1,3,2>On a sleepy Monday afternoon, I found myself in Lakewood for a business meeting.  We needed lunch, but we also needed a place that wasn't so loud that we had to shout over each other.  We strolled into Deagan's Kitchen and we were just so happy that there were plenty of guests, but it wasn't loud.  Once we got the formalities out of the way, let's talk about food.  I am pretty sure our server said the chef cooking today was Greek.  She spouted a name which, if spelled, was nearly 25 letters long. The special was a lamb gyro.  I had to have it.  I was not disappointed.  If a Greek man couldn't put out a great gyro, no one could.  This is a place not to be missed.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,4/25/2011,11,20,4,4,1>Here's the key: Starve yourself for a few days before visiting this establishment.The worst possible occurance that can happen when going out to eat is still feeling hungry when you leave.  Well, put your fears aside at this place.  First there is a decent buffet which includes pasta, fish, and mussels.  As a newbie at this place, I made the rookie mistake of filling up on buffet food.  After the buffet, the waiters hit you rapid fire style with 16 different kinds of meats.  I was so full from the buffet that I barely got through the first 3 meats.  The rest looked good, but I didn't try them as I was already full and I didn't want to unnecessarily kill more animals.  The group I went with stayed and sat there for a few hours, but even hours later I could not stuff myself with more meat.The place is a bit more expensive at around $40 per person after tax, but it's well worth it if you can eat like the food eating champion, Takeru Kobayashi.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,4/24/2011,47,104,8,6,6>Have a sweet tooth? This is most decidedly your bakeryCupcakes are amazing here- Recommend as the perfect thank-you gift. A half-dozen cupcakes with run you $15 and they're definitely worth your investment.The Red Velvet and Strawberry cupcakes are currently trending number one and two, respectively, for me with PB Lovers as my dark horse.When I moved to Cleveland, I almost moved into an apartment directly above A Cookie & A Cupcake but passed on the opportunity. My ignorance towards AC&AC's confectionery contributions probably saved me from packing on at least 20lbs.These cupcakes are guaranteed to bring a smile to the face of whoever they touch.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2010,4/23/2011,137,196,3,6,3>Wow.. What a great bar. So easily missed. They have their own private parking lot which is free and for a downtown/college campus bar in Cleveland.. thats downright stellar! I went after work and had a few drinks with friends whilst also sampling their wings. The wings were fantastic although a quick warning.. this is one of those places that thinks mild sauce is BBQ. That was a little disappointing but the quality and size of the wings were great. $2.50 well drinks for Happy Hour were definitely a hit with us. I have heard so much about the burgers and the wraps so i will just have to return and try one. One downfall was i was that both on the way in and the way out i was hit up by a homeless gentleman for an entire laundry list of items. Change, Cigarette and my personal favorite "Man i am so hungry, how about you just buy me a beer." This is no fault of the bar and since we love in a city hard hit by the recession, this is going to happen anywhere. The inside of the bar is so typical of a college bar that it actually feels comfortable and familiar. Great for large groups going out or just two of you at the bar. Give it a shot.. its super cheap.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,4/22/2011,67,157,3,9,6>Don't know a lot about the Waterloo neighborhood but I was starving and wanted to stop someplace in the area.  My trusty Yelp app pointed out this place and I'm glad it didEveryone always talks about Hot Sauce Williams and how amazing it is but the ambiance leaves little to be desired.  Being dirty is not charming.  It does not add character.That's why I think B&M is better.  Everything about this place was surprising in the best possible way.  You can see the smoke as your driving down the street beckoning you to the parking lot.  The smokers are always in action.  As you step out the delicious smell of meat greets you.  You walk in the doors and the place is immaculate.  I mean spotless.  There's no place to sit but it's designed so you can see what's going on in the kitchen through the bulletproof glass.  I tried the chicken wings and the shoulder sandwich.  For about 5 bucks you get a generous portion of deliciously tender shoulder slathered in homemade BBQ sauce and covered in slaw.  The BBQ sauce was tangy and light and the slaw was the perfect compliment to the shoulder. The fried chicken wings were big, crispy and full of meat.  Definitely better than wings from actual wing places.This was a great experience and I would definitely go out of my way to go here again.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,4/21/2011,10,87,,3,3>Have you ever been to a steakhouse where the head chef comes out, draws a picture of the cow on the menu & explains to you the piece of meat that you're going to be eating?  It was Steak 101 & a valuable lesson for my future steakhouse visits.Both the appetizers & the steaks were great, my only complaint is that there were only 2 people on staff & we had to frequently wait for our drinks to be filled & our plates to be cleared.  I've never been to Red nextdoor, but I hear that it's 1 step up from Moxie.  This place is a nice steakhouse, a step up from outback & a step down from Ruth's Chris.  If you're in the area & looking for a nice steak, check it out.
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,4/20/2011,143,231,4,3,3>Nobody has reviewed this yet? UM, YOU'RE WELCOME. On the search for another brunch spot on a Sunday morning I used my handy little iphone app and found this gem. Thank you iPhone because I LOVE this place. It's on the smaller side tucked into a random shopping center in The Valley. When we first went I thought it would smell of booze and cigarettes from the hard parties the night before but no, very much the opposite. There has always been a wait on the weekends but so worth it. The service is awesome and the food even better! The eggs benedict is my favorite and they have awesome hashbrowns. WIN, WIN, WIN! Cash only though :) Go and thank me later!
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,4/19/2011,9,21,,2,1>The Beach Club is such a great little place, been here several times for dinner & this was a first for lunch!.Things that make me happy on a lazy Saturday afternoon... mmm really good food that involves gooey cheese and interesting combos; good beers on tap, good ambiance. Lunch was great - fab service, no screaming children, easy going kind of food. Started with BBC Bourbon Stout, a heady, foamy slightly spicy stout on tap. truly yum & good for you too. Moved onto the cheese sticks. Now wait, i know u are thinking,"come on,  cheese sticks"? It is insulting to call them that - these are hand breaded hunks of random cheese... one had an olive layer in the cheese, the next a nutty swiss... all good cheese. I had to have a pizza with my faves, and the man had his. Me = artichoke hearts, roasted red pepper & smoked mozz. His = pepperoni + sausage.Results? Fantastic. I had to fight for the last piece of MY pizza later :)
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2011,4/18/2011,68,481,3,3,3>I went in here with a friend after debating for a few weeks.  We knew we wanted to go, we were just never sure of the hours, or in the mood.  This place rocked our socks off!! The woman working the counter was friendly and welcoming, as well as attentive and helpful.  We were going to pay ahead, but she told us, "I think you guys might want to share a dessert later" and smiled.  That sold me.  If someone tries really hard to sell something to me, I don't want it, but she cooly suggested it and it was all over for me.   I knew we would have a dessert and I knew I would enjoy my meal. I had the artichoke, pesto, and ricotta crepe and was floored by it!  My friend had the goat cheese one and it was just as delicious!  When we were done, we knew we had to do it: desserts.  We got the french dark chocolate crepe and probably embarrassed ourselves moaning over how rich and perfect it was. I'm definitely going back soon! ...well after I work off all of that cheese and chocolate :)
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2011,4/17/2011,8,14,,2,1>Excellent!!! You will not be disappointed with anything you order. I started with the hummus. It was smooth and creamy and full of flavor. I also had the falafel with a salad and was blown away with how good it was! I had the kazandibi for desert which is a custard-like dessert and again it was phenomenal! The restaurant itself if super clean and the staff was wonderful. Simply amazing!
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,4/16/2011,63,147,,3,2>Niko's doesn't have a lengthy multi-page menu nor does it confuse itself by offering Greek & Lebanese items. Niko's offers a one page menu of very well made & excellently presented truly Greek offerings. Nestled at the center of Lakewood restaurant row this place is doing great Greek food. We had the baked Feta with warm soft pita triangles for appetizer. The cheese was baked just right to the right melt factor with right mix of tomato. The Lamb Shank entree was to die for with perfect flavor and melt in your mouth trendiness. The green beans made in traditional Greek style was not at all overpowering in garlic or tanginess. The bar tender, Nathan, made me a Cucumber martini upon request - though not on the menu - thoughtfully added his signature to it - floating a sweet liqueur at the bottom - check out the pic I uploaded for this restaurant. We also tried the Mousaka - one of the better ones I've had in some time. This eggplant & spiced ground beef layered combo was mouth watering.  Our server - Ariana was attentive, friendly & checking up on us just at the right times throughout our meal ( I hate it when you just took a bite & the server comes over and asks how does everything taste). Niko's is definitely multi repeat place for me. There are several other staple Greek dishes I can't wait to taste, from their menu. If the quality is consistent I can't imagine why I wouldn't expect an excellent time the next time.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2010,4/15/2011,8,30,2,3,2>God I love Tommy's.  I spent years scouring Chicago for a comparable veg restaurant and came up with nothing.  Tommy's is THAT good.Favorites:CeebeeMR4QuinnElsie ComboExtra thick mint chocolate chip milkshakesTommy's is one of the foremost reasons that I don't mind trekking it to Cleveland Heights four times a week for work.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2010,4/14/2011,9,256,2,7,3>After reading the review of Zinc from the local newspaper's internet site, I felt compelled to write about my own experience.  I do caution, however, that I am in no way representing that my visit to Zinc was typical.  Still, given the newspaper's disappointing review of 2 out of 4 stars, I think my own review can, at the very least, highlight what a great place Zinc can be.Background: As part of a celebratory dinner, three friends and I decided to partake in Zinc's tasting menu.  The first hurdle, however, was that Zinc did not offer a tasting menu.  Because of the occasion, we tried contacting the restaurant--initially by e-mail, no less--to see if they would be willing to make arrangements, which ended up being a seven course tasting menu with the additional proviso that one of the guests was a vegetarian.  What followed was an outstanding culinary experience unrivaled even among top Cleveland restaurants.First course: Royal Miyagi Oysters with red verjus / Vegetarian Puff Pastry with tomato vinaigrette.  I am no connoisseur of oysters, but I thought this was a great way to start the meal and at the same time feature the restaurant's raw bar.Second course: Beef Tartar / Beet Tartar.  What I really enjoyed about this course was the vegetarian substitution--nothing wrong with a little tasty word play during a meal.  It also highlighted Chef de Cuisine Michael Gorman's overall planning to make a "regular" tasting menu and a vegetarian tasting menu that complimented each other.Third course: Squash Blossom - goat cheese, mascarpone, lemon-orange zest, and basil served over tomato, capers, and olives.  A very complex taste and, according to our waiter, one of the more difficult things to prepare on our tasting excursion.Fourth course: Grilled Melon Salad - pork belly, shrimp, ginger, harrissa vinaigrette, mint, pickled onions and arugula. / Vegetarian Grilled Melon Salad - ginger, harrissa vinaigrette, mint, pickled onions, arugula, goat cheese, and heirloom tomatoes.  My favorite dish of the night.  The pork belly was delicious, and the grilled melon was excellent--combining the disparate but familiar sweet taste of the melon with the smoky taste from a grill.Fifth course: Wild Mushroom and Spinich Crepe - pea and carrot salad with a truffle vinaigrette and carrot emulsion.  I thought the presentation on this dish, with the crepes on top of the carrot emulsion and topped with the pea and carrot salad, was the best of the night.Sixth course: Lobster-Bacon Risotto with summer corn and celery leaves / Wild Mushroom Risotto.  Lamentably, by this point in the meal, I was starting to lose steam--and just as we were hitting the main entrees.  So, unfortunately, the Lobster-Bacon Risotto seemed a little heavy to me.  And even more unfortunate was...Seventh course: Short Ribs with creamed spinach and chef's garden vegetables / Fettucini with parmesan truffle cream sauce.  The Short Ribs were extremely good--incredibly tender and tasty.  I think it's a testament to just how good the Short Ribs were that, completely stuffed by six prior courses, I still finished them (albeit, I could only peck at the creamed spinach and garden vegetables).Eighth course: Bread Pudding with golden raisins, candied pecans, and bourbon butter.  When I first heard that the chef added an eighth course, I really had my doubts whether I could muster even a little more appetite to take in another dish.  It felt like I had just completed a marathon (of food), only to find that I needed to go back to pick up something I had dropped three miles back.  When I heard the course was Bread Pudding, I felt like I would be running those three miles carrying a piano on my back.  Fortunately, the opposite was true:  The Bread Pudding came across fairly light and was a great end to a long but spectacular meal.I do not give out five star reviews often.  I try to stick to the standard of a Michelin three-star restaurant: an exceptional experience worth a special journey.  Alas, I am no Michelin reviewer, and even if those reviewers deigned to visit our humble city, they would probably hold close their sought-after stars for their own miserly safekeeping.  But, in my opinion, given the care that Chef Quick and Chef Gorman put into the experience, the excellence in the food--in taste, presentation, and creativity--as well as the superb service, Zinc certainly merits five stars.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,4/13/2011,36,127,,8,5>Lemonberry is a trendy, locally owned frozen yogurt shop. They have a variety of frozen yogurts, sorbets, and toppings to fit whatever you are in the mood for. The flavors change every Sunday and if you follow them on twitter (lemnberry) you can find out what their flavors for the week will be. You pay by the ounce and the fro-yo pours out fast (your creation usually ends up to be about $4) :) The shop has indoor seating for approximately 30 and a separate party room available for special occasions.You will most likely become a frequent buyer so make sure you ask for a punch card.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,4/12/2011,78,264,5,6,4>Best Chinese takeout I've ever had. It's a tiny hole-in-the-wall place. We call it 'Richie Chinese' because one time for about 2 months, the half of the sign that says 'Chan's Restaurant' was burned out.  Nobody cared. There is nothing fancy about this place at all. But that's the best part. No bathroom, cash only, mish-mash handwritten menu tacked to the wall, half of it in Chinese - all of this adds to the aura. When you get your food, you'll understand. They just don't give a crap about the decor, your credit card, or the fact that the 'special of the day' was the special 4 years ago and every day since then because they are too busy kicking ass at making Chinese food.All your favorites are here - Kung Pao is awesome! But also some less common items as well (salty hot pepper shrimp, salty fish fried rice, and a whole section of black bean sauce dishes.) We love this place and get their takeout every couple of weeks when we're feeling lazy. Huge portions, fresh ingredients and an orange with every order!They do have some seating and I've seen real live Asian people eating in there almost every time we go - usually a good sign for me.The owners are a super cute husband-wife team and they do a fantastic job. My favorite part is when you order, the lady turns around and barks out the order in Chinese to her husband who never says a word or looks over, just keeps busting it out at the stove.Great service, awesome food. Check it out!
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2010,4/11/2011,110,405,6,5,6>This is a cool store, true believers. The name is not in reference to Lebron's shoe company and their labor practices, but is a testament to the kid in everyone that never grows up. This cute gaming store is right in downtown Berea. The name on the front window is in Star Wars font. That explains why all they sell is Star Wars toys and a couple other collectibles. Oh, and Magic the gathering cards. Lots of them! There are several tables set up for gaming, which was in full swing when i stopped in on a Saturday morning. Comic books, not so much. They have a few. But that's okay, because i don't really buy comics anymore. I just wanted some kind of toy. The interior walls are brick, they have snacks and refreshments and the employees are very cool and not intimidating like record store geeks. I weaved through several speech impediments and ugly DC action figures until i found a gem. I bought a pint glass featuring one of my favorite characters, Moon Knight. Funny story about Moon Knight, a lesser Marvel hero. He is dressed all in white with a hood and a cape. As an eccentric child, i decided to dress up as him for Halloween. I got not one, but several "are you a Klan member?" queries that night. Trust me, he does not look like a Klan member. I also bought a Super Mario energy drink. I figure what else could be more of a power up than that? Very cool location and open early(11 am). Excelsior!
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,4/10/2011,30,393,,5,3>Upgrading my review to 5 stars! Held my 30th birthday party at Wonder Bar last night and had an amazing time. Their new chef whipped up an amazing custom menu for my event. I'm a picky vegetarian, and he was able to create multiple vegan and vegetarian items that my meat eating friends even enjoyed. The manager - Andrea - was so nice and accommodating and did a great job to make sure my event went off without a hitch! There happened to be a jazz band playing, and it helped to make the night even more special. I highly recommend Wonder Bar if you're looking for a nice little place to grab some food or drinks - or if you're looking to hold a private event. The staff will take great care of you!
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,4/9/2011,5,22,5,4,5>If I were a condemned man, and had to pick one last meal before getting strapped into "Old Sparky,"  it would be a hot dog and tots from the Happy Dog.I've been to the Happy Dog about 50 times since discovering it a little over a year ago.  Each and every time, I have a great experience!The Food - The menu couldn't be more straightforward, or more overwhelming all at the same time.  There are 4 main items: hot dogs, shockingly good veggie dogs, tater tots and fries.  Easy enough.  However, there are 50 really great toppings to chose from, in any quantity and combination you want.  Ketchup and mustard?  Check!  Peanut butter and spicy jelly? Check.  Bacon, egg, cheese with chipotle hollandaise?  Check!  For first timers, I suggest you follow the "Suggestive Wieners" cards, as you tend to experience some sort of "topping overload" with your first dog.  Then, work your way around the menu.  And at some point...do try peanut butter on a dog...it's shockingly good!  Really!The Bar - The bar is well stocked with dozens of great draft beer selections, and the coolers have dozens more in cans and bottles.  They also have an extensive liquor selection.  Their Sunday Bloody Mary selection is top notch! Perfect for a little "hair of the dog" on a Sunday morning.  Despite the great selection of beers, my barley soda of choice is almost always the 16oz can of PBR.  Yes, I know it's the hip, new, old, beer that the kids are drinking today in their "cool-guy hats," (of which I am not one of them!)  And I'm normally a beer snob, but it just "seems right" to be drinking a PBR and scarfing down a dog.The Staff - The staff at the Happy Dog couldn't be nicer!  They are always on their game, no matter how crazy crowded this place gets.  Always friendly and helpful and the service is generally very fast.  When it's a bit slower, like a weekend lunchtime, the bartenders are very friendly, and talk to you as if you are their best customer...even if it's your first time there.The Entertainment - This is a really fun place to see a band.  While a little small, and you're practically on-top of the stage if you're in once of the booths or floor seats...or 1/4 of the bar seating, for that matter...it's a really great place for live music.  A great mix of music too...blues, honky-tonk country, rock...I think they even had members of the Cleveland Orchestra playing one night!  And, of course, for the "Polka Happy Hour with DJ Kishka."  Once a month, a local musician transforms himself into the great "DJ Kishka" and spins old polka records for 3 hours.  Think it sounds lame?  Then stay away.  It's without question, the silliest thing I have ever seen.  The crowd is great, a mix of 20-somethings on up to 80 year old Polish grandparents...everyone singing and drinking...and drinking.  But a warning for the kids!  Kishka "works blue" after about an hour, so please...stay at home.  It is a bar, after all...who brings kids to a bar?  I love this place!  A true Cleveland gem!
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,4/8/2011,64,154,3,7,5>Sweet Moses, which opened towards the end of March, is yet another business that adds to the neighborhood's historic charm. Named after Moses Cleaveland, Sweet Moses is an old-fashioned "soda fountain and treat shop" that takes its patrons back to the days that most of us only know from our grandparents' childhood stories and from black-and-white photographs. While it is true that developments and innovations in food have led to richer and more interesting dining experiences over the years, one cannot deny that going 'back to basics" every now and then is a valuable and comforting experience. My wife and I attended Sweet Moses' grand opening celebration on March 26. When we arrived, the line stretched out the door. I tend to view large crowds at dining establishments as somewhat of a necessary evil. Without a steady stream of customers, even the best restaurants operated by the finest chefs in America will be forced to close their doors. (One only needs to look westward to the sad closing of Bar Symon in Avon Lake to remember that delicious food offered at reasonable prices by one of America's most decorated chefs doesn't mean anything if people don't patronize the establishment.) Plus, we bumped into several great friends from the past and present during the wait...and what's more enjoyable than running into friendly faces at the soda fountain? I'm sure that there won't always be a long wait at Sweet Moses, but even if there is, don't let it deter you from going.I was particularly impressed by the fact that the staff took great pains to keep all of those in the line happy and placated. Free samples were constantly being offered on the counter and by employees in classic "soda jerk" outfits. I was also impressed by the fact that the free samples were advertised to end at 3:00PM, but the staff continued to pass them out until we left at 5:00PM. By the time we left, we had been given: a peanut butter and bacon sandwich, several pieces of chocolate and cake batter bark, at least two bags of popcorn, several small cups of popcorn, and possibly something else that escaped my mind during my root beer-float induced food coma. Sweet Moses' care and concern for their customers cannot be understated; if they continue to provide outstanding customer service, the place will be open long enough for us to tell our grandchildren about our younger days at this establishment!The peanut butter and bacon sandwich was quite unique, and the bacon added saltiness without completely taking over the flavor of the sandwich. For those who don't like the unofficial meat of Cleveland, Sweet Moses offers a variety of additions to the good ole' peanut butter sandwich, such as nutella, cold fudge, potato chips, strawberry preserves, marshmallow crème, and crushed pineapple. Yum! The popcorn, which was homemade, came in a variety of flavors. I particularly enjoyed the cheese flavor.Let's talk about the sweets. Usually, cake batter flavors often err on the overly sweet side of the flavor spectrum; however, Sweet Moses' cake batter bark was fantastic and I felt like I was enjoying an actual piece of cake! My wife also enjoyed a piece of some sort of chocolate bark. For drinks, I had a "barrel float", which consists of Sweet Moses' homemade root beer topped with vanilla ice cream. Coke floats are also available for those of you who simply must have caffeine in everything! My wife had a cherry ice cream soda that was made with carbonated water, cherry syrup, and vanilla ice cream. Sweet Moses offers over 10 other ice cream soda flavors, all of which are made with pure cane syrup--no high fructose corn syrup here! Both of them were great, and they were definitely worth the wait.Time constraints, as well as a rapidly expanding waistline due to my wife's amazing cooking, keep us from coming here again before writing this review So, I'll leave it up to you to try the 10 flavors of homemade ice cream and various unique sundaes--all of which are named after Cleveland landmarks! Hopefully, the cold weather will leave us soon, but if it doesn't, it's also your job to stop in and let me know if you liked Sweet Moses' French press coffee and hot drinking chocolate.Sweet Moses has ample seating room, including several cute little tables for children. The seating area is decorated with various historical pictures of Cleveland. While the atmosphere is decidedly old-fashioned, I am pleased to say that Sweet Moses takes credit cards, so you won't have to worry about running out of cash as you decide to buy just one last piece of homemade candy.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,4/6/2011,97,533,3,3,3>I really, really like it here. It's Tremont, but not the tiresome hipster Tremont. The ambiance is unbeatable, the service and crowd are friendly and warm, and food and beverages hit my sweet spots. My crowd had the potato pancakes accompanied by a fruit chutney, cheeseburgers, and the chorizo sandwich, all very good. Great selection of beers on tap, too.The night we were here, there was a fundraiser for a certain councilman, who shall remain nameless to protect his identity. The wonderful pear cider had been replaced for the event, which was a major bummer (I'm guessing they replaced it with Bud Lite or something equally gross, but I didn't want to ask for fear it would make me even angrier). AND they were gathering in the back room and preventing access to the bowling machine! So we had to go to Major Hoopples for some bar bowling after dinner, but that's another review...Long story short, I'd definitely go back for the food. And bar bowling.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,4/5/2011,71,94,3,8,2>I have been letting my eyebrows recover ever since my horrible experience at Jamila in Beachwood.  They still haven't completely returned to normal, but I needed someone to at least do something with my overgrown eye-weeds.  I saw a review for Vanity Lab pop up in my Yelp feed and decided to check it out.  I was able to make a same-day appointment on a Saturday (nice!) with Beverly.  She spent a few minutes consulting with me on how I envision my brows to look.  This was a welcome change from someone just going to town and ripping your face off.  Since my brows were in such disarray thanks to my threading experience, they were growing back unevenly.  Beverly did a wonderful job of cleaning them up and explaining that they aren't going to look 100% perfect just yet (yeah, my brows were THAT BAD) but with a little time and a good aesthetician, they would be brought back to the shape and thickness I preferred.  Thank you Beverly!The salon itself is very cute and I loved the shop in front.  From funky jewelry to organic hair products, they carry a fun array of odds and ends.  A perfect place to look for a unique gift or even a little treat for yourself.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,4/4/2011,43,95,3,7,3>This is seriously working it's way up to five star status.  I've been craving Italian food and although it's quite a popular cuisine, I have yet to find a reliable, reasonably priced italian joint.  I was so happy when I found Bianca's.  We almost didn't go based on the horrible presentation on their website.  Thank God the food looks much better in person and is absolutely delicious.  I like this place particularly because it had a fancy look to it, but we also didn't feel out of place in sweatshirts and jeans.  I ordered the baked ziti and my date ordered the chicken parm.  Love it.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,4/3/2011,24,27,,6,3>This review totally has the potential of being a five star guy. Considering that I can walk here from my house, it probably will be five plus very soon. I cannot wait to chill on the patio come spring. We went Saturday for the soft opening. As the first review says, the food out for sampling was definitely decent. I'm a big fan of ABC food and have to say that I think XYZ will live up to those standards. The chicken and waffles were delicious, mussels fresh, but not served with a sauce and the cheese was spectacular. I know that a cheese plate is basic and pretty difficult to mess up, but this was a stellar cheese plate. I do consider myself blessed with an expert cheese pallet. They kept the buffet stocked and fresh the whole time we were there. It was almost as if no one was eating. I did not get a chance to look at a food menu, so I'm looking forward to actually eating a meal there. One of the nice things about ABC is you can eat inexpensively with everything being under 8 bucks. I'm curious to see how reasonable XYZ will be. The place was small, and intimate. I enjoyed the diverse crowd. The back by the bar and walls outside the bathroom are a chalkboard so naturally chalk was available to graffiti. I had a good time leaving my marks on the bathroom door. As for the service... I was also pleased. We were greeted immediately and served while standing. There were not many tables and all were full. The servers continued to walk around and take orders.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2011,4/2/2011,167,334,3,5,5>Here's my update kids, YUM! My friends and I tried two mediums a few days ago. We went for the X-tra cheese with pepperoni, and the Greek Pizza (w/out olives). The Greek was a favorite for my friends who are feta-officianatos. I loved the Pepperoni, even if a tad on the salty side. The pizza's came w/ a pepperoncini on the side, a nice touch. We decided we will definitely be ordering again. Pizza King, lighten up on the Pepperoni Pizza salt, and add some fresh garlic to your toppings list and you may make the 5-star rating! Yay to George & the crew for bringing good Pizza to the Berea end of town!!!
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2011,4/1/2011,105,123,2,6,3>Bac gets major points for me because we didn't know their hours and showed up about 50 minutes before closing time.  Aside from a few people finishing up drinks at the bar, we were the only diners.  Not once during our meal did we feel that "We're closing! Get out!" vibe that sometimes happens when you arrive too close to closing.  Perfect service until we were ready to leave.We tried the pork rangoon (amazing!) and some kind of tempura sweet potato fries.  For entrees, two people I was dining with had a sweet shrimp dish - which was so, so good but definitely rich.  I tried the (boring, I know) orange chicken and it was also very good and unlike most orange chicken that I've had.The cocktail menu is interesting and I think between the three of us, we tried all of them. My favorites were one that is very chai-tea-like (the name escapes me) and the Tokyopolitan.  The ambiance is perfect.  I can't wait to go back.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,3/31/2011,364,514,7,8,4>Like my bestie Bobo said, and married but still smokin' Murray pointed out,  I had avoided the Nauti Mermaid for years because I assumed it was like all the other W. 6th hambone havens, but maybe worse because what's worse than sweaty meatheads slurping down crab legs? I was WRONG. Damn! I missed out on years of fun by letting my hambone hating, small headedness keep me away. Nauti Mermaid is not a club, it's not really a restaurant, but a tavern, a bar with booths where you can sit and eat, but you'd better have a beer while you're doing it. It's kitschy, not classy, and refers to the restroom as "the head." If you don't have a good time at Nauti Mermaid, than I hate you. Or, maybe you should just give it another chance because everyone and every place has off nights. But, I'm not ruling out the possibility that I hate you.
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,3/30/2011,72,198,,6,2>My family has been buying its strudel, tepertos pogácsa (fried bacon mixed into a dense biscuit), and other pastries from Tommy's for as long as I can remember.As a Hungarian family we have always supported small Hungarian business owners, but in this case I know we went because nobody else does it as good.  For pete's sake even the Hungarian churches, picnics, and other social gatherings will often proudly offer their pastries.People often use the term "homemade" and "authentic" rather loosely, but I can tell you that they make their pastries the exact same way that I remember watching my blessed grandmother when I was just a small child.Stopping in to their shop reminds me of the several trips to Hungary I've made.  There's just an undeniable "Old World" nostalgia about Tommy's, and for that reason alone it's worth stopping in.Get there early though.  We Hungarians are known to be early birds, and will buy all the best stuff while most everyone else is still in lala land.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2010,3/29/2011,12,92,3,3,1>To all the haters (and everyone else): you have to wait to eat here. You almost always have to wait 90 minutes of more. If you don't like it, go eat somewhere else. Better yet, quit being such a whiner and enjoy the AMAZING beer selection, because this is the best draft beer selection you're going to find in Cleveland Heights. PLUS, most of the beers are well priced. That is what the Melt experience is all about, drink great beer and hang with your friends while you wait for a delicious grilled cheese sandwich. The service here is actually much friendlier than the Lakewood location and it seems that the food quality is quickly catching up to the original (after a slightly rocky start). The crowd is a little (A LOT) less hip than the Lakewood Melt crowd, but meh, I bring my own friends. The sandwiches and fries are always delicious. I like the Monte Cristo, the Municipal Stadium Magic, Chorizo and Potato, and Porky Cheese. I've also heard they serve other stuff, but who would order anything other than a grilled cheese at the melt??? That's blasphemy.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2010,3/28/2011,86,287,6,7,6>Certainly the best Asian food I've had in the Cleveland area, but I've mainly been frequenting the "All You Can Eat Heart Exploder" places. Seriously, this place has the largest and most expansive menu that I've seen outside of San Francisco. I went there on a Sunday afternoon during the brunch rush but still had no problem getting a table quickly. Service was good, but the first sign that things were going to get wacky was when one of my friends was served a bowl of wonton soup about twice the size of her head. The serving sizes only got bigger from there. The crazy portions of garlic chicken lo mein and random fried rice we all shared were miles away from your normal sodium-soaked strip-mall fare.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,3/27/2011,44,84,11,10,4>When I am rich, you will not be able to come here.  That's because I'm going to take the butterfly room and turn it into my office.  Yes, that's a selfish thing.  But this place is so magical it turns men like me into misers.  The butterfly room is the most beautiful place in Cleveland - a phrase I wasn't expecting to whip out today, but it'd be the most beautiful place in a lot of cities.  You walk in and are surrounded by lush greenery reaching up to the skies, and colored scraps of pure prettiness flutter around you, chasing each other merrily, landing on your shirt.  There are so many butterflies come the summer that it's like walking through your own special effects, a place of stunning gorgeousness.  Plus, if you wear a Hawaaiian shirt, the butterflies will attempt to mate with your shirt.  They don't leave stains, but you get to pick up butterflies on your finger.  There are waterfalls in the butterfly room that splash delightfully, and you can walk underneath them; this is where I intend to put my bed once I get rich.  You can take an elevator up to a lazy walkway, where you can look below you and see the living kaleidoscope of thousands of butterflies darting erratically back and forth; this is where my home office will be, and I will walk lazily up from my bed to view my glory and feel that though I have no more money, having lost it all in the lawsuits where Cleveland tried to stop me from buying this public space, this was well worth it.  It is gorgeous here, like walking into your own set for Avatar.  Every time I forget how pretty it is, and then I take a guest here, and they too fall in love.  You will, too.  You should all hope that I don't come into wealth.  Because I'm serious.  This is my fantasyland, the place where the butterflies hatch and fly for me, and for right now you can share it with me.  You should.  Soon.  Because you don't know what you're missing.  Oh, and there are some flowers and gardens, too.  They're also very pretty.  You can keep walking in those; I'll be in my butterfly house, entranced to butterfly techno, a smile of delight on my face.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2011,3/25/2011,162,287,10,7,9>Brothers is pretty sweet. They really did a number on this place. I'd like to see more of a selection, band wise, and that's why they're losing a star here. This would be the perfect place to showcase some of Cleveland's finest and I just don't see it happening here. I suppose they just want to keep the riff-raff (people like me) out so they book mostly cover bands to cater to the mom-jeans-wearing, non-trouble making, one-glass-of-White-Zinfandel-and-I'm-tipsy types. Their food seems to be pretty decent. I had the Cajun Blue Sliders and they were very tasty. (Sorry, I'm not going to go into their texture and all of that boring food nerd crap). They were just good, okay? I was semi-satisfied with their beer selection....until the bartender thought he was talking to a beer newb. I wanted an Allagash White. They were out. He recommended a Blue Moon and said they were "comparable". No way, buddy. I went with a Roquefort 8 -- tasted like it had been in their fridge for too long -- but still tasty. (It's not pretentious or boring to talk about beer in this way. Nope, not at all). Alright, I'll get off my high horse. I like Brothers, despite its minor flaws. Check it out.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2010,3/24/2011,67,84,3,7,5>1st stop with my Uncle after a long day of sailing on Lake Erie. 2nd stop with my sister for a late dinner. 3rd stop will definitely be coming soon as I told a friend I wanted to take her. Good food everytime. I love ordering my noodle dishes spicy because Vietnamese spicy is not like any other spicy. When you say spicy and they say, "You sure?", there's a reason for it. MMmmm.I really enjoy the atmosphere also. Quaint and small. Large fish tank to block the not-so-inviting street view. Right next door to an asian-market...which they may own (I'm not sure as I haven't asked nor have I researched it). Service is alright. Go for the food.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,3/23/2011,196,453,,9,5>I have to give this restaurant a 5 for a few reasons.1) How brave!  They are nestled on a side street of a not so friendly neighborhood but thrive.  There has always been a police officer there on the weekends and select weekdays when I go.  2) Kitchen masters.  Sit at the bar and watch the chef's/cook's at work towards the end of the bar.  I understand that there is another kitchen doing most of the prep but there is still 90%+ of all cooking done in this area during dinner and do they fly the food out.3) Wine assortment and beer options.  They even do dinner matching with each during all months throughout the year.  How fun.  4) Food.  This is where they exceed given the other options within a 5 mile radius (exception of Bistro 185).  I suggest the mussels, fondue, or tuna as a sharing app, or even a salad.  I always go for the special based on food service knowledge that it tends to be whats freshest.  Don't be afraid to ask though, they will be happy to match your dinner entree to your taste buds.  Con - I am not particularly a fan of the Yacatori (spelling?) but they sell A LOT of it so I'll leave that review up to you.  Just go, have fun, sit at a high top in the bar, and just order away.  BIG PLUS is to check restaurant.com, they just joined.  I bought 4 the first day and have used 2 already.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2011,3/22/2011,70,110,,3,2>Excellent food, presentation, atmosphere, and bar....is there anything else to say?!I went to this delish restaurant for a work dinner and was blown away. They start you off with fresh bread and a spread of butter or an olive puree. I had the night's seafood special of shrimp and scallops with a lobster tail on risotto. It was great and just the right size. The flavors were excellent and the seafood quality was great for Ohio. Everyone at the table was very happy with the meal and the service. We followed up with desert and everyone ordered a different dish, once again no complaints. The chocolate cake was something special though. It was made to order and amazing. After this huge meal I went with a tasty and strong espresso. All in all, a great restaurant. If you were to go here for drinks you wouldn't be disappointed either. Their bar is very well stocked and even had a few Scotches that surprised me. I will definitely be back.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,3/21/2011,52,95,4,6,5>I can't begin to describe how disappointed I was when after my first year at school at Case Western Reserve University, they closed the museum for renovations.  Seriously?!  I was living next to the flippin' place and I couldn't even go there.  Well, as soon as I saw the new building I shut up pretty fast.  The new facilities are absolutely amazing.  The architecture truly compliments the pieces in the museum.  The painting restorations blew me away as well.  When I first walked into the European art section, I found myself face to face with four vibrantly restored wall sized painting.  When I say "wall sized" I am understating things.  It's a huge wall.  I can't even imagine how much time and effort it must have taken to make those pieces look like that.The armor collection is always amazing.  I recall that being one of my favorite parts of the museum as a kid, and it still is.The modern art section on the upper floors is breathtaking (if you're into that sort of thing).  I remember looking in one room then hearing music...what is that?  Of course, it had to be a Shostakovich Cello Concerto.  My fiancee and I ran to where the sound was coming from, and sure enough it was!  We high fived.  The security guard shook his head and laughed at us.  Worth it.  That was one of my favorite pieces I have seen.  If you haven't listened to any Shostakovich, this portion of the concerto is about as bleak as music can get.  It was accompanied by a film of trees in winter...no leaves...random blinking lights.  I can only imagine what that poor security guard must feel like after an hour of that...Anyway, I'm a dork, and I thought that it was awesome.The Cleveland Museum of Art has some extremely comprehensive and beautiful collections from all eras of art history.  If you have never been, there is no excuse.  It's FREE (unless you are going to a special exhibition).  Seriously, go.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,3/20/2011,20,106,2,6,4>People that think this place is pricey need to realize they are in Greater Cleveland and at a seafood restaurant (with fish not from the Great Lakes), of course it will be 'pricey.'A co-worker took me here for lunch and man, I'm glad I know about this place. The Ahi Tuna Wrap was amazing. Fairly large piece of tuna with this amazing spicy sauce. My only regret was the wrap not staying together. If you're used to living in a small town, you might feel sticker shock. If you're from a big city (major metropolitan area like LA, SFO, NYC, or CHI, not Cleveland) the prices aren't bad. Will definitely come here again.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/21/2010,3/19/2011,146,412,,2,3>Tried the "Mushroom" - mushroom, mozzarella, thyme, pancetta. I really liked this one! Delicious.Tried the "Sunnyside" too - pancetta, provoline, pepper, and sunnyside up eggs. I thought this was ok - concept is good but the seasoning was a little off. I wonder what it would taste like with some sriracha sauce...We came with a fairly large party (bigger than expected) and we ran into some seating snafus. They gave us a complimentary plate (meats, cheeses) which I thought was appropriate, and very gracious. Good service from the many Cleveland hipsters that are around now! Haha.We also got a nice dessert on the house. I can't remember what it was, but props. Props.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2010,3/18/2011,57,156,,8,6>This shop recently opened in the Waterloo Arts District, and while they are primarily an outlet for the CLE clothing company, they also carry items such as art, jewelry, and even clothing by other local artists.CLE has a lot of great designs for those who love to show their North Coast pride, and lots of great gifts to send to your favorite Clevelander who happens to live elsewhere.I am happy to see that there's finally a brick and mortar location to get this stuff, and it's a great addition to the area.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2010,3/17/2011,19,46,,4,3>Sittoo's is a little haven of deliciousness in Parma. They are owned and operated by the same family as the Aladdin's restaurants, but honestly I find the food here to be better. It is much more casual and even though the food is made to order, it is served very quickly making this a great lunch or take-away option. My favorite are the sandwiches, which are chock-full of pickles and turnips. The service is exceptionally friendly and the prices are more than reasonable.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2011,3/16/2011,215,581,17,13,15>As all my fellow yelpers know,I was craving a pork bun like WHOA!I got lots of recommendations from ya,Like Park to Shop, Bo Loong, and Li Wah.But then along came the description of Koko,And I knew that's where I'd go.Kinda nearby, on 37th and Payne,Took the Focus and Yelpette there in the rain. (Er, snow.)Only had Bubble Tea once before,Thought I'd try it again--it's what Koko's known for.Tapioca pearls, chewy, creepy and round,With a Thai tea flavor--it was pretty sound.Got two BBQ pork buns like I'd come in for,Got 'em wrapped to go and was out the door.Service was friendly, people were nice,The showcases stocked full of sweets to entice.I'll return someday soon, that much is true,And thank you Koko for my 300th review!
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,3/15/2011,82,187,7,6,3>You can still smoke hookah inside?  Hell Yes. This was fun.  I didn't eat, but joined a group later on for some cheap Lebanese beer, hookah, and watching some sexy tango.  Ooh la la!Friendly service here, we were the last people in the place and didn't feel like we were being kicked out.  Or maybe we did, if turning the music off and putting Seinfeld on the TV's was their subtle hint.  Either way, we sat in some nice comfy booths and enjoyed everything about the place.  I'd probably come back to these booths for some PDA.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,3/14/2011,723,577,1,3,2>Giovanni's is a gem.  I've been here twice with colleagues, once for drinks and once for the tasting menu, and I was struck by the attention and service they paid to my friends and our party.  The patrons here tend to be a bit older, as well as the wait staff; but that also suggests experience.  The service showed precisely that.  Warm, attentive service and charming ambiance makes for a very enjoyable experience.The flavours were occasionally a tad heavy handed for me ... but just a tad.  Fresh mozzarella, great pork belly, ribs, papardelle followed by tasty dolci made for an excellent dining experience.I'd give this a 4.5 - but I don't have the option... but given the paucity of high-Italian dining in Cleveland, I'll average it up to a 5 out of 5.Molto bene!
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,3/13/2011,25,85,10,9,7>When you've had your last straw NOT being helped at the Orange or Blue big-box home improvement warehouse, stop into Dunn Hardware.  I loved this place at their old location, which is now a Pet Supplies Plus or something, but it's even better at their new one, albeit further from home.  Real people who know how shit works and know what shit you need to make your shit work again.  How novel.  The quaint idea of the neighborhood hardware store lives on in one of Cleveland's worst suburbs, Richmond Heights.  One of my favorite parts about Dunn Hardware is Tom, a guy who regularly works the register, or at least used to.  I didn't see him last time I went in.  Tom is a trip.  Over the top friendly, a little louder than anyone should be comfortable with.  Talks kind of like Will Ferrel's Harry Caray character on SNL.  Speaking of SNL, Tom of Dunn Hardware is actually Tom Shannon, Molly Shannon's brother or cousin or something.  Close relation, a good friend of mine who knows the family told me.  Could be a story, but it seems plausible.  I believe it.Anyway... that's not important right now.  Tom's cool and will make you smile, but even if he's not there, and your shit is broken, or you just need something useful, Dunn has what you need.
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2010,3/12/2011,29,41,5,4,3>So here's an update. Had the lunch today and ordered off the menu. Seem like the weekend buffet has a little better selection than the weekday spread. I ordered the Lamb Rogan Josh and specifically asked for hot. Yesh, I like it HOT. Not your usual american taste buds here so I told him to make it like I'm Indian. They did. They did and it kicked. Whew, my sinus is now cleared and my astigmatism is gone. Overall, the Lamb Rogan Josh taste, just as good. I just wish for 15 buckaroo, they'll provide more than just basmati rice to compliment the main dish. So I also ordered the Peshawari naan. If you like naan, you've got to give it a try. It's your regular naan with dried fruit and nuts encased. Goes well with my Lamb Rogan Josh.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2010,3/11/2011,62,160,5,8,6>ok ok, silly me, I should have taken the advice of all the other yelpers on here and ordered the Galley Boy, but I wasn't super hungry when I went to Swensons, booo, next time though, I will pick up the gauntlet.So, FAST service, no wonder those kids were so skinny, they were doing laps around that little shack like you would not believe!I got the cheeseburger with everything, except when it came, they forgot the "everything" and I just got a patty with cheese on it, but I'm not one to complain or send many things back so I just went with it.  Good burger but I'm sure it could have been much improved with some toppings!  I loved the toasted buns, nice touch.Also got the potato teezers with ranch, they were so tasty I wanted to grab another order to go!The main reason I stopped here today was because I heard their seasonal milkshake was back....pumpkin baby!  I'm a sucker for all things pumpkin and was more than happy to try out their milkshake.  At first I was a little taken aback by the small size of it....until I tried sucking it through the straw.  Holy thickness batman!  You definitely don't need any more than what they give you, I probably could have turned that thing upside-down and it would have stayed put right in the cup.So, minus the little fiasco with the cheeseburger, Swensons definitely will get more business from me, especially when I have guests in the city again!
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,3/10/2011,40,92,,3,4>I've been to Parallax three times now. The first two were many years ago. I was really impressed then, but my pocket book was so much lighter afterwards, it just got put on the back burner of places to go back to. But after our most recent meal, I think we'll be going back again regularly. The main fish entrees have all been fantastic, but we saved a pretty penny by sticking to salads and sushi rolls. We were very full afterwards, and got to try a bunch of stuff. The service was excellent. The waitress knew the menu front to back, and gave us lots of time when we needed it. The menu itself (strapped to a clipboard) was a bit hard to read, and too big, but she helped tremendously with that. Things we loved:Nigiri Salmon. I often get this at restaurants because its my favorite, and can be a benchmark for the sushi quality. This little piece of fish was a solid FIVE STARS. And only $5 for two small pieces, maybe slightly below the Cleveland average. Goat Cheese Endive Salad. I've never really had a salad like this. There are no leafy greens to speak of. You can't go wrong with fried goat cheese. I thought it balanced nicely with endives in a light creamy dressing. And candied walnuts added a bit of sweet to the mix. Every bite was fun.Beet Salad. There was a really interesting aroma that I couldn't place. Made me want more. With that said, once eating the beets, that flavor dominated all. Maybe smaller bites of beet next time. Spicy Fried Onion Rings: Bears no resemblance to something yo would get at Outback Steakhouse. Definitely not good for you, but wow, tasty addictive. I'm betting the key here is very fresh/good frying oil. Since that's mandatory for good tempura, I can see why the onion rings turn out so tasty. Next time we get a little sloshed in Tremont, we are going here to down some of those to absorb the boose.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2010,3/9/2011,298,127,6,7,6>I love exploring new bars and restaurants. It is much like opening Christmas presents for me. Like gifts, most suck, but every once in a while you get the Red Ryder BB gun. Dragonfly is such a find.There is so much I like about this space it is hard to pick a place to start. First off I love the feel of the space. It is very sheik and very hip. The accent lights cast a warm glow in the dark shadows of the bar and warmly transition from one color to the next in a very subtle manner. The inside has the feel of an old warehouse and features large white framed mirrors that remind me more of the south of market district of San Francisco then Ohio City. I did have a brief moment one night where I thought I actually was taken back to SF after my third Manhattan. The entire décor oozes with modern sex appeal and swank.It is very hard to look at the menu not see that this place has clearly been inspired by it's Ohio City neighbor Velvet Tango Room. Now, it is simply a fact that you cannot do a better cocktail then VTR, and the menu also has about a quarter of the depth of the well established and dominant Tango Room.. That being said, at the price point and compared to everywhere else in Cleveland, the cocktails are quite phenomenal. It is my opinion that they are the definitely in the top five in the CLE. If I was king of the world, this bar would be on my side of the bridge in the Warehouse and not on West 25th hipster land. It seems out of place location wise with near by establishments such as garage bar and ABC tavern catering to the wanna-be blue collar urban hip. I would like to see Dragon Fly compete in the bar dense warehouse as I think it would up the game of the competition.At the time of this review, Dragonfly is not serving food. I am interested to see what the kitchen cooks up and how this will change the dynamics of this establishment. The talent? Well..... good luck. People tend to come here with a purpose and it does not seem to attract the large crowds it would if it was located elsewhere. Right now, it is ideal for a post dinner date drink or a birthday gathering. But my gut tells me that this place will establish a following in short order.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2010,3/8/2011,98,206,3,6,5>3 generations of Polaks came into this place and left full and quite satisfied. As other reviewers have mentioned, it's cafeteria-styled with polish homemade food. I throughly enjoyed the stuffed cabbage: one large roll, the sauce, thin in consistency, is much more oily than others that I have had [red chimney, and any of them made by someone in the family ]. However, it was a large portion and still tasty. It also came with 2 sides, I chose the mashed potatoes, tasted exactly like my dad's [neither a compliment nor an insult to them]. They're not very creamy or have any specific flavor, but they're homemade and authentic; I would order them again next time. The dinners come with 2 side dishes [which included during my visit, mixed beans, mashed sweet potatoes with a marshmallow topping, mashed white Idaho Potatoes, diced red potatoes, and a couple others], a roll, and the salad bar. The salad bar was self-service and 3-4 salads including cold beet salad ['just like Babka's !', my dad said], potato salad, and a green salad with iceberg, mixed greens, and romaine, and cole slaw. In addition to the traditional polish entrees featured in the Dinners, Grandpa enjoyed his Lake Erie Perch. I also ordered a side of 2 pirogies for $2. They were excellent [and the recipe is on their website: cool!] They weren't doughy, and were cooked perfectly with slight grill marks. They were filled with American Cheese and the amount of cheese was perfect for me, neither overwhelming nor gooey.In addition to the restaurant, there's also a small rectangular bar with a few domestic drafts [LaBatt and the High Life] and bottled craft beers [a couple German and Polish Beers, Indigo Imp and Sierra Nevada; they are also available in the cafeteria line in an iced bucket] [I daydreamed that there would be a POC, Pride of Cleveland, in that beer bucket] . For dessert, we split a slice of carrot cake. It's $5, but it's very large, rich, buttery frosting with the crushed nuts on top, I found it delicious. Yeah, their hours aren't the most convenient [it doesn't really bother me], but I came before 6 PM for dinner and waited no more than 10 minutes. A group of 4 dinners and non-alcoholic drinks, along with the dessert came out to ~$60. What pushed it to a 5: the service. Although the place was slightly hectic, the busboys were helping those unable to carry their trays and all of the staff was quiet friendly.
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2010,3/7/2011,88,79,4,5,4>I was coming home from a good audition at The Beck Center, when I was suddenly in the mood for pizza.I texted a friend: "Hey...let's get pizza."That tiny text turned into a full-blown, Vietnam-level extraction of my massively drunken friend and her incredibly even more drunken roommate from the Bier Market, surrounded by a slew of guys whose eyes were boggling at the possibilities of taking full advantage of these damsels in distress.I got them home. I was still starving, having not eaten. My friend said "The Lava Lounge!"I'd heard about it several times in regards to the burgers, but hadn't been there yet. Upon arrival, the atmosphere was perfect...low level lights, cheerful colors, laid-back atmosphere and a bartender who completely understood my request of not bringing any booze within a mile of my inebriated pal.She got the burger, I got the pulled pork sandwich. It was the coleslaw and blue cheese that did it. It was pretty darn good if not spectacular, and came equipped with sweet potato fries. THEY were incredible. If they came with anything but ketchup, they'd be amazing.The bite I had of the burger was really good, and the normal fries were also inventive.So yeah, I'm a fan. It's not easy carting around drunken friends, but they didn't even bat an eyelash and were really cool about it. Though, my friend is a fairly level-headed drunk.I STILL want some pizza, but was very happy to be introduced to the Lava Lounge.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,3/6/2011,150,222,3,7,6>An oasis of a bookstore in Tremont.  Have a glass of wine while browsing books or chill out on the garden patio.  Yeah you know what? They might not have the biggest selection of books in the world but if you can't find something of interest here you probably can't read.  They are an amazing little mom and pop bookstore with new and used wonderfulness.  They also have some great indie and hard to find magazines.  Make sure to check the upcoming events for bands on the patio and local Author book signings.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,3/5/2011,342,426,7,7,4>What a great place for a concert.On my birthday weekend, I decided to take my parents to see the Cleveland orchestra. I bought incredibly cheap tickets to go see Stravinsky's Firebird, as part of the Cleveland orchestra family concert.When I first walked in (and walked in rather easily, with no crowds), I was awed at the architecture of Severance Hall. What a gorgeous artistic hall. When I actually entered the actual hall where the orchestra plays... I was amazed at how beautiful it was.Yes, it's small, but it's so pretty and the sound is so good inside the hall, I wish I lived next door, so I could hear the orchestra all the time. In addition, the Cleveland orchestra is spectacular- they have amazing balance....one of the best I have ever heard. Minus the fact that family concerts consist of a little kid behind you screaming, "but mommy, where's the BIRD?!!", seeing the orchestra and just being in the hall is well worth it.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2010,3/4/2011,153,207,3,8,7>A trip to the VTR is to take a step back in time to when craft was more important than quickness and speed. To slow down is to relax. And enjoy. People that appreciate the VTR and the quality libations they produce are the ones who typically take the road less traveled. The ones who appreciate beauty, character and quality over just the end result. If American nostalgia were to be used as comparison, I liken the VTR to The Historic Route 66, while all other beer and shot joints would share the characteristics of the interstate highway system. Travelling the Mother Road takes time. Speed and getting there isn't important. It's about the journey, not the destination. Travelling along this road is about soaking in experiences and enjoying yourself along the way. Conversely, the Eisenhower formed modern highway system allows travelers to get to their destination in less time, yet with less character along the way. If you're interested in the end result: ie. just getting there already; or in a more specific comparison: just getting your buzz on in the quickest way possible, you aren't a VTR person. You are a shot and beer person. On vacations, you take the highways. In bars, you slam shots of Wild Turkey. The VTR isn't about choking down disgusting beverages. It's about enjoying yourself along the way.
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2010,3/3/2011,28,60,4,8,5>Ah, Sullivan's. If only you were a few streets closer instead of the twelve that you are, I imagine that I'd stumble home many more times than just March 17th. Each time I walk in, I'm transported to a simpler time, where Murphy's Oil Soap was akin to Febreeze, the waxy, lemony smell of church pews. It is without a doubt one of my most favorite smells that exist in this world, and I knew immediately this would be a place to imbibe and imbibe well. In the winter, the pot bellied stove crackles to life, adding the wood smoke to the air in perfect balance with the Murphys and the aromas of the foodstuffs in the kitchen. The atmosphere is as laid back as could be. Thick, plush benches look like something -- quite possibly -- out of eighteenth century Ireland and are perfect for sipping a Guinness or three. Even the short wooden stools are surprisingly comfortable, even for someone with a large posterior, such as this reviewer. The walls are covered in murals, and the posters for Guinness are the envy of some collector friends. I'm dissapointed everytime the waiter(ess) doesn't speak in a thick Irish brogue I barely understand. There is one downfall to Sullivan's, however, one that I'm remiss to speak of -- The food. Don't get me wrong -- it's far better than most of your run of the mill chain restaurants that spend millions to have their finger directly on the pulse of a focus group, forcing flavors and tastes on an American populace that could care less about nineteen hundred calorie salads. The Monte Cristo is wonderful, and the Fish and Chips are as authentic as this never-ever-left-Ohio guy can surmise. But, there doesn't seem to be anything that screams out and begs you to try it. There's nothing eye catching or out of the ordinary. Truth be told, that downfall is forgivable. Try going sometime with a group of friends, and I dare you not to feel like you're at home, kicking back a few drinks and transporting yourself to a different time. I dare you to try and keep track of time. You won't be able to.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,3/2/2011,140,180,9,10,8>This is my favorite style of pizza-- thin crust, goodly amount of sauce, fresh mozzarella (not provolone-bleh) and fresh toppings. It reminds me of the pizza I had in Italy-- fresh and perfectly balanced. If you think that Mama Santa's or Joey's is the ne plus ultra of pizza, try this and reevaluate. It's not canned or burnt! The restaurant is modern, pleasant and spare, filled with families and couples. The staff is friendly, but does not hover. They make the pizza from scratch when you order, so expect to wait about 15 minutes or so. NB, the only starter is a substantial salad. I wish they had something else to nibble on during the wait. They do have games you can play! The pizza came straight from the oven. Most patrons used a fork and knife (Toronto style!) to eat the first few bites of the enormous slices. Some did the NYC fold. We had the Neapolitan pie. The crust itself was flavorful. The sauce had a lot of texture, and was not too salty. No excessive gobs of cheese. They did use a flaming boatload of fresh garlic, so if you plan to make out with anyone afterward, make sure he/she has eaten just as much as you have, or ask them to go light on the garlic.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2010,3/1/2011,178,155,7,11,8>5 million kinds of wings.Ok, this is a slight exaggeration. They do have an obscene amount though...something like 50 or so. They run an all-you-can-eat-wings for $6.50 special during the week. Unfortunately, we arrived a little late for that, but we still got some tasty wings. After 6p, they only have limited sauce options, but they did us a favor and whipped up some Hot Garlic Parmesan. Excellent! Lots of huge chunks of garlic.We also ordered fried mushrooms. Nine times out of ten, I am disappointed when I order them at a bar. The pre-fab frozen breaded mushrooms can be downright disgusting and soggy. Not so at the Seven Hills Tavern. These fried mushrooms were some of the best I have ever had! I saw the bartender put some beer in a bowl while we were waiting for our food. I was wondering what she was doing. Apparently, the homemade beer batter is mixed up fresh for each order. They also use really large, whole fresh mushrooms. I would go back just for these mushrooms. I can't say much for the fountain Coke, but at a $1 plus free refills, I wasn't really complaining. You really can't expect a good fountain soda at a corner bar anyway. This little "old man" bar has been around for centuries, complete with wood paneling on the walls. I think the only import beer you can expect to find is Heineken. But what you will find is surprisingly good bar food. I heard the steak sandwich is pretty popular as well. I'm already drooling for more fried mushroom :)
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2010,2/28/2011,263,228,10,16,14>goat head and piglet beware SUV strollers painful ankle bruise The venerable Westside Market has been around for a century now. It is probably the last city market that has not been turned into a theme park complete with a food court' a Starbucks, and sanitized like a grocery store. A vast assortment of meats, cheeses and some prepared food inside, maintaining Cleveland's strong ethnic roots, Kielbasi, homemade smokies, headcheese, steaks, whole pigs, lamb heads, pig tails, tenderloins, poultry, seafood, it is all there in this venerable institution.   The vendors talk to you, cut and wrap your meats, let you pick your fruits and veggies.  They smile, laugh, ask how you are and actually interact with you.  They do not scan pack and make change without so much as a "hello".  Real people here.Outside are various fruit and vegetable vendors. One, "Basketeria" features local and organic produce. The "Calabreze" fruit stand has the best fruit in the arcade. Veggies are usually half the price of those in grocery stores, but the REALLY cheap ones are at or past their prime. Some vendors are a bit shady. (check my westside market list) The building itself is 100 years old. Fun facts: There are bas relief tiles of all kinds of market produce all over the inside and outside or the building. The basement is insulated with 12 inch cork walls. The clock tower once housed huge stainless steel water tanks that were a fire suppression system designed to flood the market in case of fire, but they were removed and melted down for the WW2 war effort. Unfortunately, the hours are also from 100 years ago. Times have changed WSM. The babushka ladies don't come in at 6:00AM for live chickens to cook for their men when the steel mill shift lets out. The busiest food shopping day is Sunday when you are closed. People would love to stop in in the early evenings after work, but you start to shut down around 2:00pm. West 25th street is becoming the city's premier foodie zone. Unlike just a few years ago, there are people all over the street in the evenings going to bars, restaurants and galleries, and yet there you are, locked up tight -not unlike a closed anchor store in a mall. Keep your charm WSM, but join the 21st century please.Carry on.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,2/27/2011,241,224,,3,2>The Club at Key Center offeres two key things I was looking for in downtown Cleveland.  They have a wonderful workout facility with great staff and kind clientele, and they offer the social aspect I was looking for in a City Club.  The Pub upstairs is wonderful place to grab a quick bite, or drinks after work - and the dining room serves as a great place to have a more formal dinner or to entertain.  In terms of the social aspect, we frequent the cooking glasses, 3,4,5 meal specials in the pub, wine tastings, special events and networking happy hrs.  The athletic floor has plenty of machines, free weights, pool, classes (yoga, zumba, spin ... etc) - and spacious locker room facilities.  This is a membership based facility, but they tend to run special promotions for young professionals.
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,2/26/2011,28,94,4,6,3>We stopped at Wonton Gourmet on a recent chilly weeknight before seeing South Pacific at PlayhouseSquare.  With its proximity to the theater district and abundance of free parking, we often plan to hit up a new spot in Asia Town before catching a show at the theater.Wonton Gourmet was great!  Friendly, prompt service, and excellent food!  We had the wonton soup to start, and then for entrees we ordered the Szechwan Chicken and Beef with Chinese Eggplant.  The beef dish was a little spicy, but both were excellent!The atmosphere was your standard Chinese restaurant with one unusual feature: the large-screen TV in the back of the restaurant that was playing a Chinese variety show, which I can only describe as a variation on America's Got Talent in Mandarin.  Everyone else in the restaurant was watching with rapt attention, so we tuned in, and it turned out to be entertaining!Most entrees were $10 or less, and we enjoyed eating the leftovers for three days.  You could really do well to share a small appetizer and an entree.I will say that the menus were a little confusing for this first-timer: there were three separate food menus, and by the time we left, I still couldn't figure out how they were organized, but they also have helpful huge color photos on the walls that correspond to the numbers on the menu, so that helped, too.We'll be back, Wonton Gourmet!
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2010,2/25/2011,34,62,2,3,2>I was introduced to Slymans about 18 months ago, and I'm a better person for it.  Okay, maybe that's exaggerating a bit, but I can't think of any place I know in the US, that I'd rather go to for corned beef.They bill themselves as the "biggest corned beef sandwich in Cleveland," but they're being modest, because it's not just big, it's delicious.  From about 11 a.m. until the close at 2:30 p.m. they have someone behind the counter doing nothing by manning the deli slicer, because they're pumping out sandwich after sandwich and it's all freshly sliced.  Be warned, they are packed at lunch time, and service can be a little slow at the rush, but not frustratingly so.I really like their rueben, and one half of the sandwich is enough to satisfy me and give me a snack for later or lunch the next day.  I have actually eaten an entire Slyman's sandwich, but I regretted it because I was too full for the rest of the day.  And mind you, I'm not one of those waifish types who eats three bites and stops.  I like to clean a plate, but it's not advisable here. I have also been there for breakfast, which is good, inexpensive and fast.  The staff have been there forever it seems, and it's still family owned and operated.  This is the kind of place where the same people have been going there for decades, so it's not unusual for people to come in and get greeted by name.  But even if you're not a regular, the staff are chatty and jocular, and unless you're a vegetarian, I think you'll really like it.  I know I will keep going back.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,2/23/2011,88,296,,11,7>Can I say this is a hidden gem or is that a cliche?  The Sachsenheim, though difficult to say, has been a great find.  When you first arrive, it's this massive building where it's actually a little difficult to find the bar.  Is it to the right?  No..that's a dance hall.  Oh, the left.  I get it.The staff is friendly, learns names quickly and a young girl seems to always have huge warm cookies to sell to benefit something or other...I went on Taco Tuesday so here is the breakdown:TACOS: Such a great selection!  It seems to change seasonally.  The Habenera was hot but my personal selection was the Chipotle Bacon.  It had an excellent depth to flavor.  None of the tacos were bad and I was pleasantly surprised how each tasted SO different!  Green Chili, Sausage, Pulled Pork, Bacon, Chicken, etc.  Lots of options for even the adventurous types!  Plus, they're only 75cents.  Yea...you read that right.BEER: I started out with a huge mug of the Spaten, which may or may not be a Malt.  The beer was cheap and available in every Munich-approved size you could want.  On tap they only have German beers, which is a good thing!  ATMOSPHERE:  It's a bit of a hipster bar, crossed with some townies, some metal-heads and a table full of cops in uniform.  Strange mix, but welcoming and unpretentious.  I'm pretty sure about every third person at the bar I recognized from a Grog shop show at some point.Overall, this place is a...ahem..gem!  My bill was under $10 and I left full and buzzed.  Next time I might even splurge on the 14" Burrito (about $5) or the 14" Quessadilla ($4).
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,2/22/2011,1600,312,2,9,3>Even after a dozen visits, Tres Potrillos remains consistent in service, ambiance, prices, and food.I remember the first time we visited this place last year.  The Medina location had just opened and my hubby and I were tired from working on our new house.  Tres Potrillos is conveniently located next door to our realtor, so we passed by its storefront often.  We couldn't wait to give 'the new Mexican restaurant' a try!  The first dish I had was their Fajita Quesadilla Camarón.  The thing that impressed me most was that the veggies weren't overcooked and brown, as they tend to be at most Mexican-American restaurants.  They were bright and the shrimp inside was colossal, and that cheese.. oh man!Dinner, lunch, small party, big party, inside seating, outside seating, quick meal, four-hour-lose-track-of-time-because-the-­conversation-is-so-good meal.. we've experienced almost every kind of scenario at Tres Potrillos, and with each one the staff has been kind, gracious, and efficient.Plus, they keep the chips and salsa coming!  Olé!
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,2/21/2011,68,169,1,2,1>This IS NOT HEALTH FOOD!F.G.G.'s is a Fast Food Gyro delight!Great Gyro's.  Good combination platters.  Excellent Specials.  You know what you are going to get when you go here.The staff there is special.  I do not know how else to put it.  I am assuming they are Greek....this is their baby and they truly own it in the sense of adding their personality to it.Its not fancy dining by any strech, but its great for what it offers.The menu selection is HUGE.  Sadly I have never eaten anything else there b/c I am obsessed with their Gyro's.  Everytime I go there I simply think to myself " I wish I could"anyways....they have Great Gryo's.  I think you should give them a try
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,2/20/2011,164,211,,6,4>YAY for my 50th review! I went to Pasta Lear's because I have heard all about it from my boyfriend...and I'm so glad I listened to him! We had the garlic bread for an appetizer and a medium pepperoni pizza, both homemade and both quite delicious. The crust was so good and soft, you can definitely tell they take their time making it for each customer. It's a very family owned type of place and you can tell that they really strive to get to know each person that walks in. Great atmosphere, not over the top Italian theme, but still cute.  I did see that they do have coupons on their website, yay! So I will be going back to Pasta Lears very soon :)
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,2/19/2011,89,182,6,7,5>When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie.....Friday night and I wanted to spend some time with my rents. So we meet here for dinner.Nice American Italian restaurant.  The bread and olive oil dipping sauce, excellent! This fine establishment does many things very well. Fantastic service. Going out to eat with my folks is like Seinfeld episode. The waitress was so patient while my dad was asking which portions are the biggest.I was really craving some calamari but it was not on the menu? I settled for Italian Wedding soup  It was very average the broth was tasty but there was way to much pasta or what ever that was. There were only a few meatballs and not enough escarole. Disappointed! The salad was good. Iceberg lettuce with freshly shredded mozzarella cheese, olives, tomato piece and great homemade Italian dressing. My chicken parm with eggplant very good.   The spaghetti was was cooked perfectly just slightly past al dente. I think it may have been home made. The marinara sauce was good but lacking a little something.  My parents split the veal parm with eggplant  and got spaghetti with meat sauce. The meat sauce had that missing ummff that mine did not have. They divided the plate for them and I swear each of their halves was almost as big as mine.  The veal was tender and tasty.  Sorry baby cow but you taste great. This is a rock solid place that serves your typical Italian American fare with really friendly service that is indicative of family owned businesses.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,2/18/2011,47,104,3,8,7>Chicken and Waffles. A seemingly diametrically opposed dish but yet so perfect in its congruity. In other words, try it- you like.Every dish I have so far at South Side has excelled. As a fan of the sandwich, I can tell you that the Asiago Chicken and the Turkey Cuban sandwiches are excellent. Their "Small Plates" are actually almost meals in themselves. If you're thinking of ordering as an appetizer, I suggest splitting.  The Chicken and Waffles and Chicken Enchiladas both fit into this category.South Side is a great spot for brunch, especially during the warmer months when their outdoor patio is open. When the weather does permit outdoor activity (about nine months out of the year), half of the patio is sealed shut and provides a cozy second dining room complete with fireplace.They have a fairly good selection of beer on tap and overall their drink prices are pretty much in the norm.  Service has been good, especially on NYE when our server successfully 'dealt' with our 15 person group.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,2/17/2011,58,32,3,3,3>I crowned Lucky's in Tremont "best brunch in Cleveland" when I reviewed it a few years ago. At risk of starting a sibling rivalry, I'm changing my vote to Vine & Bean (both are run by Heather Haviland.)I'm in love with this place, foibles and all.The space is charming and cozy. It's an old Victorian house that has been renovated to serve as a restaurant. The fireplace warms in the winter and the spacious outdoor patio and garden delights in the warmer months.The food is comforting and delicious. Most excitingly for this Michael Pollan fan, they source produce locally (when possible) and meats that are raised humanely. I love the Canoewreck, Shipwreck, Breakfast Burritos, Granola, Reuben, and the waffles. First timers must not miss the pecan bacon (I like to share an order with the table.)The people are very sweet. Their passion for the philosophy of the restaurant is evident. I always feel welcome and that my support is appreciated.There are some foibles; no one's perfect, right? I wouldn't suggest coming here if you're in a rush. While the service is always friendly, it can be slow. Just relax and enjoy.  They also are not extremely flexible when it comes to substitutions. In part, this is due to their limited kitchen space. They offer dinner, too, that I've been meaning to try. Live music is on Friday and Saturday.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,2/16/2011,99,376,1,5,3>These are some of the best burgers in America, period (update: I found that Red Mill Burgers is better, but that's in Seattle).  I've had In-N-Out, Fatburger, and practically any other restaurant known for their hamburgers.  While some places can come close, nobody can beat the atmosphere and the taste of Swensons.Their secret ingredient is not-so-secret:  brown sugar.  They add that to their patties, giving it a sweeter taste than most patties, although it's not too sweet for a burger.Their specialty is the Galley Boy.  It is just the right size and has just the right combination of ingredients, giving it that orgasmic taste.  Their fries are either hit or miss; however, their milkshakes and onion rings are also amazing.If you're in the Akron area, not stopping at one of their many locations is a sin.
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,2/15/2011,10,87,,2,2>Per a request from a good friend & my introducer to Yelp, I'm going to extrapalate this review.  If you're the kind of person who goes to the grocery store without a list & determines what will be eaten that week by what's on sale, then Play-It-Again sports is for you.  If you're the type of person who enjoys spending your Saturdays bouncing from one craiglist garage sale to another, than you should check it out.  Nothing is new, but everything is usable.  It's the ultimate value store for the "athlete" who isn't willing to invest in higher end gear, but still enjoys playing.I'm a big disc golf fan, which is the driving factor behind this review.  I have bought a nice set on knock-off golf clubs as well as a few other items, but the only reason I go back is for the discs.  While the selection isn't great, there are at least 50+ to look through, & the employee there has an above average knowledge of the game.  On top of his knowledge, he also has sold me a few out of his personal collection.  It's really not any different than any other Play-it-again I've been to, I just like the disc golf selection.
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2010,2/14/2011,17,54,4,4,4>The decor reminds me of a scene taken from a cheesy Korean drama. Plenty of plastic plant fixtures, pinks flowers and bamboo panels. To bad that stuff doesn't bother me. I'm not judging this place based on the fact that I'm from Southern California! I'm giving this place 5 stars because we're in Cleveland, and compared to all the other Korean restaurants, they all suck and this place doesn't! The food is pretty good. Every time I've gone there--lunch or dinner, banchan overload. Soondubu chigea, kaibi bbq, chapjae are the staples for us. The finishing touch with your check, a shot of yogurt drink! Lunch specials are more affordable and it puts me in a food coma.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,2/13/2011,137,196,2,11,4>There is a reason that the Cleveland Clinic is a world class service hospital. We live in a mecca for health care where kings, queens and leaders of nations come to have medical issues taken care of. The major downfall of the Clinic is the appointment system, it has almost become a joke that they say "Would you like to book an appointment for today?" Because this will never happen. You are looking at weeks to months. But when you do see someone, they are the best you will find anywhere. This is a city within a city, so when you come to visit.. Don't hesitate to ask a person in a red coat how to get somewhere. These are very nice and helpful people who donate their time to assist you. Anything you could possibly think you'll need. They have it here.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2010,2/12/2011,67,157,4,5,3>This place has my two most favorite food items in all of Cleveland.  The chocolate sticks and the maple sticks.  Yes they're donuts but they're so much more than that.  Little wands of food magic.  They're both stuffed with homemade sweet whipped cream.  On top of the doughy deliciousness is either a rich creamy chocolate frosting or a light whipped maple cream.  There really are no words that can truly encompass the magnitude of taste contained in these sticks.  Fragapane also offers a wide array of pastries from napoleons, to baklava.  They also have a deli offering high end deli meats and homemade pizzas.  They'll make you a sandwich on their homemade bread for about 3 bucks.  However, their cookies are a bit dry so I just stick with the maple and chocolate sticks.
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2010,2/11/2011,64,141,1,7,3>This is the best polish food I have had in the area.  The perogies are number 1 for a reason.  The interior is not large and not made for comfort.The pastries are very delicate and tasty.  I am glad I work near this place.   It will be a regular lunch location.Recommend: Kielbasa sausage sandwich, stuffed cabbage, and ladylocks.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,2/10/2011,63,147,,5,2>Born of an idea during a 'day-after marriage proposal' exquisite Chocolate tasting in New York ( read the whole story on their website), Lilly offers high quality handmade chocolate & pair them with Ale & Wine.Lilly's chocolate is meant to be consumed for their exquisite taste not for volume ( pricy pieces ).  Each on-site hand made beauties are a delight to the eyes and delicious to the taste buds. Each piece is decorated with ornate designs with great care. The first bite proves how much they cherish their creations. This is a perfect dinner date stop by. On weekends they even have tastings ( 4 sets of chocolate with eithe wine or Ale). I could not resist the maple Ale. I can guarantee that you will not be able to walk away without a box of 6 or 9 or 12. The staff are very knowledgable and engage with every customer. They are greatly patient and accommodating. They take pride in what they have to offer and it definitely shows.  Lilly's has a great thing going I am already a repeat customer and I will do whatever it takes to provide my support for their longevity.
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,2/9/2011,8,30,1,7,6>I'm giving Tree Country Bistro 5 stars because they serve the BEST Basil Fried Rice with Tofu that I have ever tasted.Having lived on Coventry when Mint Cafe opened (I became a fast devotee), I was hesitant to try Tree Country...out of loyalty, of course.  I am sooo glad I got over that!  Back to the rice.  It is perfectly spicy (read:  pretty hot), the tofu is perfectly cooked, and the green veggies give it just the right amount of crunch.  Sometimes this dish can be too sweet, rather than spicy, but Tree Country really nails the sweet:spicy ratio.Everyone I work with swears by their Country Pad Thai, and I'm sure I'll try it, once I get past my current infatuation.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,2/8/2011,82,418,,5,1>Americanized Chinese done right!  House made dumplings were huge and chewy, but not soggy and bland.  Great ginger twang felt like these had never been frozen.Both lunch entrées came with a generous portion of white rice with an upgrade available to fried rice and a spring roll for less than $2 more.Cashew Shrimp featured toasted cashews and a plethora of veggies.  Even the General Tso's was more veggie than rice.Soda was served in cans for $1.25 each, but the refill can was only 50 cents.  We came in right when they opened on a mild (for January) Saturday and when we left 40 minutes later it was packed.  The single waitress was very friendly and checked back on us several times.  We didn't even think we had been there for 15 minutes... the meal was paced well and we had a great time!Dining room is super small so it's not the place to bring larger than a party of 6. Several parties ordered the chicken curry and potatoes... it seems to be quite a favorite... something to try for next time!Take out menu varies from the in restaurant options and there are party platters available.
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2010,2/7/2011,22,13,1,10,2>My husband and I went to this new Beef O'Brady's location last Friday night and thought it was just wonderful. We got there a little after 6:00pm. and did not have a long wait. We saw lots of people we knew, as expected. I ordered the Montana chicken dinner, which was 2 boneless breasts with barbecue sauce, cheddar and jack cheeses, bacon, and onion straws, though I omitted the bacon. The chicken was the juiciest I have ever tasted and what I liked most is that is was not drowning in the toppings. The cheese, sauce and straws were what I would describe as light but perfect. My husband had the turkey reuben, which had on it coleslaw instead of kraut. I am a coleslaw lover and theirs is quite tasty so having it on the sandwich was delicious. The food was hot, fresh, and delicious. I know will be going to Beef's often. My meal also came with my choice of 2 sides.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2010,2/6/2011,14,90,3,6,5>Fantastic menu selection with well executed dishes and great presentation. Vibrant atmosphere and the service was awesome the day we went. The bartender staff was friendly and very knowledgeable when we asked her random questions about French cuisine.We went there for dinner before going to basketball game. Duck confit was outstanding, Foie Gras appetizer with waffle was perfectly cooked. Croque Monsieur had that "melt in your mouth" tenderness but Fries were just alright. Zinc can be pretty pricey however they have happy hours menu and cheap beverages if you don't mind sitting at the bar. Some items listed on the menu may not be available due to the season or well... they just run out of the items. Not a very good excuse. Anyhow, I had a pleasant experience overall contrary to what some reviews said. We'd have to check out patio seating when the summer arrives.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2010,2/5/2011,36,127,2,8,4>I still don't understand why people don't use the library more. You can order materials from the comfort of home and receive and email or text when they are ready to pick up. They have all the new DVD, CD, and book releases too. Check out the sizzlers rack when you first come in for the new releases (these have a shorter rental time). The library has meeting rooms available and offers free classes for adults to take. I attended a social networking class put on by a local marketing company last month. Check out the schedule of events on-line! The Strongsville Library also has a friends of the library book sale section. You can donate your old books here and find some good materials to purchase for $.25 - $1.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2011,2/4/2011,148,149,6,5,3>THE UP-SIDE:  Upon approaching this place for a good Mexican dinner, you'll probably find yourself wondering, "Why are we going into a castle?"  Once you get inside, make sure to be seated on the back patio if the weather allows.  In my opinion, taking dinner on the back patio of this restaurant is the main reason to take dinner at this restaurant.  The patio is spacious and the view is all lake.  Get here just before sunset, and you've got a great show to go with dinner.Dinner?  It's good Mexican food.  I've never had a bad meal here.  I've never had a spectacular meal either.  It's just solid Mexican fare.THE DOWN-SIDE:  While the back patio is a wonderful place to have dinner, the inside is sorely lacking in terms of decor and layout.  One gets the feel it used to be something else and the Mexican thing was sorta smooshed in after it left.  In fact, at one point this place was a medieval dining spot.  THE SUM-IT-UP:  Go for the patio dining experience and go at sunset.  'nuff said.
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2011,2/3/2011,30,393,,5,3>From reading what other reviewers had said, I didn't quite know what to expect when I went to The Colony.  It was far less divey than I expected.  I'd describe it as a homey bar attached to a restaurant.  While waiting for my large party to arrive, I sat down at the bar and was immediately offered a drink and/or a menu.  Being a picky vegetarian, restaurant/bars don't always have all that many options for me, but I guess that's why everyone says The Colony isn't your average restaurant/bar!  As I perused the menu, I saw lots of options for me - everything from nachos, to salads, to sandwiches, and wraps.  The daily features menu also offered some vegetarian options, including a delicious sounding portabella pasta.  Once more people in my party arrived, we were promptly seated and had our drink orders taken.  Food arrived in spurts, which left some of us hungrier than others.  I felt a little guilty chowing down on my meatless Reuben while others patiently waited for food, but no one really seemed to mind.  I really enjoyed my sandwich and the house salad I had ordered - they both were fresh and flavorful.  You can really tell that someone in the kitchen takes pride in making good quality food.  My boyfriend really enjoyed his meatloaf.  Others have raved about it in their reviews, and if you're into that kind of thing, I'm sure it is amazing.  I've never seen such a large slice of meatloaf, to be honest.I look forward to going back to The Colony sometime soon to check out more of their food and more importantly - their booze.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2010,2/2/2011,31,26,7,4,3>My Italian friends (Paison to the uninitiated), have long argued over whether or not the Sopranos was just a great television show or a blight on the entire Italian culture.  The one thing we always agreed on was that the scenes at Bada Bing were always more interesting than any other part of the show. Tony smashing the bartender in the head with a telephone and naked women were responsible for 99% of the testosterone production in the United States during those scenes.  So during a trip into Painesville for a high school football game I came across a little storefront with "Bada Bing" lit up in the front window. So I think to myself "Hey, I am about to participate is some good clean fun at a high school and since life is all about balance I really should stop in for a lap dance or three just to even things out a bit".  So after stopping at the bank to get a bunch of one dollar bills because I am a cheap son of a gun, I head over to the club.  BUT.....I was deceived. This particular establishment is a pizza joint.  I wonder how many pizzas they sell that are paid for with a bunch of one dollar bills from fat sweaty men who keep averting their eyes.  Hmmmm.The good part of all this is that I had the best meatball sub I have ever tasted in my life.  Not only was it tasty, but it was HUGE. No way I was eating that whole thing in one sitting.  My brother ordered a pizza which was just as good.  The place is staffed by a husband and wife team. She works the front and he cooks.  If every place provided customer service like Bada Bing then this world would be a much happier place. Ordering was quick and easy, the food came out fresh and fast, and my $20.00 in ones was way more than I needed to cover the two meals.  I don't get to Painesville often, but if I do get back I really want to try their ribs and a calzone.  The table next to mine ordered those items and I could hear them raving about them.So if you are ever in Painesville and need a cheap, delicious alternative then this is the place to be even without the pole dancing.Oh, and we one the football game, too.  Woohoo!!!
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,2/1/2011,64,154,4,3,3>There's nothing like a solid neighborhood hot dog joint. I love going to Scooter's Dawg House out in Mentor, but that's not exactly in my neighborhood...and while I really wanted the hot dog place in Coventry to be my neighborhood hot dog place, it never seemed to be open when I wanted to go there! (That place was sorta like Guns 'N Roses--when they're doing their thing, they're amazing, but they don't really do their thing with much regularity!) Fortunately, I think that I've struck gold on the west side, because The Happy Dog serves up some of the best hot dogs that I've had in a long time.Honestly, my biggest problem with The Happy Dog is deciding what to get on my hot dog! There are SO many different toppings--I think there were at least 50! I spent at least 10 minutes deciding, and my choices were chorizo chili, smoked gouda, and grilled onions. My wife Sheila F. got chocolate mole sauce.  Both of our dogs were delicious. One nice thing about The Happy Dog is that the dogs themselves are substantial--people go nuts about Skyline Chili, and while I enjoy it for what it is, I always feel like a treasure hunter when I eat there because it's always a rewarding experience to find the miniscule hot dog in the bun amidst the chili and cheese. Fortunately, The Happy Dog serves 'em up thick and meaty. For side dishes, my wife got the tater tots and I got the fries. There's a wide variety of dipping sauces for them too; I had the chili grape jelly sauce and my wife had the garlic aioli (which was glorious). This place also serves up a wide variety of beers and drinks at decent prices; we didn't have one when we went, but I'm sure we'll grab some in the future.We were told that there was supposed to be live music, and my law school classmate who we saw while dining spoke very highly of the band, but by the time we were done eating, both my wife and I had such serious food comas that we decided it was best to head out before we fell asleep at the table. From what I've seen on the website, they have live music pretty often, so maybe we'll hear it on the many future visits that we will make to this establishment in the future.The Happy Dog definitely makes its patrons very happy people, and you'll most likely be happy as a clam if you go there!
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2010,1/31/2011,14,48,2,4,4>Step one: Go there with an old friend for a beer.Step two: Look around, notice it is pretty empty, sit down at the bar and laugh.Step three: Get a few beers and chat with the bartender who enters into your conversation without being overbearing -- but he also happens to have the bartender-sixth-sense to know when to leave you alone for a while.Step four: Sum it up -- it is a local place, owned by the same guy for twelve years. He is fun, cares about the place and it shows. Its nothing special, but the service was amazing and more than made up for it.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2011,1/30/2011,8,20,,3,2>I feel like I owe this place a review since we go here all of the time and it inevitably is the restaurant we compare many others to.  We love, love, love Crave and feel so lucky to have it in Akron.  The steak skewers on the appetizer menu are so freaking good.  The goat cheese with tomato sauce is another great appetizer.  The mac and cheese (get it with asparagus) is just as good as what you'd get at Lolita.  We've also had and loved the muffaletta, steak wrap, pulled pork, and BLT.  I really don't think we've ever left here disappointed and the prices are very fair.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2011,1/29/2011,78,264,,7,3>My husband and I are SERIOUS about breakfast. We're always trying new joints in search of the perfect AM plate. After today, Borderline Cafe is now solidly in our regular rotation. For breakfast out, I often just order the basic eggs/toast/hashbrowns plate. Borderline makes even this simple standby fresh. The italian bread for toast is clearly homemade or from the bakery down the street - perfectly toasted and FANTASTIC. The homefries are seasoned really well - sooo yummy. Sean got the banana walnut stuffed french toast and that was great too.  They really have a lot of southwestern style breakfast items and interesting non-standards that we can't wait to try. Breakfast quesadillas, steak and egg sliders? Yes, please!The place is pretty small (about 10 tables) and there isn't really much room inside to wait so unless it's summer, I recommend going on an off hour. (Went at 10:30 AM on a Saturday and only waited about 15 min).  Such a cute, homey little restaurant - you feel like you're eating in somebody's kitchen. Oh - and it's cash only - but only the best places are. Definitely go and give this place a try.  YUM! Can't wait to go back.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,1/28/2011,97,533,1,2,1>Food and service were exceptional on a recent visit. We started with the larb (a ground chicken salad with tons of flavor); three of us had curries (red, green, and yellow); and my husband had a chili duck dish. All were done perfectly and were nicely balanced. I was tempted to lick my plate. This place is on my way home from work, so this could get dangerous to my waistline and wallet...
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,1/27/2011,37,35,3,4,3>The garishly huge red neon sign out front takes me back to my youth.  I feel like, for some reason, every time I pull into the parking lot that I should have the new Arcade Fire album playing loudly; if it weren't for the big box stores in the area, I'd have thought this Cleveland food staple was one of those little ice cream shops from my small-town childhood.Really, that's what East Coast Custard is.  It's always busy, and there are always plenty of families there for a treat.  Sometimes it's baseball teams in the summer, still wearing their dirt-clad white pants.  Sometimes it's college students looking for a getaway.  Always, it's someone looking for great ice cream -- and the unique frozen custard that can only be found on America's North Coast (East Coast?).The recipe dates back to the days of the Euclid Beach scene, but there are plenty of special flavors updated to today's palate, as well as the more basic ones.  The custard is decadent.  It is ice cream of a sort, but far creamier, far richer, more substantial, probably more fattening, and certainly far better.  I'm embarrassed for the Dairy Queen across the street.For a more health-conscious person (c'mon, get the custard; ECC is a "sometimes" food), there is frozen yogurt.  It's not Pinkberry, et al., but it's more ice-creamy, and the flavors are unique and seasonal, much like the custard.Check the website for a calendar of flavors, as the menu rotates with the days and the season.  I would certainly recommend the birthday cake custard, by the way.If for no other reason than to smell the strangely characteristic scent of the ice cream shop from your childhood -- and to have dessert like no one cares -- ECC is *the* choice for ice cream.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,1/26/2011,23,201,1,3,1>I hit up the West Side Market and was craving pho and Phnom Penh was in the area. I was skeptical to try their pho so I decided to give it a shot. I was disappointed and happy at the same time when my bowl of pho came out. The pho tasted great for the Cleveland area and especially for a place that is primarily Cambodian cuisine but the bowl was so small. My friends also had some traditional Cambodian cuisine (I believe it was either the Beef Bayon or the Amok Siemreap) and they enjoyed it very much, as well as the Guanabana drink they had ordered.I'll give this place another try and I will definitely try their Cambodian dishes.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2011,1/25/2011,68,481,,3,1>I haven't really had a bad experience here.There was one time when there was a seating issue outside and the waitstaff seemed to have difficulty keeping up with things.But, other than that, great calamari, spinach ravioli, and lasagna as far as I'm concerned! I also recently had a great time at the bar in the front. Our bartender was cute and hilarious; quite a lady! The prices are a little steep if you're looking for an amazing dish, but it IS tasty. The drink prices didn't seem too bad, though. Overall, I'm not opposed to returning, especially because it is nice and more my style than any other Little Italy sit-down-and-get-served joint and the atmosphere is enjoyable.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2010,1/24/2011,104,314,1,2,2>Oh, man!  Tonight's show was terrific.  Dave Coulier is a great guy and he has a hillarious stand-up act.  The guy is sooo talented.  The opener and the feature act were also very very funny tonight.  Great show for a Sunday night in chilly downtown Cleveland!While I'm at it, the fries served here are delicious.  They are large cut steak fries and cooked perfectly.  I had the buffalo chicken wrap, which was also yummy.  I tried my cousin's onion ring and it was delish.  Oh, and the pitcher of Dortmunder Gold that we shared was gone in 20 minutes and it was fresh and delicious.  Dortmunder is so much better on tap than it is in a bottle.
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,1/23/2011,227,138,1,11,3>One of the best tailors I've ever had. I will drive out of my way to come here.  Closed on Mondays.  I've had many suits and jeans tailored here.  I was paying triple downtown or at those chain stores where u can tailor while u wait.  I just had a pair of Rock & Republic jeans dropped off Thursday night and picked them up Saturday and paid $8.00.  Very happy and will continue to come back.  Also good to support a local business owner
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,1/22/2011,2,36,,1,1>This zoo is fantastic. It's usually not too crowded and the exhibits are neat, clean, and easy to get to.It is small, but I consider that a perk. We can take the fam out and do the whole thing in a few hours. A giant zoo is nice but if you just want a fun outing and not a big 'ol trip, this is the place to go.The penguin exhibit is a big hit for the kiddos as they can interact with the swimming penguins through the glass. At the moment, they also have a nifty jellies exhibit, too.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,1/21/2011,43,95,5,6,6>Holy nautical theme!  I've always been afraid of this place 1. because it's on west sixth and 2. because I hate nautical anything.Surprisingly I really enjoyed the nautical theme.  Gave it a different kind of atmosphere than the traditional downtown bar.  I also thought the atmosphere was very laid back and chill.  Haven't tried the food yet, but if you want to meet up with some friends in the downtown area and don't feel the need to dress like trash, then try it out.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,1/20/2011,72,198,1,3,4>We can all stop going to Aladdin's like mindless sheep for a falafal fix!  Dolce Wraps has saved us from their mediocrity.  Their perfectly crafted falafal are as good as you'll find on the Westside of Cleveland.They also offer a good selection of sauces to give whatever you order another dimension of taste.Don't forget about their desserts!  They offer one mean baklava.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,1/19/2011,44,84,16,13,13>You are in the middle of a war.  You do not realize this.  But you have already taken sides, and your review of this cupcakery will tell you which side of the battlefield you are on:Are you a person who believes a cake is a delivery mechanism for that sweet, creamy icing, and they could serve it to you on an envelope as long as it was slathered in frosting?  OR: Do you believe that a cake is about the moist, delicious cake inside, and that icing on the cake is, well.... the icing on the cake?  If you think that a (cup)cake is about the cake, YOU ARE WRONG.  Do not pass Go.  Return to sender.  And so, having chosen the losing side in the battle, you can pleasantly skip Main Street Cupcakes. If, however, you are on the side of rightness and goodness and warm soft puppies and you believe in the power of icing, then Main Street Cupcakes is the thin needle through which wondrous sucrose heroin flows.  Because their cupcakes are lopsided affairs, the icing sagging to one side like an old Baltimore lady with a stiff bouffant, and almost all the flavor is in the icing.  The icing is delicious. It is flavorful, not that crappy cream cheese frosting that evil folk like, but the kind of rich frosting you can leave visible thumbprints in....and it has cake underneath.  People get pissy because OMG I CAME HERE AND I DIDN'T GET CUPCAKES, but that's part of the charm.  They open up in the morning with a set supply of cupcakes, and when they're sold out - which they always do - they close the doors.  Not only does that set up a lovely racing situation where it makes the cupcakes more special, but come on!  Who doesn't wanna live that kind of life? You get up at 6:00 to make your cupcakes, and when the day's done you go home.  Don't be a hata.  Also, you know, it means when you GET the cupcakes, they're fresh.  I'm sure you could make a case that HEY, THEY SHOULD BE COOL FOR MY CONVENIENCE AND BAKE INFINITE CUPCAKES THAT STAY ON THE SHELF UNTIL THEY'RE CRUSTY AND OLD, but the truth is when you get a Main Street Cupcake, the clock is ticking.  It lasts about thirty-six hours before it dries out and you're done.  These are natural cupcakes.  Plus, the cupcakes come in a variety of flavors, they're always experimenting.  That's great.  So it's five stars if you're on the side of the angels and their delectable frosting, Main Street Cupcakes is for you.  If you're on the side of, you know, cake, then I guess you can go somewhere else.  They probably cater to your kind.  Not that I'd sit next to you.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,1/17/2011,162,287,10,10,11>I know I already reviewed the other Alesci's...but I go to this one more often so I'm not sure why I reviewed that other one.I love this store and shop here often. They have the best selection of fresh olives. They're really good and not the soggy crap you'll get in a can. Their bread is unbeatable. I also really like their sausage. You can buy fresh dough here for bread, pizza, etc. It's pretty decent and works well when you're pressed for time. They sell a large selection of canned tomatoes for gravy making purposes. San marzanos, even. The most interesting part of the store is all of the Italian junk they sell. Okay, not all of it is junk. They sell pasta machines and bowls and a few other useful things. They sell baby bibs and coffee mugs that say "I've got an Italian attitude" and those red peppers with crowns on top that all of the guido's have hanging from their rearviews.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2010,1/16/2011,67,84,1,7,3>I *heart* mexican food. El Jalapenos does it well enough. Okay, so its only 3 blocks from my home -- that doesn't mean I'll give it unfair wager. In fact I don't go there much because ... well... I can't eat out all the time and am usually on the move away from home when eating out. Okay ... back to the mexican food. El Jalapenos first of all has really great atmosphere. They keep the lighting at the perfect level to be able to notice all of the decor and color spread throughout the restaurant. Also since there are only a few windows near the front of the establishment, the dining experience remains uninterrupted by the bustle of Lakewood on 117th St. It feels like I can escape to El Cardon for the afternoon or evening. Chips and salsa on the table for good measure as with any Mexicano joint. These ones are good, and I usually get spicy salsa or mix the habanero sauce in with the regular. Menu is a full-on mexicano menu as you would see at many other popular restaurants. Enchiladas verdes are usually my first pick. Always a staple item for me. The Grande Burrito is actually very impressive! Think 12in flour tortilla filled with fresh meats and vegetables, creamy sauce and sour creme. Nothing incredibly special just grande deliciousness. I've also heard their fajitas were pretty much spectacular but I'm not much of a connoisseur in that area. Service is quick and personal. I have occasionally found a slow waiter during a lunch hour when I had to eat and run but they're usually pretty good about it. Prices are average. A dinner for two with drinks would probably run you $28. Take a trip there. I like it. You might too.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2010,1/15/2011,114,56,3,11,4>I'm baaaaaack. After a long hiatus from Yelp I've decided to get back at it. So what does this mean? It obviously means that my experience at Istanbul Grill was one that I wanted to share with everyone.  You may then ask, if you wanted to share the experience so bad, why did you give it only four stars?  Here's why. This was my first time to the Istanbul Grill and the approach I'm going to take is that a place has to absolutely blow me away for me to give it a 5 star rating the first time I dine there. Due to some combination of food, atmosphere, creativity, selection.  Otherwise think 4 = 5 until I get a chance to go back.  And you thought Al Gore did fuzzy math....  Anyway Istanbul Cafe a cozy little neighborhood place in Tremont on the south end of Professor Ave. The place has a great neighborhood feel to it, nothing too fancy but still inviting.  I sat at the bar since I was by myself and there was a football game on TV. For dinner I had the Mixed Grill Kebab ($19).  While the $19 price tag seems steep when the plate came out I thought I had ordered two meals. The Mixed Grill Kebab was a combination of four different meats. Chicken, Gyro Meat, Lamb, and Lamb and beef.  All the meat was super tender and juicy.  The mix of herbs and spices were a perfect balance to give the meat some added flavor but not overpowering to the point that you can't appreciate the great taste of all the meat involved. The rice pilaf was good as well although nothing special. After all, rice is still rice and they aren't trying to make it the focus of the dish. I easily could have eaten half and taken half home.  In fact I should have.  But either way I left a very happy customer who is looking forward to going back.Bottom Line: I'd highly recommend checking out Istanbul Grill if you like Mediterranean food. After another trip or two it could quite possibly overtake my current favorite, Aladdin's.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2010,1/14/2011,70,110,,9,4>Puff puff yum...It is hard to find a good cigar shop. There is such an anti-smoking stigma, but people have to realize that most people smoke a cigar maybe once a week! I am willing to take a small health risk for pure enjoyment weekly/monthly. This shop has decent selection but the service is great. They are very helpful and eager to assist you in your next smoke! They are very knowledgeable and have a pretty good understanding of their customer as well. Their prices are typical of a brick and mortar cigar shop. They just can't compete with online warehouses, but that is ok. What I like most is the smokers lounge in the back. It has lockers for your stuff and they have nice large plush chairs. It is very classy and a great place to escape. That is exactly what a cigar shop should be. My only complaint has arisen when I signed up for their email list. They send out great emails but they are almost daily emails, I can't allocate that much time to reading emails all day! Other than that, these guys are the real deal!
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2010,1/13/2011,86,287,4,5,5>Although my grandmother was off-the-boat Hungarian, I didn't appreciate her cooking when I was a kid. Toffee cake? No thanks, I'd rather have a Snickers. Veal paprikash? Schnitzel? What, we can't go to Taco Bell?But when I come to Balaton I realize what I missed. This place has seriously some of the best Hungarian home cooking there is to be offered in the states. You know it's old-school ethnic when there's a guy sitting around the dining room sipping from a glass of wine, and it looks like his only job is to smile at people as they walk by. As for the food, it's fantastic. The bread alone is worth it, but definitely order a cucumber salad with a veal, chicken or mushroom paprikash, and you will leave here a better person. They have two choices for most dishes: small and large. I ordered a small, and it still looked like they dumped the whole pot out on my plate. Daaaaamn good stuff. It almost makes me want to go to the east side more often. Almost.
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,1/12/2011,52,95,,5,3>Beautiful facilities.  That's it.I'm sad I'm not going to school at CWRU anymore, because I don't get the super cheap rate to get in.I could spend hours just wandering around the grounds of the Cleveland Botanical Gardens.  The greenhouses are fantastic.  You go from the "desert" to the "rainforest", and both are beautiful in their own way.  I remember seeing an orchid exhibit one year.  They could have just set up a bunch of flowers in pots...whoop-dee-doo...but no...they actually created rooms based around the flowers.  They had a messy teenager's room, a fancy office, and several others that featured different flowers.  It was an incredibly original and interesting way to showcase these plants.Sadly, I have never been to the gardens in the summer when the plants outside were blooming.  I have seen pictures, but never seen it in "real life".  I feel that it would be a breathtaking experience though.If you're in the Cleveland area and want to find a nice way to enjoy nature (well, as much nature as we can find around here sometimes) take a trip to the Cleveland Botanical Garden.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2010,1/11/2011,12,92,,4,3>I'm giving them 5 stars for the fried chicken alone. It is amazing. It has this super crunchy crust that is totally unlike anything I've ever had on fried chicken before. It's like having your chicken thoroughly egg-battered and then friend crispy. The result is positively delicious. I love the ribs too. They don't boil their ribs before cooking them, so if you like 'fall off the bone' type ribs, these are not for you. These are good ribs to knaw on. They were also impressively big.I almost docked them a star for borderline surly service and lack of A/C, but at this price ($30 for four people +leftovers) I can hardly complain. They'll have to be much grouchier than that to keep me away from that fried chicken.Things that were great:+Mac n cheese+Fried chicken+Sausage +BBQ sauceThings that were not great:-Not terribly friendly (to us)-No diet in the soda machine-Greens were only so so-The sausage ends up too soaked in slaw and bbq sauce to actually eat with your hands. The bun will just fall apart.-Zero ambiance. They could use the services of a carpenter and a painter.Final note: this review is for the pink location on Carnegie and does not apply to the Lee Rd location, which was only mediocre IMHO.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,1/10/2011,196,453,4,7,5>I am a fan of their pierogies!!  These $5 gifts from heaven are AWESOME!  Ana, the restaurant / bar manager is also the daughter of the owners.  MA (the mother) cooks most of the food or at least provides all the recipes while 'The Ol'' Man sits at the end of the bar entertaining the patrons.  I like this place because the people there are soooo nice.  There is almost always free food out, they have the occasional band, and best yet, NO GUY BARTENDERS!!  They need something to get the boys away to spend some cash right?Stop in on a random weekend, sit at the bar, order a beer and some pierogies, you won't be disappointed.  You'll also be amazed on how big and open it is in there.  They have some video games, a juke, decent bathrooms, and ample bar stools.  If its nice out, you'll find some people out on their patio which is really nice.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2010,1/9/2011,57,156,2,5,3>I've been meaning to try this place for a while based on the good reviews from friends and boy am I glad I did.  At first it can be terribly overwhelming stepping into the small store front, as there seem to be about 4 dozen pies to choose from.  I stopped in an hour before closing and despite a number of them being sold out there was still so many to choose from that I needed about 15 minutes and an extensive consultation with the woman at the counter to make a decision.  Most pies come in 8" or 10" sizes and prices start at $12 for an 8" fruit pie.  So on top of the variety issue, I also wrestled with how much pie to buy.The Strawberry-Apple pie was delicious, and I need to go back to try some of the many other permutations of fruit pies as well as the cream pies.  The Elvis (Peanut Butter/Banana Cream) has my name on it and is at the top of the list for return visit purchases.  Gray House also stocks a number of quiches and "pub pies" which are muffin sized savory concoctions with a variety of fillings.  These were a surprise and a delight.  The Carnitas pie was really, really good.  I had high hopes for the Mac N Cheese pie, but it ended up being a little dry.  The Mac N Cheese also had peas and carrots in it.   I don't need healthy stuff messing up my Pie Crust wrapped mac n cheese.  I'll be going back, just be sure to get there before me or there might not be anything left.
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,1/8/2011,19,46,2,5,4>I consider myself pretty adventurous with food. I've even had my fair share of Boca burgers and faux chicken, but for some reason the idea of vegan restaurants scares the pants off of me. I start reading things like vegan mayo and soy cheese and I imagine flavors and textures like candle wax.In this case I was wrong. I am blown away by how good my lunch was at Flaming Ice Cube. I had the Buffalo Panini - which is buffalo chik'n spread with spinach, tomato and onions on pressed ciabatta. It. was. fantastic. The spread was like a better version of the buffalo chicken dip I've had at so many holiday parties. The bread was light and fresh with a crispy exterior. I am not usually a fan of soft spreads in sandwiches but I found the spread-to-bread ratio to be perfect. Sandwiches come with the side option of corn and black bean salsa or Mediterranean pasta salad. I opted for the salsa, which was a hearty mix of black beans, corn and poblano peppers. It was very reminiscent of my long-gone favorite side at Einstein Bagels.Aside from sandwiches, the restaurant offers breakfast, smoothies, salads, burgers and desserts along with an assortment of teas, chips, bars and the like. The only reason they lose a star is because the restaurant is very small and, in the winter, very cold. I was shivering up a storm while waiting for my food.
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2010,1/7/2011,146,412,3,5,3>I really, really enjoyed Civilization! They call themselves a coffeeshop "in the tradition of a European cafe" in Tremont.The food is definitely a highlight! I had a croissant (only $1!) that was fresh, flaky and buttery. Mmm. The small coffees are only $1, and I had a great green tea for $1.50. For lunch, I had a turkey panini with veggies and hummus for $5.95. (It came with a small side of nacho chips? That was weird.) Next time, I'm definitely going to try the croissant with broccoli ($2.50)!!The decor is amazing! I love the dark wood "benches" against the wall, and the beautiful tables. I really enjoyed watching the interesting characters that came in and out, including some of Cleveland's finest hipsters. :)The staff was also friendly. Free wifi, and they accept credit. Yay!I will definitely be back, for work, to read, to hang out with some friends for a few hours... Hooray!
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,1/6/2011,215,581,6,13,9>Yay, movies!  I need to do this more often.Being a fairly new resident of Cleveland, I don't have the "before" picture to compare this wonderful new refurbished theater to.  Even still, it was awesome.  An adult ticket, at $9, was a little steep, but I'm not sure if it's any cheaper in the bigger theaters (as I've only ever gone to the movies during the daytime in the Cleve).  The popcorn was really good. I don't take a thing like popcorn lightly. It wasn't too salty, greasy, cold, or chewy.  Great popcorn.Everyone was really nice there.The theater itself was kind of small, with the screen a bit askew, but it was ok because it wasn't too crowded and we were able to get a "good seat."  As Rob mentioned, the picture and sound quality were outstanding.  It's all the perks of a mega-theater in "high def" and all that, without the feeling that your soul's being sucked out.  Another good thing? The floors were not sticky in the least.  The place is majorly clean.I loved coming here for an evening out, and there are several dining options within close proximity (Luxe, Stone Mad, etc.) to make a whole night of it.
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2010,1/5/2011,88,107,2,9,5>Suburban Deliciousness!!!!The restaurant is nestled away on one end of Stein-Mart Plaza.  It's authentic Vietnamese and Thai food that's really close to me- saves me a trip downtown.  Don't skip the Thai Coffee- it's perfectly sweetened with condensed milk and offers the most delicious aroma. THE SHRIMP AND CHICKEN WONTON SOUP IS THE BEST- PERFECTLY SEASONED AND COMFORTING on a chilly fall/winter day.  It has become my version of "grandma's chicken noodle soup." :D  The summer rolls were very fresh and meshed well with their peanut/hoisin sauce- nothing too special though.  I tried their steak pho soup, which was good (OF COURSE NOT AS GREAT AS SUPERIOR PHO- but for a suburban Thai/Vietnamese restaurant good) They gave us plenty of bean sprouts and lime to squeeze into the soup with siracha and hoisin.  I was a little disappointed with the Broken Rice there- maybe because I got the chicken version.  The chicken was slightly tangy and sweet, but not as marinated and as well seasoned as it should have been.  The rice, cucumber, pickle, and carrots were very good.  The rice had a nice sticky consistency, as Broken Rice should.  Again, my palate is probably a little discriminatory since Superior Pho's Broken Rice.  The service was speedy and very accommodating.  The waitresses were very nice and patient as we decided what to get.  The atmosphere is quiet and relaxing.  The decor reminds you of colonial Vietnam or Thailand with the wrought iron and exotic flower decor.  They have a set of ornate candle lamps hanging from the wall.  Several buddhas and an antique trunk adorning the waiting area with several comforting chairs.The meals are relatively inexpensive.  We even go take out to go with our dinner and were completely stuffed at the end, spending only 42.00 after dinner and take out (including 3 appetizer soups, 1 appetizer, steak pho soup, broken rice, a thai coffee + tapioca pearls, and another pho soup (to-go) .  Next time, I'll try the pad thai or pineapple rice.  YOU MUST MUST GET THE SHRIMP AND CHICKEN WONTON SOUP. its DEEELLLLLLIIIIICCCCIIIIIOUUUUUSSSS!!!  and the waitresses will make you feel welcomed and at home :).
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2010,1/4/2011,82,187,,7,6>Great dining experience, amazing food in enormous portions.  We tried three of the four dips with pita as an appetizer (hummus, garlic eggplant, and feta with roasted red pepper.)  All of us loved each of them with the perfectly warmed pita.  Good app.Greek salads came out next which was fresh and good size with tasty dressing.  For the meal, my friend and I split a gyro pizza and a fire chicken pizza (small, 6 slices- but tall with meat).  I only tried the gyro pizza which was topped with tzatziki sauce, heaps of gyro meat, and a bit of cheese.  And it was amazing.  For the price ($5), it was a VERY reasonable deal.  We took most of the food to go as we ordered much more than we could handle, but I would definitely recommend the gyros or anything with their fresh gyro meat.  Nice, clean and relaxed atmosphere.  Bar area is separated by a glass wall, which leaves tables and booths on the restaurant side.  The kitchen in semi-open to the restaurant and is a nice set-up. Original owner Niko is back here in business  (for the past 5 months) and I wish him the best.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,1/3/2011,25,85,3,5,4>After years of paying what I thought to be about double the fair price for a standard barber's haircut (over $20 with a tip), I came to L&G on a recommendation.  I have a pretty basic head of hair to cut, but I was dealing with a very stressful job change and the thought of the hand and arm massage, gratis, was nice.I've now been getting my hair cut here, by the same girl, for three years.  She does a great job and I always enjoy BSing with her.The reception staff is alreays friendly, and they all know me by name.The pre-cut treatment (shampoo, hand and arm massage, etc.) is great.  I wish it lasted longer.  My only real complaint is that my stylist has been promoted twice, now, while my haircuts have gotten no more complex.  So, it's not the steal it once was, but there's something about having a relationship with someone that has scissors and razors so close to your face.  I'm not going to leave this treatment to save $8 a month.One other nice perk... while the barber shop smells like barbicide, which was fine (I like the smell of clean), L&G smells like expensive Aveda products.  That is to say it smells great.  Just an overall relaxing experience I look forward to every month.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,1/2/2011,29,41,12,10,8>This place is a horror, if you are an animal rights activist or if you want a  cheap dining experience. Otherwise read on. Brasa Grill Steakhouse is not really a steakhouse in the traditional American sense. It is of the Brazilian flair (Churrascaria). So here's what it means. It's a pseudo buffet style eatery. The starters such as salad and other side dishes are on a buffet in the middle. You get an assortment of good food here that you really don't want to fill up on. On the night I went: cocktail shrimp, green beans, pasta salad and more was served. Next comes a carnivore's heaven or a PETA member's nightmare on a stick! Servers with meat on skewers walk up to your table and announces the type and cut. You either drool and use your tongs to grab the slice he cuts for you right there and then or you can pass. Needless to say, I drooled a lot that night. Protein Oh Protein. I love thou on skewer. Meathead, art thy servant, I shalt be thy chewer.It's ok to be picky. Really. If you hear a cut of meat you rather pass, just simply pass. I do advise checking out the list they have up front (ask host or hostess) so you can plan your South American cuisine venture Here's a few things to note:Our waitress brought out some cheese bread that were 2 inch diameter goodness when we first sat down which we promptly consumed. These little poppers are wonderful and will go well with some of the dishes from the buffet. So save some for after you've visited the buffet (or ask for more).Our Waitress also brought out some fried plantain, fries, rice, crunchy meat seasoning and salsa for our table but she did so a little late into our dinner. So be sure to ask for those to compliment your meats before they arrive.Other then that, be sure to bring mulah.  It's pricy but well worth it.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,1/1/2011,62,160,6,7,7>Oh Yelp, I know I've been a bad girl and it's been almost *gasp* Two Months since my last review....please forgive me, I had some big exams and I felt the need to find something very special for my 100th review. Patience is not one of my best virtues, but this time, it definitely was worth the wait.Those who know me even just a little can attest to my love of books, my collection is my pride and joy. I've been privileged to spend countless hours in stores across North America that rank in the "Top 10" consistently, including: The Strand, City Lights, Powell's, McNally Robinson and Elliott Bay. There is something special about these booksellers that draw us in with their abundance of personality and special attention to the product they bring into their stores. They are run BY book lovers, FOR book lovers. At these stores you will not find the glassy-eyed teenager stocking the shelves, who doesn't know the difference between Tolstoy and Tolkien; you will find knowledgeable people who have a true passion for the written word.My number one bookstore for the past 10 years has been Wessel and Lieberman Booksellers in Pioneer Square in Seattle. It is everything a bookstore should be, quiet, warm, inviting, and perfect for myself since they specialize in rare and out-of-print books. Two of my most prized Children's Books with hand-painted block art images are from that very store....and from now on, they have to share my number one spot with Loganberry Books in Shaker Heights.Finding myself out for the Larchmere Holiday Stroll and Bazaar Bizarre on Friday, this store was the saving grace for an afternoon out in the cold wind. Up until my visit to Loganberry, I had been trying to find a great bookstore in Cleveland and had been quite disappointed. Yes, even the lauded Joseph-Beth's left me hanging, it had the "big box" feel to it. Back to Loganberry, I sit here trying to put just how I felt into words and find that I am at a loss....it was like reconnecting with a beloved friend after years of being apart combined with the anguish that you have at the reunion when thinking of all the potential treasured moments lost during that separation. Yeah, I'm a sap when it comes to literature....The store itself is cozy and inviting, and not in a small sense either! It's one of the most well-appointed independent bookstores I've ever been to. The sections are laid out with grace and flair, allowing for easy browsing and the discovery of new jewels for your collection. Two of Loganberry's sections deserve praise above all others....their Children's section and something they like to call The Sanctuary.It is one of the best Children's sections I have ever seen. You can get beautiful illustrated picture books for your little ones to read at night right alongside classic young reader novels and more for a teenager to choose other than the "Twilight" series (I've read it, it's good, but there is definitely more out there than just Jacob and Edward). Trying to find cherished books from your childhood? They've got them. Even my dad would be able to find stuff here, we ran across a bunch of Zane Grey...probably because he was born in Ohio, but still, there were about 5 of his Westerns sitting on the shelf! The only wish that I would have of the Children's section is to bring in some more high-end collector's books. They do have some rather lovely re-bound classics and a number of first-editions, but even more books with fine illustrations by people like Charles van Sandwyk would knock it out of the park.The Sanctuary is like the Secret Garden except with books! A large room at the back of the store dedicated to fragile and delicate books, not necessarily expensive ones, but books that deserve special handling and treatment. Most of the titles are behind glass doors that the employees will kindly open at your request. Once again, a beautiful selection of Children's lit; a full shelf of Alice to choose my favorite from....I came away with a limited release illustrated version. Don't even ask the price, one of my favorite quotes is from Erasmus..."When I get a little money, I buy books; and if any is left, I buy food and clothes."I doubt my review will sway anyone not already familiar with this place to head to Loganberry's....judging by the crowd on Friday; it seems that all the literary people in Cleveland already have made this store their home. This store deserves and, even more importantly, looks like it RECEIVES support from the community. Seeing the glow in the eyes of a young girl wandering around the Children's section as she picked up book after book, searching for that special one to take home and crack the binding...it made me think maybe all is not lost in these dark days of the Kindle.I do not profess to being a good writer, and, in truth, Loganberry deserves much better than my rambling review, but it merits my frank praise, as do Independent Booksellers everywhere.....5001 character limit? :-(
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2010,12/31/2010,298,127,5,8,7>Since I have moved to the CLE, Parallaxx has been on my radar. I had heard nothing but fantastic things and finally got a chance to check it out for myself.Basically Paralalxx is win all the way around. The food is superb, the staff attentive, and the décor minimalist and sleek. Foodie buddy pushed me towards the sushi because I have been bitching about Midwestern sushi fair since the day I stepped off the plane. I must say, I was in no way disappointed. The sushi was fresh, the rice expertly made, and the presentation on par with the best. I highly recommend the surf and turf roll. It is one of the best rolls I have ever had and is well worth the $28 dollar price tag. The rainbow roll was terrific for $14 dollar tag and the spicy tuna was a steal at $6.Now, I hate to say anything in CLE is pricey, but Paralaxx can roll up a bill just as well as they roll sushi. Compared to its brother and sisters in Tremont, Paralaxx gets steep. But, the place is more then classy enough to pass for a "big date night" or special celebration. Now I would pass on the tuna rib appetizer. It was a bland sad little dish which our server was more then willing to exchange for us even though we decided not to send it back. There is not talent inherent to this establishment. It must be carried in.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,12/30/2010,153,207,4,6,9>Everyone comes from somewhere. Not necessarily where you were born, but where you grow up. A place where memory and context form your entire being. A coming of age if you will. Where places, events, experiences and upbringing form character. Where did I grow up? Where were my fondest memories as a youth? In upstate New York, sitting around Grandma Provenzano and Grandpa McG's red and white checkered table clothed kitchen table.  Sauce, meat, fish, bread and red wine abound. The entire family sitting around, captivated by Grandpa's endless stories of yesteryear. A no frills kitchen, but with plenty of old world charm. Grandma didn't use immersion blenders, microplane graters or other fancy tools to cook her meals. She had a flat edged wooden spoon (flat not by design, but through use) and an old forged steel pot that was probably passed down for three generations previous. She cooked the majority of her meals with these few utensils. But you know what? She never complained about it. And meals at that home in that kitchen were some of the best I've ever had. Why did I drone on for two paragraphs about my childhood in a Primo Vino review? Because this place seemed familiar to me. This was my youth! Descending to that basement, seeing the large families gathering around the red and white checkered tables breaking bread together, the cheap red wine poured by the no-nonsense bartender, the Italian Lemon Ice, similar to the stuff my Uncle Guy Bonomo used to make? All reminders of my youth. I felt home here. Memories of a much simpler time were reminisced in the basement of Primo Vino. For the short time I shared with friends in that dining room, I had a moment, perhaps an epiphany. Life slowed down for a short while. We solved all the world's problems over a few glasses of red. These are the times I cherish in life. I'm nostalgic. I'm sentimental. The basement dining room at Primo Vino was a replica to a scene I remember growing up in and I took great comfort in capturing a moment like that during our visit.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,12/29/2010,342,426,11,10,10>Pleasantly surprised. Cleveland, you surprise me at times.Having spent a month exploring the museums in DC (Smithsonian Museum of Contemporary Art!), as well as having frequented the MOMA and the Art Institute of Chicago.... I wondered, could this random art museum in the middle of Case's campus live up to its hype?And yes, it did. Minus the tour ladies who thought my parents and I were foreigners and tried handing us brochures in Japanese (one of them actually pointed to us and said, "here, maybe this will help!" while holding the brochure), and kept telling us about the Asian art exhibit (good grief, stop already!), this museum was great.Sure, it's not as big as most art museums. But honestly, I liked its size. I always hate weaving in and out of people in museums like the Smithsonian, b/c it's always a madhouse- kids screaming, ppl be annoying and not knowing how to look at art, etc etc, but in the CMA, you can actually just walk around and look at the art- without having to go through some strategic path to get to the actual piece of art.Contemporary, French, Medieval, they got it all. I was pleasantly surprised to see Degas, Monet, Picasso, Georgia O'Keefe, and Rodin sculptures around the museum. I definitely did a double take with a - "wha???? this is in CLEVELAND?!!" :) I want to go back for more of their exhibits. I wonder how much a membership would cost....?  Yay for a cool cultural place of Cleveland... :)
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2010,12/28/2010,28,60,7,7,8>I remember when I was a kid, sitting in my dad's car next to Convenient at Detroit and Lewis and spying Danny Boys Pizza. I begged him to get me a pizza, and we did, deciding on sausage as our topping of choice. "Other people can eat pepperoni, but real men eat sausage," my six year-old said as he stifled a laugh. I still remember the taste of that first bite, the aroma of the cheese and herbs and tomatoes, the smile that crept onto my lips.Twenty-two years later, I saw the same look in my son's eye as he had his first taste of Danny Boys. He looked at me and said "Us men, we eat pepperoni, right Dad?" I stifled a laugh, just as my father had before me.Personal anecdote aside, I'm deeply in love with this pizza, with this place. Maybe it's nostalgia, though people we've introduced Danny Boys to feel the same way we do: That this is, quite possibly, one of the most perfect pizzas ever.The crust is thin, and still retains some chewiness. There's some dough to it, making it something your mother would probably want you to eat with a knife and fork. And then, there's the Crust, the part you hold and stare at fondly. It's the last piece I eat, and for good reason: It's the best part of a pizza, your mouth already inundated with cheese and spice. It helps clean your teeth of little bits that shouldn't be there. It's truly the Italian Toothbrush.The sausage is amazing, too. A sweet, zesty Italian so good that it's at home both on top their regular pie, as well as their Chicago Style crust which is -- dare I say -- better than any other Chicago Style pizza I've ever had. Don't like pizza? Fine. Eat the pasta. The homemade sauces are straight out of an Italian grandmother's kitchen. You'll feel your cheeks being pinched, and an older woman telling you "You-a don't eat-a enough. Come. I-a feed you!" with a smile on her face. The sandwiches are good, too. So are the fold-overs. So is the Woogie Bear.Just stop reading and go to Danny Boys. You won't be sorry. Just be prepared to wait. The dining room is small. Or, do what I do: Delivery.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2010,12/27/2010,140,180,4,11,8>Cute, chic and fun!The selection is ecclectic and high end, yet still very reasonably priced.  This place has everything a retro babe needs: vintage Escada and Diane Von Furstenburg, fur wraps and coats, gowns from historic department stores, Jackie Kennedy suits,  all manner of sparkly gewgaws.   My favorite thing had to be the collection of vintage lipstick tubes and perfume bottles.There is also a well edited selection of funky furniture, art, framed celebrity pics and household goods.The utterly fabulous owner, Cynthia will help you make vintage relevant to your wardrobe.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,12/26/2010,88,79,9,15,13>Okay, all right, calm down. YES, The Great Brandino is back for a second and writing a review. I couldn't help it, as this place hits a home run. Without even entering the store, I'd decided to give it five stars, and an official "Brandon's Five Star Rating". So one afternoon when parking for my evening shift at the Flying Fig, I realized I made good time from school and had an hour to kill. I started walking over to the Koffie Cafe, but suddenly noticed a store, ground level, in the old United Bank Building. "What the hell?" I thought, having driven by there every day for months and having had no idea something was moving in that quick (Crop Bistro is slated to open in the same building soon). So, I re-jaywalked across Lorain to check it out. I'd heard of Penzey's, but never ordered anything from them or was in a retail location. The store is on the corner of West 25th and Lorain, again in the awesome ancient United Bank Building, which is soon to be developed into a marketplace/destination. The store is surprisingly large, with soaring ceilings and a nice display of spices arranged in crates+straw, a cool rustic look. They're organized by types and recipes, and they have a few gift ideas set out conveniently for purchase. I can say without doubt that 50% of my Christmas shopping will be done at Penzeys. Chili set? Check. Gift box with 6 different types of grind-able peppercorns? Check.The associates are very friendly and will approach you in a non-annoying fashion. The store is set up so you can have your space, but the second you look perplexed or have need they'll be right with you. The best part? OPEN SEVEN DAYS A WEEK. God, I can't tell you all how important it is to develop not just restaurants for nights, but daytime retail spots that are customer friendly and accessible. They'll have an entire customer base from the confused and disillusioned West Side Market people alone.I've been going through some nasty rough times lately, but when places like this open in my 'hood, it makes me remember why I came back. I friggin love Cleveland.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2010,12/25/2010,150,222,5,6,6>And it happens again.  Why is everyone baiting me to come right their wrongs?   How can someone compare oranges to apples?  The Boston Museum of fine arts is $55?  The Cleveland Museum of Art is free, if you were worried about price go there for crying out loud.  It probably would kick the ass of your Boston Museum of Art.  The food at the Rock Hall sucks, yeah, so what?  Go eat at one of the great other restaurants all over Cleveland, or the Hard Rock so you can take pictures of stuff while you are there.  I don't think anyone comes to the Rock Hall to eat.  What the hell is wrong with people? Sweet Jesus.  I say you are lucky you didn't eat there it is just basic stuff for you if you are starving or don't know any better.There was this brief moment last night where this magic feeling came over me.  I was outside the Rock Hall, the sun had set, the night sky over Lake Erie was dark as far as you could see.  In front of me stood this giant glass pyramid illuminated in light with the sweet soul music of Sharon Jones & The Dap Kings audible through its closed doors.  You could see the band on stage, the bodies dancing and swaying to the music.  Through my eyes the hall was actually a living part of the night.  It was not only alive with the energy of the people watching show but beyond that it was alive with the core of the city of Cleveland.  Rock and Roll is the heart and soul of Cleveland and the physical building was the vessel that encased the soul of the city tonight.  Sharon Jones & The Dap Kings were the pulse bringing everything to life.Black, white, yellow, green, young, or old, music and more importantly rock and roll music is a common bond all of us share.  My folks grew up on the songs of the 50s, maybe yours in the 60s or 70s (damn kids), but we all grew up with rock and roll music.  It could be the psychedelic sounds of Pink Floyd, the pop mastery of The Beatles, The Energy of the Rolling Stones, or the balls in your face rock of The Who or Led Zeppelin.  Rock and Roll holds no boundaries.  It can be a twangy Johnny Cash jam, a three chord Sex Pistols anthem, or the synth pop beats of ABBA.  A rock song can be poetic like Dylan singing "How does it feel, to be on your own, with no direction home, like a complete unknown, like a rolling stone".  It can say nothing at all like "Mama-say mama-sah ma-ma-coo-sah" and make you envision a sparkle handed young Michael Jackson moonwalking across a stage.Cleveland's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum is the home to all of the above and more.  The Museum is a beautiful shinning glass diamond that glitters brightly in the blue collar grit that is the city.  It sticks out, but not like a sore thumb but as the building that is unmistakably Cleveland.  Its glass reflects the sunlight off Lake Erie like a rock and roll lighthouse beckoning in its fans from miles around the globe. On my first visit to the Rock Hall in July my wife and I got a guided tour by Reena Samaan which was surreal.  She was an amazing guide who took us through many of the exhibits where I actually got to take same rare photos.  Aside from being scolded by several visitors and a couple Security Guards for taking photos it was an incredible experience.  We got a private tour, press kit and some serious Rock Hall history.  It was an insiders guided tour fit for rock stars and I got to experience first hand.  The Rock Hall and Reena made me feel like I was from Rolling Stone (before it started to suck) and not some silly Cleveland Blog.  We buzzed from exhibit to exhibit from the main level all the way up to the current Springsteen collection on one of the upper levels.  While it was a speed walk pace we had the entire day to slow down the gears and take in all the sites and sounds after the hour plus tour.So don't listen to this guy under me here, he is obviously nuts.  The Rock Hall is a one of a kind place to visit.  8,000,000 people as of today as a matter of fact have visited so I am thinking it doesn't suck quite as bad as he makes it out.  Want to read the rest because there are like 3 paragraphs more? Go check out my blog.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/4/2010,12/24/2010,98,206,6,12,7>The good time ?! Until recently, I forgot that this still existed [apparently, so have other yelpers, which is sort of a shame]. My last memory of it was my first tour on the Goodtime during a grade school field trip.  For those in need of a refresh, The Good Time is a public boat that offers 2 hour tours through Lake Erie and the Cuyahoga River. My compatriots and me were the only ones under 30 on a tour dubbed a Rush Hour Cruise, which left the docks around 6:30 PM. Upon entering the boat, the extremely cheerful and amicable crew gave out beads. The Rush Hour Cruise consisted of a boat ride on the large, 3 deck boat through the cuyahoga river and the mostly languishing industry, the flattened flats, and some abandoned buildings. Sounds depressing, but it really isn't. There's some beautiful architecture, some abandoned buildings juxtaposed with small random patches of trees and grasses, and sights along the Cuyahoga River including Whiskey Island, many bridges, and great views of Cleveland's downtown skyline. Do note, the boat does not go east of its docking location on East 9th. The ride itself takes about 2 hours.No one was pointing out what we were passing along the Cruise, but may have been annoying for me. I love exploring Cleveland's nooks and crannies, although being on a boat that you can't control was slightly frustrating because there were a couple moments where I would have loved to yell stop, get off, and explore the area. Tickets for the Rush Hour Cruise were $12 each. Besides the great views, there also was a DJ some inebriated cougars dancing. Of course, there's a small bar on board with a few domestic bottles ($2 or $3 happy hour), Great lakes, and liquor. There's a few [less than 12] metered parking spots at the end of the East 9th and additional parking for $8 on the cobblestone pier next to Voinovich Park. If it's open, the RTA Waterline would be an option if you don't mind walking a bit. The Goodtime is worth going on if you're looking to see some good views of downtown and the Cuyahoga River, although I wouldn't go on it more than once a year, if that often. Note, the last cruise for the year was at the end of September, so you'll have to wait until the Spring.
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2010,12/23/2010,178,155,9,10,8>Be sure to wear elastic waisted pants. And take time out for a nap after wards.Being of Polish heritage, I am familiar with the gut-busting nature of Eastern European food. Not exactly the kind of place you would eat at before a night of drinking and partying ;)That being said, Sokolowski's is solidly a great place for Polish comfort food.  The kielbasa, pierogies, kraut, salisbury steak, breaded pork chops and fried fish fillets are great. They've got real mashed potatoes and homemade gravy. Veggies are generally of the canned variety, but tasty nonetheless. The salad bar is a bit sparse, but they have creamed cucumbers, so it's all good in my book.On my recent visit, I grabbed a slice of carrot cake to go. Oh my....soooo good.Now if only I had a wheelbarrow for my gut.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,12/22/2010,263,228,8,9,10>the fried food hat-trick played out at Johnny's late night wings, rings, cheeseburgers A colorful cross section of downtown Cleveland during all hours of the day. Business suits, off duty cops, off duty waitpeople, and an occasional frat boy looking all wide eyed being in a real dive bar. Lots of beers, and a good stiff drink. Great food at the bar too a few notches above the average bar menu to say the least, since it is "Johnny's" after all. The cheeseburgers are charred to perfection, and the onion rings are the best in town. From the well worn bar, to the prison grade restrooms, its a great dive.Carry on.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,12/21/2010,133,174,2,4,1>I love Touch. It is a neighborhood gem that is often overlooked and forgotten about. We went last Friday for happy hour, arriving around 7p. There were not too many folks in there, most were dining, a few at the bar. The sushi came out while we were there and it was delicious...bacon in sushi?!? Genius. I know people complain about the wait or lack of sushi, but people, IT IS FREE and worth it as an appetizer that costs you nothing.Nothing compares to the service and food. Our server was wonderful. He was so nice and attentive. When we had questions about vegetarian options he offered to bring the chef out. We told him not necessary but about 10 minutes later the chef came out profusely apologizing for the delay and then talked to the table for about 10 minutes about various dishes and options. My friend, who is a pretty strict vegetarian, had the most questions and he elected to create her a meal instead of having her order off the menu. The chef came out a few more times checking on us and ensuring we liked what he created.Our food was phenomenal. The Squash Ravioli was packed with flavor, the raviolis themselves were huge and it was savory. The Mushroom gnocchi was chockfull of various mushrooms, creating the perfect sauce to accompany the little gnocchis. The pizza was perfectly crusted and more than enough for 2 meals. And the individualized vegetarian meal? It started with pumpkin bisque that was heavenly. The main course was various small plates made up from veggie options on the menu; cheese and dried fruit, salad, Mediterranean gnocchi, all fantastic. To top it all off, with two Makers drinks, the free sushi, dinner and a tip my meal was still under $35.When asking about drink concoctions the bar delivered. When asked about substitutions and ingredients, the chef catered to us. We asked a lot of questions. We had a few requests. Never did we hear a no. Instead everyone was more than happy to make it a wonderful experience!I recommend Touch for eating, drinking or dancing the night away. I have never been disappointed and I truly look for the faults in restaurants.
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2010,12/20/2010,34,62,1,4,3>What's there to say about the IOC, except that it's THE place for breakfast on Cleveland's East Side.  It's not fancy, but it's not dingy either.  The wait staff know what they're doing and the service is quick.  Portions and prices are good, and the food is consistent in it's goodness.It's very crowded on weekends for brunch, but if you get there before 10 a.m., you can usually get a table right away.I think they make a great short stack of buttermilk pancakes.  I also really like the lemon-ricotta pancake, but I have had a few occasions when that one has come out a little "goopy" in the middle; I'm not sure if it has something to do with the ricotta .  I also like their omlettes. My partner almost always gets the biscuits and gravy, and he says they are the best he has had in Cleveland so far; not excessively salty and the gravy isn't too thick.You're not going to leave here having had the best meal of your life, but you're going to get a solidly good breakfast, and unless you eat a lot more than I do - and I can eat a lot  - you'll leave fully sated.
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2010,12/19/2010,8,15,,5,3>An absolute gem of a place in Seven Hills! Set back from Broadview Rd the corner unit shines clean and new. Once inside you're greeted with an ambient ands warm dining room, exposed ceiling rafters and vents, and floor to ceiling wine rack. Off to your left is the bar with more wine and spirits.The exposed brick wall, warm woods, and earthy colors are very comforting to be surrounded by during your meal. The staff is great, out front, and genuinely friendly. They interacted well with the table and engaged my 22 month old son like he was one of their family!Salads are large and can serve a whole table. They were crisp, fresh, and dressed just right.My father-in-law had a baked ziti and meatball which was beautiful! Bubbly, golden-browned cheese adorned the brim of a warm casserole dish. The meal was hearty, warming, and something I am coming in to order next time I have a bad day!My wife ordered shrimp and angel hair with asparagus tips and vodka blush. It was a very well balanced pasta dish. The shrimp were ample, fresh, and cooked to perfection. The fear with an "Italian" dish like this is that the line cook will lose his or her mind with garlic and salt, smothering the flavor profile. Not so at Eddie's. The dish was balanced very very well. Filling, satisfying, easily a repeat performer. But, the pizza... OH THE PIZZA! We make our own pizza at home and the dough from scratch. So I can be a little picky when it comes to the crust on my pizza. Eddie's has a starter dough, aged about 3 days, that is added the the fresh dough that day for the pizza to be made. It's just short of a sourdough method. The dough bakes with a beautiful crisp around the edges and a warm billowy middle. I probably could eat just the crust. However, I opted for the Salumi that included salumi (salami), prosciutto ham, sun-dried tomatoes, mozzarella, and asiago cheeses. It was every bit crispy and delicious as it appeared! One of the better pies that I have had. We absolutely cannot wait to go back and were immediately on the phone recommending this place to family. You won't be disappointed!
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2010,12/18/2010,9,17,1,6,4>I took my older pug here to get a much needed teeth cleaning.  They were very up front with me on what it could end up costing during the consultation.  When I dropped him off, I was very nervous since I knew they'd be putting him under.  Their on-site groomer, Brittany, was behind the front desk at the time and was SO nice to me and assured me everything would be ok.  The vet or the vet tech (sorry I can't remember which) even called me before his surgery started to further put my mind at ease.The cleaning ended up being even less than what they quoted me due to some of his extractions being easier than they thought.  It's nice that they were honest about that.I plan on taking both of my pugs back here for their yearly shots.  The prices they quoted me were very reasonable.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2010,12/17/2010,27,32,3,4,4>As you drive down Main St USA, you look to your right.  You see a McDonald's with their Big Mac.  Look to your left and you see a Burger King with their Whopper.  Down the street and around the corner is a Wendy's with their Chicken Nuggets and Triple Double Classic.  Sonic is turning out dog meat on a bun, and you are not satisfied with your choices.Once you get to the end of the street you see a different kind of place.  A place where the marketing machine of Madison Ave hasn't touched it.  It is a piece of Americana, all but extinct except for our part of town.  Our Cleveland.Swenson's is as good as it is nostalgic.  A simple Drive-In joint.  Take away the catchy jingles about ingredients, the stupid crown, and Dave Thomas and you find an authentic hamburger.  It will not have you thinking where is the beef.  It will have you thinking, where is my pen so I can write a thank-you note to the car hop who ran to your car to make sure you got prompt service.I say flock to this place, get a Galley Boy and a chocolate shake.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,12/16/2010,47,104,6,5,5>Greasy spoon, short-order perfection. Huron Square Deli is place to go if you're looking for a stick-to-your-ribs breakfast or lunch on the cheap.Had two pancakes, two eggs, two sausages and two strips of bacon for only $6. My forthcoming cholesterol check was not included, unfortunately.The staff was incredibly pleasant and the inside of the restaurant felt like I stepped back in time. Huron Square Deli is exactly what you would expect from a stereotypical greasy spoon and I can't wait to go back again.Addendum: Vegan options? At a greasy spoon? (Apologies, I couldn't restrain myself for the full review).
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2009,12/15/2010,58,32,3,5,4>After 3.5 years of construction and 3.5 million dollars of invested capital, Stone Mad has opened (sort of). As of late April, the bar is open but the food is still on hold. The Irish pub is the masterpiece of Pete Leneghan and Eileen Sammon who also own The Treehouse in Tremont.No corners have been cut, and no expense has been spared. The interior is classy and traditional, with modern accents like hand-blown glass fixtures. The walls are covered in dark wood.The patio is mind-blowing (and it's still not complete!) It's surrounded by a massive stone wall, the base is stone, and the tables and chairs are (you guessed it) stone! Gates are made of custom wrought iron. And, a massive wood-burning fireplace warms a handful of tables.Service was top-notch. We chatted with the manager for quite some time and learned the finer details of building an indoor bocce court (by the way, they have an indoor bocce court.) Going well beyond the call of duty, he escorted my group back to our cars at the end of the night.FYI: According to Elaine Cicora at Scene the name Stone Mad "comes from a 1977 memoir by Irish stonecarver Seamus Murphy, recounting his seven-year apprenticeship among the country's masons."
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2010,12/14/2010,11,27,4,8,7>I have a lot of places that I visit regularly at the Westside Market but this place is my favorite. I have yet to have anything here that's even so-so, but the Canadian bacon and smoked pork chops are the ones that stand out. I tell everyone to go here and at the very least try those - no one is ever disappointed. They have all kinds of smoked meats, but it's subtle smoke so it still has a great flavor. Also - I don't think there's a schedule on when they make smokies, but if they have them, get as many as you can. They're amazing and you can tell because they sell out in no time.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2010,12/13/2010,69,192,3,6,3>Husband and I went to L' Albatross on a whim.  And oh, what a whim.  We started with the goat cheese tart -- HEAVENLY!  For our main course, he had the pork two ways, I had the scallops and we both had an amazing meal. To top it all off, he finished with the brownie and I with the fresh berries with creme fraiche.   Out of all of Zach Bruell's restaurants  (we've visited all four) this is my absolute favorite.  The atmosphere here is classic and modern.  They don't try to outdo themselves.  It's just a great place to have a fantastically prepared meal.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2010,12/12/2010,89,182,3,4,2>Good live music, cheap drinks, very low riffraff factor. Mickidee's next door(about the only time I'll go). I must have Jack or Beam when I go here. The parking lot is tiny. They do not serve food but they let you bring it in. Great place to go when the weather is bad. If I brought a date here and she did not like this place, I would probably say not the woman for me! I don't go to bar by myself much anymore, but this is one place I would not have qualms about doing it.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2010,12/11/2010,24,37,3,5,5>It's so good, it's now a part of my routine.Apparently I'm not the only one hooked on this gem of a bakery. Every time I'm there I run into friends and colleagues.On The Rise is a quaint operation that produces amazing stuff. Their scones are fantastic. Try their Jennifer or Hermit cookies! They're on part with Momofuku's Compost Cookies. Chocolate croisants, tarts and of course a great selection of the non-sweet variety of breads. Their badguettes are great. They serve a wonderful fair trade coffee too!What makes On The Rise different than the typical pastry case at a coffee shop is the quality. Everything tastes real / home made. It's hard to quantify this but when you taste it you'll agree. They don't seem to take shortcuts and the proof is in their work.Check them out but don't wait too long. They often run out of several items by 11, which I suppose is annoying but it kind of adds to their charm and validates my theory about how everything they make is painstaking prepared.Current Favorites: Rustic Apple Tart, Chocolate Croisant.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2010,12/10/2010,44,53,,2,4>I am so happy I've found this place. I've been there twice for brunch and once for dinner and pleased all three times.I am impressed by the quality of the food and the eclectic menu. Its not too large and I have always found something good. My husband enjoys the chorizo omelette. Today I was wowed by the fruit and yogurt granola bowl.  The bowl was huge and full of delicious granola, honey, pecans, yogurt, and so much fruit. Not just the usual afterthought of melon and grapes.  This breakfast bowl had blueberries, raspberries, mango, melon, apples, grapes and they were all fresh and tasty.The draft list always surprises me.  I adore anyplace that has Left Hand Milk Stout on draft.Really great patio. It is the only place we've sat. I wish they had a sign.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2010,12/9/2010,76,21,1,8,6>While I love this city of ours dearly, since moving back I've been saddened by the lack of quality retail-therapy options in the metro area.  A fruitful shopping trip usually means scooting around the 'burbs and, truthfully, isn't always that fruitful.No more.  Enter Evie Lou.What won me over?a)  Well selected merchandiseb)  An array of prices (yeah 1 of the super stylish tops I bought was $36)c)  Kim Crow's advice/stylingd)  An inviting, luxe interiore)  All of the aboveWell e of course!  I walked out of that place having found two great dress up or down tops, a standout pair of earrings, and a pair of pants that, if not for Kim's help, I may never tried on but have ended up being the pair that I KNOW I will wear to death this holiday season.Kudos to Kim for being brave, leaving her steady 9-5, and venturing into the world of retail.  I have no doubt that she'll build a loyal fanbase of shoppers that will rival that of her columns all of these years!
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2010,12/8/2010,71,94,,2,2>My new favorite nail place! Pros:-Super friendly staff.  They will chat if you want to but are also content on letting you alone to catch up on your favorite gossip mags.  -Very clean and doesn't stink like acrylics even though it is a service they offer.-Upscale salon feeling without the upscale price.  $47 for a mani/pedi?!  That is a bargain in Ohio!-Wonderful massage chairs that can work out knots you didn't even know you had!-A bar in the salon!  Mani's and Mimosas for everyone!Cons:-My only, and minor, gripe was that I thought their polish selection was kind of small and unorganized.  I like when salons have the polishes lined up on the wall by color.  Here they are just scattered on glass shelves and I felt like there were mainly just reds and pinks to chose from.  But this definitely is not a deal breaker for this gal!
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2010,12/7/2010,44,37,1,6,2>The decor is nice, however the seating near the waiting area gets a blast of cold each time someone walks in.  I didn't wait long to be seated, and the hostess had a beaming smile, I was already excited to be there.This place I would say is good choice for a date, or for casual dinner with friends.  The menu is super affordable considering the location.  I had their mac n cheese with bacon that was above par.  The portion was great as I was so full only halfway through my meal.  My waitress was kind an efficient, with zero problems whatsoever.  I also had the pleasure of enjoying a peanut butter cup chocolate martini that was a glass full of heaven.  I love the humor on their staff's shirts, those are for sale to the public as well.  I didn't get to try any dessert as I was so full from my dinner alone, but I can't wait to try the fondue for 2 next time I go.  Hopefully I can have someone to enjoy it with as I think the idea of fondue itself is so romantic!  If you go for nothing else but the martini's and their expansive dessert menu, consider yourself still lucky.  There are only 2 of these locations in the USA right now!
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2010,12/6/2010,9,256,,5,3>Kilgore Trout is a great store for men's clothing, and I would specifically recommend it for Zegna sportcoats, suits, and made-to-measure items.  Every member of the staff is friendly and extremely helpful.  It is especially beneficial if, over time, you work with the same consultant, who can add a personal touch after they get a feel for your own preferences and what you have and don't have in your wardrobe.  I've also come to really appreciate their eye for perfection and not simply settling for a "pretty good" or even "very good" fit when additional adjustments can be made.  I would put the level of service and tailoring right up there with (if not higher than) the highly-regarded Bergdorf Goodman Men's store in New York.Why only 4 of 5 stars?  It may be an unfair comparison, but, in the end, their available selection can't compare with the much bigger stores.
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2010,12/5/2010,20,106,,4,3>This is the old Italian Cafe. I never went to it when it was the Italian Cafe, but here it goes:This place catered lunch at my office. I have to say, this was some of the best catering I've had in a while. We had several pastas to choose from. I normally hate anything alfredo, but their alfredo sauce was great! I also had some ravioli filed with spinach and it was great. The pasta wasn't overcooked (can very easily happen with catered ravioli) and the spinach tasted great. My only qualm was that the tomato sauce on top kind of made the spinach get lost. I did find the tomato sauce to be very sweet across the board, not my style, but it wasn't bad. My biggest pet peeve with catered pasta is it almost always gets soft and mushy. This wasn't.I definitely want to do a sit-down dinner at this place. Will update when I get a chance to go!
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,12/4/2010,67,157,3,3,3>I don't know if everything is five stars, but everything I have had at this place has been beyond amazing.  A tiny little place dubbed, "A small urban pantry" located right next to the Flying Fig, this place is incredible.  There is a small deli case with all your normal homemade take home wares like duck confit or chicken croquettes.  Looks delicious.  A small, but diverse selections of wines and a unique selections of cheeses and meats to create classy platters of deliciousness.  The pork sandwich is one of my favorite sandwiches ever.  The pork is tender and served with tart pickled fennel, fig jam, local cheese on a fresh baked onion focaccia (no clue how to spell it) roll.  The eggplant sandwich was also delicious but I just keep getting the pork.  Oh and definitely get some homemade shortbread.  For 1.25 you get crispy shortbread with a mound of homemade salted caramel on top.  Hard to eat but it doesn't matter.  I just resorted to biting the caramel off the paper.  Then licking it.  So good.It follows the Fig's concept of only serving delicious local products and you can tell everything is so fresh.
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2010,12/3/2010,5,13,,6,3>I'm surprised to see that 56 West hasn't received better reviews.  I've been a regular here since it opened, and I have never had a bad experience there.It's hard to take a simple concept like burgers and salads and make it impressive, but 56 West has given these traditional American staples a new image and feel.  A contemporary, yet intimate atmosphere combined with an innovative, inuendo-laced menu make eating burgers and fries seem like the trendy thing to do.  When I have a taste for a burger and I want to go somewhere local, I have a few choices.  I can go to 5 Guys Burgers and Fries and read the ultra-positive, self indulgent reviews and newspaper articles they have used as wallpaper while I wait 20 minutes for a greasy burger indistinguishable from the ones they sell at Steak-n-Shake for half the price.  I can also go to 56 West, where they offer creative daily and weekly specials using locally purchased and organic ingredients as well as a menu that features a "build your own" concept which ensures that there will always be something new to try.  For $7-10, I would go to 56 West every time!Some of the reviews have mentioned the owner as coming across as "grumpy" or "odd."  The truth is he is an experienced restaurateur who has been in the food game a long time, and he always makes time to stop and chat for a few minutes when I see him.  He once explained that his service philosophy is to treat your customers like friends, and your employees like family.  This helps create a fun, relaxed atmosphere, evidenced by their birthday celebrations for patrons and the pajama brunch.There are few places where you can get creative, high-concept food for such reasonable prices.  The Pure Pleasure is a unique appetizer, and the Friends with Benefits and Beautiful Sunrise are solid burger choices if you're not in a creative mood or can't decide on one of your own.  The baguette is usually the best bread choice for the sandwiches.  The steak and tuna entrees are good as well, especially with the Caesar salad and Menage-a-Trois potato casserole.To help ensure quick service and high quality food, try going during off hours.  Like some of the other neighborhood restaurants in Lakewood, they have a small kitchen and the place can get a little cramped at times which might affect your experience.  Regardless of when you go, you can be sure there is nowhere else offering this many options for burgers with this kind of value.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2010,12/2/2010,17,54,6,13,9>I am in love with this place!  The restaurant is asian fusion, emphasizing on Vietnamese food. From floor to ceiling, the decor is very chic, yet charming, and the ladies washroom is kinda sexy.  My boy and I have been gone there on several occasions.  He loves the Kobe burger, banh mi and coconut crepes. I love the crab cake, pork chop and mango curry. (yummmm) Bottom line--you can't go wrong.. everything is sooo delicious!!  And the specialty drinks, to die for! I am a fan of the Parallel 17. Its' hints of cucumber and herbs takes me back to summer days, perched on the porch.  I can't wait for their patio to open this summer! Thank you asian fusion restaurant goddess for bring Bac to Cleveland!
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2010,12/1/2010,68,169,,3,1>D'Agnese's is a delight to have at an affordable price.  Its not often enough I get to write such reviews for such wondeful places. You can read my entire review but let me sum it up quicklyBountiful Poritions, Excellent Service, and awesome atmosphere at an affordable price.My wonderful GF & I visitd this site a few weeks back after always seeing how busy it is (compared to the competitor directly accross the street) and wondeful smell when driving by.As soon as we walked in the door we were greeted by pleasant staff who asked us if we had reservations.  We said yes and were promptly taken to our seats.The menu is big....good selection, Many choices and the hostess also briefed us on the nights special plates.After examining the menu, both agreeing there is a great selection, we chose to go all out.  Prices seemed great but we werent sure how the portions were going to be, and let me tell you....they were plenty, especially for 2 people who had litterally not eaten all day.  We started off with soup and appetizers....Italian Wedding & Tomato Basil.  I had the Italian wedding and it was quite tasty....mildly oily but nonetheless good tasting and good porition.  My date was quite pleased with her tomato basil and i too agreeed that the blend of essence of tomato and basil is my mouth was soothing.  Our appetizers came out with our bottle of Red Wine...which I think was a Zinfindel.....I ordered stufffed italian sausage peppers and my girl recieved crab cakes.With these kinds of appetizers, the portions are usually very small and kinda poor quality....not the case here2 butterflied full size hot peppers overflowing with sausage atop a light tomato sauce marinade.  PERFECTION.  The Crab cakes were good....but I think the sausage overshined them.  She agreed.Our dinner plates were Veal Saltimbocca & Pan Seared Scallops with risotto.The veal was greeat.  Amazing portion of veal.  scallops perfection.i forget what the sides were but it was de-lish!there of course was some table bread in there as well with an olive tapanade type thing (sp?) that was exquisite.the aromas in the air, the tastes of ALL th food, the crispness of the wine.  mmmmmmmm amazing!We shared Crem Bruleee for dessert and it was the perfect way to end the dining experience.Highly recommend this place, call for reservations if you can, ALWAYS busyAs a note, I am Italian and I judge Italian food the toughest...not a big fan of chains.....this place does it right!
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2010,11/30/2010,30,63,1,3,2>Sometimes I make excuses to go to North Olmsted just to drive by Rosati's Custard and see what the flavor of the day is; today it was German Chocolate, with caramel, coconut and toasted pecans.  The special flavor changes every day, which is both a temptation and a curse - do I order an extra-big scoop today, or do I think I'll be back in the area soon enough on the right day (preferably a day featuring a chocolate flavor) to limit myself to one scoop?  The custard isn't overstuffed with mix-ins, but that just lets the base flavor shine through.  Northeast Ohio has an abundance of great ice cream and custard places (hello, Honey Hut!), and Rosati's is special among them.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,11/29/2010,10,73,2,23,12>Yay, I've found the holy grail of Indian groceries in the Cleveland area! There are WAY more Indians here now than when I was growing up. Which is totally fantastic, as Indian is my favorite type of food by a long shot. Large, by Cleveland standards, loads of fresh curry leaves, whatever you need, they've got it, it seems like. A selection of sweets which I have some bizzare unnatural affinity for, especially seeing as I'm a Korean girl, to the point where it makes me think I must have been Indian in a past life. Actually, I forgot to look for the white poppy seeds. They must have them. Gotta go back soon!
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2010,11/28/2010,161,254,4,3,4>I loved everything about Happy Dog, except maybe the way my stomach felt the next day. Truly, my only regret was that I could only consume a hot dog and a half! I wanted to try everything.I went with two "suggestive weiners" recommended by the Happy Dog staff. The first was chunky peanut butter, onions, mole sauce & bacon, & it wasn't too overstuffed. To die for! It wasn't nearly as gross as I suspected it might be and was, in fact, quite delicious.Second up: red onions, BBQ sauce, cheddar cheese, cajun corn stick and chorizo chili. Also amazing, but I could only eat about a third of it. It was a little soggy, too - the buns aren't great - and didn't make for great leftovers, but I guess I could've expected that!We each got an order of tater tots & a different dipping sauce to share - saffron aioli, Thai chili sauce and BBQ sauce. All SO GOOD - one subtle, one spicy, one sweet.Also: two PBRs in a can.In other words? Rarely have I been so happy in my entire life.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,11/27/2010,36,127,,1,2>Empowering Punch recently opened in Southpark Mall, and it is located next to Dick sporting goods on the second floor. To kick off their grand opening they offered free classes for the entire week. They offer personal training, boxing, yoga, trx, weight loss, and boot camp classes. The gym is very open and the public walking by can see everything that is going on inside. The thought of being a window display for mall walkers terrified me and almost made me turn around before walking in. I am glad I didn't though and gave it a try. The employees were friendly and our trainer teaching the TRX class was welcoming and made us all feel comfortable. After warming up I didn't even notice the people walking by and was too focused on the workout to pay attention to anything else. I am not a fan of going to group classes and often feel like I get a better workout by myself, but the small class sizes (12 people) didn't allow for any slacking off or feeling like you didn't know what was going on. Classes run $15 a class and I will definitely like to be put on display there again :)
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,11/26/2010,6,40,,3,3>Tried to go to Hyde Park, but X-Mas tree lighting gave us no parking. A quick search on Yelp showed STRIP as a 5 star joing, so we showed up with reservations at last second and got a seat in bar. Great atmosphere, as bluesy rock filled the room and the food was out of this world. I got the Double Barrel steak and smashed potatoes and my wife got a filet and the mac and cheese. Everything was prepared wonderfully, as was the pretzel sticks that start the meal off and the peanut butter cheesecake we got for dessert. The only thing that was sub par was the Lobster Bisque, which was very watery. Our server was knowlegeable and attentive and we went out the back door there onto a patio filled with lighted trees, benches and a fire pit that about 8 people were sitting around enjoying drinks. This place is hidden and not in a high traffic area, but should be added to the must visit list on the west side of Cleveland.
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,11/25/2010,0,3,,5,4>Frank's is amazing! I went there for dinner recently, craving an omelet because I had seen one on the menu in the restaurant in my office building - for $12. At Frank's, I got a spinach feta omelet for $2.99 with just the right amount of feta, and fresh - not frozen- shredded potatoes on the side with a nice crisp top. My husband got the falafel sandwich. I have had this before - it is just the right amount of moist and the accompanying sauce is very tangy. This place us not over the top in atmosphere, but the dining room is bright and clean without annoying blaring easy listening music. I highly recommend it if you want quality for a really remarkably low price.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,11/24/2010,20,42,,1,1>My 4 stars is actually qualified in that it references the happy hour and the desserts. I just love the $2 Great Lakes Beer and the low cost happy hour menu. I also enjoyed the coffee and it didn't have that diner burnt taste and it seemed to taste like the beans were freshly ground that morning. I enjoyed my "Kelli's Club" and the apple sauce in it was a pleasant bonus and the portions were just right. The monster dill pickle was over the top though maybe slicing that bad boy in half might work. It tasted great and no mayo which is a nice healthy change. We were seated immediately and our server was attentive.
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2010,11/23/2010,294,8,7,1,3>IN THE FORM OF GREATNESSTwice in one weeks leads me to believe this place is a pretty darn good choice.  The Striped Sea Bass was absolutely perfect from the double side of brussels sprouts (no carbs) to the finger licking sauce.  The decor is elegant yet nontraditional which I absolutely love.  High five to the cow hide seating!MIXED FEELINGSOther than the Tuna Tartar the rest of the Trio of Tuna appetizer is fit for flinging across the room.  During my second visit that week I opted for the Five Pepper Seared Ahi Tuna simply because I got nervous aka tipsy after the three glasses of Continuum I downed.  From what I can remember and I'm digging deep here, it was good but not great (insert cough, Dante's in Tremont has the best ahi tuna by far).    BAD TO THE BONECloses at 9pm on Sunday.  Yikes, where is the after-hours spot now that I'm all sauced up after a two hour dinner, a bottle of wine and a gin & tonic.peace, blessing, salad dressingThe Kim
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,11/22/2010,6,4,,10,5>This gem of a bakery is one of Cleveland's best-kept secrets. It's in Ohio City in a very accessible location on Lorain Avenue with lots of metered and off-street parking nearby.Known for their signature Napoleons, Farkas has many tasty treats baked fresh each day. You have to try a mocha cup! Also, this time of year they put an autumn spin on the Napoleon with the Pumpoleon--which has a layer of creamy pumpkin moose wedged between layers of sweet flakey pastry! Yum!Also, order a special Farkas apple pie for Thanksgiving. Each is made with a signature blend of 6 varieties of Ohio-grown apples. My family looks forward to one each year.
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,11/21/2010,6,7,4,7,5>Hands down the best bar in Lakewood. It may not be everyone's cup of tea but if you're into cheap drinks, great music that doesn't drown out your conversations, friendly bartenders & an overall laid back atmosphere this is the place for you. On almost every Friday & Saturday there is either a DJ playing mostly indie rock (w/ some classic/punk mixed in) or live bands. There is rarely a cover charge for the live music. Sunday is import night, all bottles are $2.They have a shuffle puck table (best bar game ever), foosball & 2 pool tables. Plenty of seating and a very large outdoor smoking patio w/ cornhole.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2010,11/20/2010,29,14,,3,5>Known simply as Parnell's to the inhabitants and pub crawlers on Lee Road, to the untrained eye there's nothing really special about the tiny hole in the wall bar.  Opening each morning during the World Cup, sometimes as early as 10am, what Parnell's does offer is camaraderie, good conversation and a variety of Irish brew on tap.  Chat up the person next to you or the person serving you, it makes no difference- everyone here is kind and happy to see you come in again and again.   Pay no mind to previous reviews- the staff may look a little gruff, but reward repeat business with smiles and cold beer waiting.
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2010,11/19/2010,82,418,1,4,1>Day old cupcakes still super moist... but full price?  I agree that they are WAY better than Main Street Cupcakes... these people deserve the hype and the business for sure... but the bakery side is closed on Mondays but the Deli person will sell you the left over cupcakes... from Sunday I guess? All of the cupcakes were filled... the American Buttercream was not too sweet.  The Wedding Cake cupcake was more of a pure whipped cream with a heavier filling... it was lighter than the cream cheese filling of the Red Velvet but heavier than the other buttercream frostings so I'm not super sure what it was.The Bacon and Maple were good... kind of worried about bacon sitting in a cake case over night... they didn't seem chilled when I got them out to the car... hopefully they will be ok.The Diablo is a chocolate caramel combination with either cayenne or some other pure heat / no pepper taste source... the caramel filling was divine, the chocolate cake super moist... the heat didn't do anything for it.On the deli side there is a nice selection of home made salads and some great sandwich combinations to choose from.  I couldn't pass up the guacamole / salsa combination deli containers... The salsa is super chunky with lots of "stuff" to scoop all on it's own, but the guacamole makes a great base.  If we lived closer it would be part of my game day ritual for sure!
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2010,11/18/2010,241,224,,5,3>We threw a going away party for a friend here, and they were SO wonderful to us! We had a large party (14 people), and the service was fabulous! They were prompt, attentive, and were very kind about handling separate checks for the whole crew.  If that wasn't enough, we brought our own cake, and they brought it out to display and then even cut the cake for us.  Wonderful! I will return, and soon!
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2010,11/16/2010,8,30,1,5,2>I love burritos.  I love Latin/Mexican food in general.Enter El Tango.  We walked in last night, not knowing what to expect.  It was kind of strange to order at the counter, but not terribly off-putting.  Like I said, my dining partner and I did not know what to expect, so we ordered:  Chips and salsa (which comes with 3 kinds), Quesadilla Hongos Al Ajillo, and a California Avocado Lime Burrito with veggies, all to share.  Perhaps the girl who took our order could have warned us?  Maybe she just thought we were hogs?  Whatever, she was nice enough and I don't suppose it's her job to talk people out of ordering more food...Holy crap.  We were definitely not prepared for the amount of food that was about to be presented to us.  The order of chips and salsa could have fed like 8 people, but the pineapple tomatillo salsa and the smoked cinnamon chipotle were super inventive and delicious.  The pico was just meh, but with the other two we didn't even care.  Next, let's talk about the quesadilla.  YUM.  Normally I could care less about quesadillas, but this one was super garlicky (read:  spicy), and whatever sweet drizzle was on it was delicious.  It was definitely not something you could get at Taco Bell or Chipotle (ugh).  The Burrito was HUGE.  I mean, it probably weighed as much as my cat (which by the way, is kinda hefty).  But it was awesome.  Limey, as promised, with tons of real veggies including sweet potatoes and cabbage.  It is definitely not a traditional burrito, but I am more than ok with that.  One of the dishes came with this amazing cabbage, salsa kind of salad that was sort of sweet and spicy and made a great accompaniment to the quesadilla.  Now, let's talk about how much food we actually ate.  We finished off the pineapple salsa, each ate one piece of the quesadilla (there were 4), and not even half of our half of the burrito.  There were also enough chips left to last a normal person for at least a week.  We did, however, finish the cabbage salsa salad (which is clearly not what it's actually called).  Whoa.I am definitely looking forward to finishing it off today, or at least trying to!Oh, and I will be back to try the cactus pear margarita.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2009,11/15/2010,63,147,,3,2>Light Bistro is a must-go if you appreciate innovative combination of items that result in some of the superb dishes. The resturant is tucked away at a street corner in Ohio City and carries a quiet romantic ambiance especially earlier in the evening. Their wine menu is also impressive for a restaurant this size. I was very pleasantly surprised at every aspect of this place on my first visit. The service was very polished and our server Joe, was an excellent host talking us through almost all items in detail. This was great help in letting us pick some very tasty dishes.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2010,11/14/2010,28,94,,3,3>Tremont is a little lacking in lunch options, but La Bodega is a great little sandwich shop in Tremont that also has soup and a few salad items.  I always get the #40 - tomato, boccicini, basil, and pesto mayo on rosemary ciabatta.  Delicious!  Everything comes with chips, and service is fast.  There is a small eat-in area and tables outside when it's nice out but I get the sense that most of their business is in takeout.  Great spot for a quick, fresh, and delicious sandwich to go!
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,11/12/2010,84,98,2,7,3>One of the superior restaurants in this restaurant-challenged Cleveland area, my roommate and I had a WONDERFUL dinner at Jekyll.Having stumbled across this place on a whim, we didn't have reservations and were told the wait would be 40 minutes for a table inside. However, as suggested by the hostess, the outside bar was full service and we could eat there if we didn't want to wait. We told her to let us know if a table opened up sooner inside, and proceeded to the outdoor bar. This option isn't bad if the weather is nice - the outdoor 'patio furniture' surrounds a fireplace and there are umbrellas over other tables and a long row of seats along the actual bar. Getting drinks/food out here would actually be fun w/ a group of friends on a warm evening. The crowd that night looked like a lot of older men with their desperate housewives of Chagrin Falls women,  BUT it'd still be cool to go with your friends.About 30 minutes later, we had just put in our order (we took our time) and were told a table opened up inside. We decided to take it and were seated in the perfect corner by the windows overlooking the falls. Everyone who was serving us was extremely accommodating and friendly, even if one server took our orders outside and we were about to leave for another inside. The ambiance is excellent - good crowd, but not noisy, and even the area the restaurant is situated in is lovely. You could walk around this cute little town before or after your meal.Although I cannot remember what they were, I do know we both liked our cocktails. We got the filet mignon medallions topped with goat cheese/pinenuts/cranberries and a potato au gratin and the baby short ribs in a wine reduction sauce over fried mushroom risotto and both were pretty a-maz-ing. The short ribs were quite fatty though if you are being careful of what you're eating, but it was really good.A note on the menu - this place is awesome for those who don't mind spending a bit more on something like the filet mignon, but for those who are watching their budget, there is plenty on the menu for them too! From salads to pizza to steak or salmon, there's a wide range culinary and price-wise to choose from. There are also specials for every day of the week.I'll definitely go back and this would also be a really good spot for my visiting parents.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2010,11/11/2010,10,87,3,4,3>When was the last time you went to a restaurant that had 3 levels?  We started the night in the basement having a beer in a rustic little hide-out downstairs.  From there we were seated on the 3rd floor against a row of windows looking over the street.  If you've been to a GLBC before, you know about their own beer selection.  What you might not know is that you can get a sampler set of all 10 beers with 5 oz glasses for $15.  Normally you pay more for the samplers, but this one was right on par with ordering individual beers.The pot roast was delicious, the mushroom pizza chocked full of mushrooms & pretzel chicken all got great reviews.The server was aggressive, but nice.  This was the first place I heard the server say that beer is not required, but highly suggested with dinner.We didn't eat the desserts, but they loooked great.  A great place to go with a group of family or friends for a nice dinner.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/6/2009,11/10/2010,125,100,4,6,4>Great Lakes rep lamenting (in a friendly way) my choosing to buy Storm King Imperial Stout over any of his offerings?  Check.  Large cold case full of a range of friendly, delicious Belgian and Trappist ales?  Check.  Rochefort 10 specifically?  Check.  Typical pricing on all of these wonderful but pricey beers?  Check.  Not that I could even hope to ever find fine fermented delights on the cheap, but one can dream.I originally came to Rozi's due to the fact that they, like many Cleveland-area and regional wine shops, carry a fine assortment of ice wines.  Gradually, as my imbibing horizons widened, I came to realize that their beer selection is pretty healthy, as well.  Outside of the previously noted (and celebrated, celebrated, celebrated) Belgian and Trappist imports, they also carry a wide variety of domestics and micro-brews (as well as home-brewing supplies, if you're into that sort of thing).  It's the kind of wine/beer shop that, if it was in my hometown, I'd probably spend a pretty decent amount of time in, perusing the shelves and trying many a new brew.A pretty decent little shop with a pretty decent selection.  "Pretty decent" works across the board as a description for Rozi's, actually - not the best place I've ever been to, but clean, with friendly, knowledgable staff who will let you roam in peace, and Rochefort 10.  Did I mention that already?  Oh, I certainly did.  There's just got to be a distinctive reason.  Go try a bottle already.
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2010,11/9/2010,97,533,,5,4>Very nice addition to the Gordon Square food lineup. We started with samosas, which were piping hot and flavorful. They came with two dipping sauces- a tamarind and a cilantro. I chose the paneer tikka masala for my entree, and my husband had the lamb Madras. My paneer was plentiful, the sauce was heavenly, and the veggies were perfectly cooked. The lamb was tasty and well-spiced per my husband's request. Of course we had to get the garlic naan, and were not sorry we did. No liquor license? No problem. Go right next door and fetch some beer. BYOB welcome.The lone server on the evening we were there was running her tail off, and she did an admirable job.The only reason I can't give 5 stars was the total lack of ambiance. It's just a little rough around the edges in there. That will, however, not stop me from coming back for more delicious food at great prices.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,11/8/2010,43,95,,6,4>I love this place.  My favorite meal- house red with some fries (actually pomme frits or something similar to that) and the occasional pizza or olive app. I was very disappointed that one reviewer called the fries soggy.  Never in the dozen of times I've ordered them have I gotten a soggy batch.  And believe me, I'm a picky fry eater.  I mean who doesn't love those fried bundle of joys cooked with a bunch of rosemary and garlic.  Nothing beats it for me. The one downfall of this place is that it's right next to Beir Market.  That place just gets so loud and crowed now a days that it really bothers me.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2010,11/7/2010,25,16,3,5,5>This place is quiet. Which is a good thing, I think.  THe location is privately nooked almost out of sight from anyone (although in a strip mall next to a nice camera store) so it tends to slip my mind that it exists - but the great food and professional service makes it one of my favorite places to go!  Whenever my wife mentions it, we end up there and have a great meal.It can be a romantic dinner or just a casual bite- either way, there are no TVs or anything - instead ... there are a few statues (which my 5-year old claims need more clothing on) and artwork that bring the Indian culture a bit closer than it was before you came in the door.  I've brought kids several times and they tend to make it go from craziness level zero to crazy level 6. But that's out of 10 and the employees there are always super laid back about it.  They have a kids menu that is great and they give out crayons and a decent Taj Mahal drawing for the kids to color in.They have a nice (although tidy) selection of bottled beers and wines as well as many great dishes.  Really an excellent place to get a vegetarian meal that is wholesome and balanced while being extremely tasty.  If you  need a relaxing dinner without distractions, Cafe Tandoor will leave you thanking Annapurna (the Indian God of food and cooking).
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,11/6/2010,116,16,3,8,5>Malleys, summed up in one word is.... YUM. There is nothing like Malley's Chocolate when you're in the mood for something sweet. I highly recommend the Chocolate Covered Pretzels or Buckeyes. Good lord... chocolate heaven. This is a small location, but still really good selection. The day I was in there, they were playing Les Miserables on the radio (which made me fall in love with them even more). The prices are pretty high, so we keep these treats for special occasions or just when we're really in the mood. These are also awesome gifts for people in your life who love chocolate and sweets.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2010,11/5/2010,70,110,,7,5>Love country mom and pop stores?! Gibbs is a very quaint little meat store in the small town of Columbia Station, Ohio. It is decorated with county paraphernalia like wagon wheels and farm tools! It is actually an old mill that was converted to a butcher block. It has tons of history and a real down to earth look and feel. They are a local favorite but gaining popularity due to their excellent meat offerings!They have the best sausages I have ever had in my entire life. The chicken sausages and literally fat less and just rock! Even the pork and beef sausages are very lean and the flavors are endless. I had Conway's Irish Ale sausage and chicken broccoli sausage last night! There are so many flavors and they change them seasonally too. They also have seafood, beef, and all sorts of other goodies. Their BBQ and other sauces take up a whole wall and they offer many local sauces and concoctions! They even have some produce and other grocery items. Just a really cool store!
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2010,11/4/2010,14,90,10,11,9>One of my favorite stores ever!! This is the place that maintains my tolerance for spicy food. Having eaten spicy food all the times especially when I used to live in Thailand, I found most of the so called "spicy food" here in US to be bland, mild, or over exaggerated. However, this store always have something new for me to try. I always come here to pick up hot sauces, spices, and interesting condiments to add to my cooking collection. Then all you need is fresh Thai or Habanero chili peppers from the market and you're set!Heather's Heat & Flavor does not only have spicy stuff, they also have marinade, seasoning, and condiments like bbq or mustard sauce. They have samples that you can try if you don't know what you want since there're so many to choose from. Some XXX sauces give a hot burning sensation that may last 10-15 minutes. It's like going to hell then back to earth! Worth trying the sample if you're adventurous eater.Overall, an awesome place to build your tolerance for spicy food. Don't forget to try spicy popcorn!
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2010,11/3/2010,53,40,5,7,10>I've heard of Map Room many, many times.  But being the proud Clevelander I am, I never knew exactly where it was.  This is coming from someone who drives down W. 9th EVERY DAY on my way to work.  I just assumed it was somewhere on the west side, and I'd find it eventually.Little did I know, I would get to experience this hidden gem sooner than later.  Through the suggestion of my group of friends, we stopped in to watch the Browns home opener last weekend (following a successful first tailgate at the Muni Lot, I might add).  I felt like I was finally admitted into the super-secret Map Room club.Many thanks to my friend Gar for showing me the light.  We sat in the dark bar, watching the Browns, eating pizza and enjoying some beverages.  Our entire group of six was able to sit (together, too!) and we weren't approached by the usual douches and chotches that typically frequent downtown establishments, especially during a major sporting event.  The service was good, the atmosphere was great and I was able to actually enjoy the company of my friends, instead of merely staring at them or screaming at each other in order to communicate.  After such an amazing first experience, the likelihood of my returning to Map Room is about as sure as the Browns starting the season 0-3.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2010,11/2/2010,1600,312,6,7,6>Three words: half price sushi.Sure, it's only on Tuesdays and you'd better make a reservation 2-3 days in advance, but you'll be glad you did.House of Hunan was the first restaurant we ate in when we came to Medina, and it set an expectation that was quickly deflated when we realized it was one of the only refined restaurants in town.  Ah, well.The funny thing about House of Hunan is how much Asian influence there is on the menu.  Japanese, Chinese and Thai are all represented.My hubby and I are (borderline) sushi snobs, and we've been impressed every time with the variety and freshness of sushi and sashimi here.  One of my favorite dishes to order for lunch is the Chirashi.Plus, they have a waterfall wall and private dining areas where you remove your shoes and sit at floor level while letting your feet hang in the area underneath, and they give you little chocolate mint sticks with your fortune cookie at the end of the meal. Did I mention it's walking distance from my house?  Bonus.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2009,11/1/2010,30,393,,10,2>I had the pleasure of dining at the brand new Naya Bistro & Lounge tonight.  I'd scoped out the menu ahead of time online and wasn't sure what to expect, based on the strip mall locale, but I was pleasantly surprised at how amazing my meal was.  There were multiple vegetarian options for me to choose from.I started off with the Invisible Cosmo ($7).  Why is it invisible?  Because it's clear.  I followed that up with the roasted tomato soup($5).  Vegetarian and delicious.  (any restaurant that serves a vegetarian soup gets bonus points in my book!)  It had a little bit of a kick to it, so it wasn't your typical tomato bisque.  For my entree, I tried the braised wild mushroom pita ($10).  I've had many mushroom and/or pita dishes in my day, but I can honestly say this was the best mushroom sandwich I've ever eaten.  Hands down.  The mushrooms were flavorful and the creme fraiche that came as an accompaniment added a nice garlicky flavor to the sandwich.  As an added bonus, homemade salt and vinegar chips came on the side.  They were fresh and salty and amazing.My boyfriend had the soup of the day - a beef and black bean chili - and the seafood stew entree and really enjoyed both dishes.Collectively, we liked the atmosphere of the restaurant.  It feels upscale, despite having a decent sized bar area with a mammoth tv.  The prices may be a bit steep for the neighborhood, but for the quality of food, it's well worth it.  Kudos to the staff for asking for frequent feedback, too.  They've only been open for less than a week but are asking patrons to let them know what could be done better.  I wish this restaurant nothing but success.  I can't wait to go back and try some of the other vegetarian options!
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2010,10/31/2010,196,453,5,4,5>Solid 4 because its a staple in Cleveland as THE place to go for Corned Beef!!  I love it that people line up out the door for this stuff.  I thought it was really good when I stopped in there, HUGE to say the least.  Hint, if your going to eat inside, bypass the line, its for take out.  I found out the hard way by standing in line for 20 minutes...ha ha.I love the soup nazi photo, no corned beef for you!!  I actually called there once to get find out the weekend hours and talked to the owner.  What a nice fella!  He was very helpful and we actually got to talking for about 20 minutes cause I was new to the area and he gave me the run down on Cleveland.I will always recommend this place for lunch downtown....top notch.  For comparable corned beef, try Croagh Patrick's in Willoughby on Robinhood Dr.  I'll stop writing now so you can go get your corned beef on.
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2009,10/30/2010,7,27,2,7,7>Best breakfast place I have found in Cleveland.  Good friend of mine took me there and I've been sold on it since.GOOD STUFF:  Best breakfast place in cleveland.  Skip those high maintenance places that want to charge you 10 bucks for an omelette.  This place has real solid breakfast fair with cheap prices.  The omelettes are big and served with buttery toast and lots of hash browns with onion, the coffee is strong, and there's not a huge line out the door.BAD STUFF:  Not the best place if you looking for a fancy bruch to take your family- it's a diner.  Not very big either so if you have a large group be ready to be cramped.PRICE:  15 bucks for two for a big, belly too full breakfastOVERALL:  I've been looking for a place like this for a long time- cheap, solid breakfast food, nice feel to the place, no lines.....check it out.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2010,10/29/2010,88,107,2,10,4>I love Pho and this is by far the best Pho I have ever had.  The broken rice is delicious too!!  I've gotten Superior Pho every single for the past 3 or 4 years- I just seem to have forgotten to post a review.It tastes even better than my Vietnamese friend's mom's pho.  The pho broth is perfectly seasoned and I usually get the traditional (beef fliet and meatball) pho or the seafood pho.  When you add the basil, lime, and the siracha/hoisin sauce to it- It's BEYOND PHENOMENAL.  Places like #1 Pho tend to make their broth a little sweet ( which I don't like and most traditional phos are not sweet in the slightest bit), but their pho is just right and more savory than anything else.  The Broken Rice is the best- it's my usual dish.  I love the pieces of marinated pork chop topped with the fried garlic on top.  The pickles and carrots are not to miss with the mix of hot chilis and siracha sauce.  I usually skip on the transparent spicy sweet sauce because it's not needed.  It's absolutely delicious the way it is.  They give a large portion with plenty of rice to go with it!It's cheap and afforable as a college student.  I don't feel bad getting it every week kind of cheap.If you haven't gone you have to try it you wont be disappointed! :)
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,10/28/2010,92,312,4,9,6>New favorite place to buy groceries!With winter nearing, my local farmer's market is about to close and I was getting worried that I would be stuck shopping at conglomerate grocery stores until next spring.  A friend suggested I check out Krieger;s, and I'm glad I did!The produce selection here is HUGE.  It's not all locally-sourced, but many Ohio farmers are represented.  I have seriously never seen such an expansive selection of apples.  They have fruits and veggies that your average grocery store doesn't carry.  I love the opportunity to buy something I have never tried before, and this place presents plenty of those opportunities.The availability of processed junk here is very low, so if you find yourself using a lot of fake food, you'll need to supplement your shopping elsewhere.  Krieger's does provide healthy alternatives, though.I found prices to be quite cheap, despite what another reviewer mentioned.  Produce was cheaper here than at Acme, which prides itself on cheap produce.  Many of my favorite staples (Greek yogurt, tofu, etc.) were nearly half the price than what I see at Acme.  There were only a handful of items I didn't buy here because I knew I could get them cheaper elsewhere (soy milk, for instance).All in all, Krieger's is a great alternative to your local grocery store and provides the same high-quality foods as Heinan's or Mustard Seed at a fraction of the cost.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2010,10/27/2010,146,412,5,5,3>Siam Cafe has become a staple for me and my friends here in Cleveland. Whenever out of town guests/fellow colleagues come into town (esp Asian American ones), Siam Cafe is the place to be. Our parties of 10+ congregate here for hours!I can proudly say that I've been here enough times to know what my favorite dishes are. I love the eggplant dish (yu shang qie zi - yum), beef cutlets (niu zai pai gu), fried tofu with shrimp, salt and pepper squid, walnut shrimp, pot full of seafood (ok, I don't really know what it's called!) and beef pan-fried noodles. I'd like to think they make it more authentic for me when I try ordering in Chinese. (see note.) I'm impressed that Siam is open until midnight every night. I think the Chinese restaurants in Cleveland are some of the only establishments open this late!Note: My pinyin is horrible.. my spoken Mandarin is worse. But I try, and the waiter I know always feels pity and gives my party a free round of tapioca/red bean desserts.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2010,10/26/2010,82,187,1,6,4>My first time at Lucky's was a success.  I came in for a hangover breakfast on a rainy Monday.  The huge mug of coffee paired with a mango iced tea had me feeling rehydrated while waiting for my meal.  Everything looked really good on the menu-as they were serving both breakfast and lunch.  Debated on the special: pesto/mushroom/swiss grilled cheese but went with the Canoewreck (a veggie version of the famous Shipwreck) with curried tofu.  It was a lot of food served with 4 slices of their como toast as well as a slice of watermelon, pineapple and orange.  We both enjoyed our meals.The service was excellent, maybe because we were there on a not-so-bumpin' morning.  I had no complaints about the place at all.  It would have got the 5th star had it not been so pricey for breakfast.  For the 2 of us, it was $33 including tip.  Wish I could have sat in the picnic area outside, but I suppose I'm gonna have to wait til spring for that.  After looking at these pics, I'm pretty sure I'll be mowing on their reuben on those picnic tables next spring.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,10/25/2010,49,122,,3,3>A hidden gem in the Cleveland area!  If you've never been (as i suspect you haven't) you do really need to hit this museum.  This is a perfect date night location, day with children, or way to spend a day in solitude.From the moment you walk in the door you are greeted by the awesomeness of this place, they have a number of permanent exhibits, including dinosaurs, lucy (a pre-human fossil), Balto, and of course a taxidermied trip through animal history. A real plus is the addition of some live animals outside of the main museum, there are birds, foxes, raccoons, otters, deer, and tom-the-turkey. The other great thing about the museum is the traveling exhibits that stop by from time to time.  These have included a more in depth look at dinosaurs, evolution of humans, music of song birds, and a ton of other great topics.
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2010,10/24/2010,47,129,,5,2>Probably the best meal i've had in Ohio! Located in Vermillion, i'd definitely drive the hour it takes from the east side to get here. Everything was amazing and delicious and it's definitely a special treat to come here.I ended up getting my meal off the seasonal menu. There is also a regular menu and a prix fixe menu to choose from but I figured whatever was in season would be the best. Started with the house amuse bouche. Appetizers of fois gras and carpaccio were outstanding with snuck in details like morel mushrooms and shaved black truffle. The fois gras came with a tasting of recommended wine paring which was spot on. Entrees were soft shell crab with sea greens and a steak. Both were done amazing and it's nice to see unusual and very seasonal ingredients incorporated in with our meals. Dessert was bananas foster split between two. The waitress took care to talk to us and the dessert plate was customized for our occasion (my birthday!). Again, dessert comes with a taste of the recommended wine paring which made the dessert that much better, not that it needed it. The maitre'd came by the table and checked in on us. And two hours later we left the restaurant with one of the best dining experiences that i've ever had.NOTE: Dining room has a dress code, men must wear a jacket, the patio is more casual and is situated looking over the water.
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2010,10/23/2010,52,95,1,7,3>Dear Deagan's,Thank you for coming to Lakewood.  I have been looking for a bar to go to that I can walk to and isn't you typical "fraty" Irish pub.  Deagan's is it.  The interior is very classy and reminds me a little of La Cav du Vin of a loft-style building with the exposed brick and raw fixtures.  I didn't notice it, but apparently just about every chair in the building is individual, which is a pretty cool touch.I had some pretty good food from the menu.  Items were a little more expensive than I was hoping, but it was all very good.  The deserts looked very good, but I couldn't justify spending $7 while spending money on drinks at the same time.  Segue...I was really impressed by the selection of beers on tap.  There wasn't a typical, warhorse beer on tap.  They seemed to be reserved for your higher quality brews.  I support this decision.  They also have a pretty extensive selection of bottles if you can't find something that you want on tap.Deagan's has a really nice menu of classic cocktails at some very reasonable prices.  I tried several and was very impressed with the quality of the drinks.  I did have to put it through the true litmus test: the Manhattan challenge.  I have to say, the VTR has totally ruined this drink for me.  I have never found another place that has made a Manhattan worth drinking after having the VTR's.  Well, Deagan's was passable.  I would happily drink it again.  It is nowhere near VTR level, but it is the only other Manhattan that I have had that I will give a second chance.  Chalk that up as a win.For the first time, I really feel like I might have a home bar for the first time in a few years.  It will be nice to have a bar within walking distance of my home.  I plan on enjoying many future nights at Deagan's.  Check it out.
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,10/22/2010,64,154,3,12,6>I'm not much of a food snob--I love a McDonald's hamburger and I get the shakes when I'm eating a footlong Subway Spicy Italian. However, I guess you could consider me an ice cream snob--I can go all year long without eating ice cream at home and never give it a second thought, and I really only get pumped about eating ice cream when I get it directly from a Ben and Jerry's or ice cream parlor. When we moved over to the west side, I realized that I would probably never visit Ben and Jerry's again. Fortunately, Tremont Scoops is close to my new digs, and when my wife scored a new job, we decided to celebrate with some ice cream.This place automatically gets points because they don't close early. What's up with all the coffee shops around here closing around 7PM? Plenty of bleary-eyed students and young professionals who need their late-night caffeine fix live around here! I was honestly shocked when I learned that they were open until 9PM or so.One of the biggest problems with getting ice cream in the store is that I have trouble picking a flavor...I absolutely love super sweet flavors like cotton candy and bubble gum, but I also like coconut flavors, and of course there's always mint chocolate chip. However, the aforementioned flavors don't mix well together--cotton candy and mint chocolate chip, yuck! Also, when I'm making one of my intermittent attempts to shed a few pounds, my wife and I will share a cone, which means that the choice is narrowed down even further to one flavor. As I predicted, I had this problem at Tremont Scoops! I couldn't decide between pumpkin, apple pie, pomegranate, and others I can't remember now. Fortunately, the blueberry granola yogurt was out of stock, which made the choice a bit easier! I settled on the pomegranate and my wife had pumpkin. Both of them were great!Tremont Scoops sells ice cream by weight, not scoop, which is something that I've never encountered before. We got two decent-sized cones for like $4-5 total, which seems reasonable to me. They also sell a wide variety of vegan desserts too, which I would like to try in the future, because I had some vegan chocolate cake a few weeks ago from Poison Berry Bakery in Cleveland Heights and it was light years better than regular chocolate cake! Also, they have doggy ice cream, and I'm sure my dog will enjoy it when I treat him to it (once he stops having accidents in the house on a weekly basis, that is!)The inside of the place has all sorts of cute paintings of cats and dogs too, and we enjoyed our cones there while locating all of the hidden items in the painting.Honestly, I can't think of a bad word to say about Tremont Scoops...we had a great time and the ice cream was fantastic! I look forward to going there on a regular basis next summer when the weather's warmer!
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2010,10/21/2010,67,84,4,7,8>Second batch of beer for this year is in the barrel getting tasty! What is Brew Kettle you ask? Well let me regale you with the latest in liquid courage. Brew Kettle is an establishment that fronts as a bar with 20-or-so taps of varietal beers ranging from the lights to seasonals to some imperial greats. A flavor for anyone's palette. Bar food is better than normal. I'm a big fan of the meatloaf, any pork product from the menu (there are quite a few), and the coveted spicy mustard that everyone raves about. There is a reason for it. Its DAMN good! Tonight I went with a few different beers, a Harvest Ale, the Two Brothers Heavy Handed, and Breckenridge Lucky. My personal fav is the Breck as its got the right amount of hoppiness to make my lips curl. So the bar and pub in the front; microbrewery in the back. The Brew Kettle has their own line if micros which vary on the taps. The brewery provides everything one needs to brew a batch of their beer on premises. You can follow the recipes provided or roam off on your own into Never-never-will-I-stop-brewing-beer Land. We generally choose to follow recipes as they have been tested, have true descriptions, and will also result in the batch of beer you expect. Experimenting can have disastrous results from what I've heard. So for a nominal fee ($120-150) you get to mix, cook, and brew your own beer. The B-Kettle monitors and stores as the yeast does its duty on your brew. 3-5 weeks later you come back and bottle it. By the way, you can definitely make your own labels as well. My last batch was a Honey Wheat Ale entitled Gazelle. Yum! The result is close to 75 20oz bottles of beer. A deal in my book. And good beer to boot! So if brewing beer is an interest of yours, make a reservation. If friends of yours enjoy beer reserve a few kettles for a small brewing and drinking party. This place is all-kinds of fun and really good beers and food to follow it up.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,10/20/2010,64,108,,2,2>This place is incredible. It is a unique experience and you just can't find this kind of diversity anywhere in the area.  The meats, cheeses, breads, fresh seafood- you can do enough shopping in one stop to feed your family for the week with top quality produce.  It is simply awesome to go here.Make sure you get some thick cut bacon to take home.  Fresh bacon is the best- try it on the grill sometime.  The beef jerky is out of this world and the breads from Vera's are just spot on.  There is a Greek grocery in one of the corners that has some of the best feta in Cleveland.  Their noodle selection is great too for old-world recipes.I am not a HUGE fan of the produce- it feels as though you get ripped off sometimes- like they show you this beauty of a melon and then put a different one in your bag that is half rotten when you get home.  I guess if you are more careful, then give it a shot.  I do always buy my mushrooms and herbs here though- also leafy kale and corn.  Do yourself a favor and bring your reusable grocery bags.  They are easier on the hands when you are walking around.  I also bring a cooler in the car packed with ice to keep my goodies chilled until I get them home.
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2010,10/19/2010,25,85,4,8,6>I had to crack up when I read Cara's review.  I, too, am a former jazz musician, having given it up fairly recently, but hopefully not forever.Nighttown is probably the place that I would call the coolest, neatest, or greatest joint in all of Cleveland.  Maybe not the best, but there's a big difference between being the best and being the greatest.  Nighttown is remarkably consistent.  I have never had a meal that is short of great.  Brunch, lunch, dinner, doesn't matter.  Everything is great.  Nothing (on the menu) is astounding, but that's OK.  You do not go to Nighttown to be blown away by food.  You go to Nighttown to be blown away by history, atmosphere, and music.  And Nighttown delivers completely in these regards.When you walk in, after you figure out which door to use to enter, you're routed through a narrow 90 degree corner and into the bar area, which is well-stocked with single malt Scotch, ALWAYS a good sign.The table setup is often odd - three people in an L- or C-shaped booth with one chair, things like that.  Dark colors and well-worn materials are complemented by walls covered in jazz musician head shots and old Cleveland newspaper front pages.The menu is distinctly English/Irish, but reaches broadly.  I would call the food gourmet without being fancy.  Everything is carefully prepared and served promptly by friendly, professional servers.  7-8 times in 10, when I visit, it's after Church for brunch... either the eggs benedict, which is always perfect, or the bangers and hash, which is a really nice change.  Their coffee is great, as are their bloody marys.And, the jazz.  There are few places left in this country where you can see this much good jazz over the course of a year.  There are big names, but there are also no-names that will just rock you back and forth all night while you sip a great single malt,  well-made martini, or a refreshing T&T.If you get the chance to visit during the Tri-C jazz fest, do it.  There isn't a bad show during the whole week, and there are some really amazing ones.If there is a discussion about Cleveland Institutions, Nighttown simply must be in the conversation.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2010,10/18/2010,86,287,5,4,4>At first glance, this place, a random, quirky and charming vintage shop on lovely Clifton Boulevard, strikes you as kinda small. A cool assortment of everything you would want in a vintage store, sure, but a little small. That was before I noticed the staircase going down to the basement. Like a lot of stores with basements around town, this is going to be tiny, right? WRONG. The basement is crammed to the gills with furniture, books, clothing, old Star Wars toys, records, hats, scarves, Playboys from the 1980s, and about a zillion other sweet things. And it curves around like a maze revealing other cool tchochkes. Seriously, I wouldn't bring a small child here, because if you let him or her run around, you may never find them again.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2010,10/17/2010,114,56,1,9,3>I was lucky enough to get invited to the soft opening of Chinato and to no surprise.  So as always in the spirit of full disclosure I am slightly biased to Zack  Bruell's restaurants, however, I'm not afraid to criticize if I felt it necessary.  While this is only the second one I've been to, (the other being Parallax) I absolutely love what they do with food.  Chinato (pronounced Key-na-too) is no exception.  Don't expect to find your Americanized italian food here, as you'll be disappointed, if that is what your looking for.  The inspiration for the cuisine is Italian food like they do it in Italy, and to me that is just what Cleveland needs.So first the decor, its a nice mix of modern and classic with an amazing mural along in the main dining area that stretches the length of the room of what I'd imagine is of some where in Italy.  The seating is intimate much like Parallax and I like that.  I sat in a booth but didn't feel overcrowded by those around me.Next the appetizers, or Antipasti.  We tried the Salumi Platter and the Beef Tongue with Sweet and Sour Eggplant.  The Salumi platter aka salami was very tasty, although I had wished the server would have told us what the different kinds were or I should have asked.  Either way it was good, didn't blow me away but if you like salami its nice, go for it.  The beef tongue was unique, I hadn't had it before so I really don't know if it was good for beef tongue.  It had a very beefy flavor with an interesting texture.  I'm not a fan of eggplant to begin with those so that threw me off a bit.  I'd try it again though to give myself a better feel for it.  On to the pasta and entrees.  For the pasta we had the Pappardelle with creamed cauliflower, pecorino and pepperoncini.  This pasta was very nice, it was slightly creamy, but not heavy, and a very nice spicy kick to it.  Gets my approval for sure.  The entrees were Beef Braised in Amarone with creamy polenta, Sea Scallops with pepperoncini, garlic oil and roasted potatoes and Sweetbread Fritto Misto with fried caper berries, carrot and zucchini julienne.  The braised beef was excellent, very flavorful and tender, and the creamy polenta was the perfect compliment with plenty of flavor itself.  Polenta can often be very plain but this certainly was not.  The sea scallops were done perfectly, I find that scallops are often done one of two ways, excellent or very poorly.  These were done perfectly, my only complaint was the potatoes seemed to be a little dry, but wouldn't keep me from ordering the dish again.  The Sweetbread Fritto Misto was a very nice dish.  Its definitely a different twist on sweetbreads than what I've had in the past.  Often sweetbreads are served with some sort of heavier sauce.  These were slightly breaded and I believe sauteed, and it made the dish much lighter with the julienne vegetables.  A nice touch was very thinly sliced lemon pieces that were roasted as well giving a nice lemon flavor and additional crunch to the dish.  The dessert I had was the ricotta cheese cake which was a nice finish to the meal, it was slightly lighter and sweeter than a normal cheesecake, I'd order again.We tried two bottles of wine, one was a Chianti and the other was a Sangiovese. Both were very good, unfortunately, I'll have to update later with the names when I get back there since they are escaping me at this time.Overall Chinato is a must try in Cleveland which is sure to become a hot spot.  Check it out and see how Zack is at it again.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2010,10/16/2010,104,314,2,9,3>I've been to the Improv more times than I can remember.  This is the best comedy club in Cleveland in my opinion.  I've been to Hillarities, but the Improv takes the cake.  I believe the tickets to get in are around $12 each, but every time I have gone, I have not paid one penny to get in.  This is because the Improv gives away free tickets ALL the time.  Hey, they've got to keep the room full of laughers.  If you fill out the little form that they place on all the tables, they will call you eventually, guaranteed.  They usually offer you eight free tickets, which you can share with your friends.They ask you to arrive at the club 45 minutes prior to showtime.  This is so a) you can spend money in the bar drinking, b) they can get everyone seated for the show, and c) they can take your food and drink order.  You do not have a choice in where you sit.  You sit where you are told and if you move, a manager will escort you back to your original seat.  Trust me, don't move or you'll only end up being embarrassed, no matter how persistent you are.  Just make sure they don't seat you by the stage where the national acts will surely make an ass out of you.The food is very good and reasonably priced.  The servers bring the food during the show in the dark.  However, there are candles on each table which provide enough light to see if your food is cooked all the way.There are always three acts: the opener, which is someone who works at the club for a while, the follow-up act, and then the headliner.  The headliners are usually the funniest, but not always.  The headliners are usually in a national rotation and most likely, you've seen them on TV before.  I gave this place a pricey $$$ tag because you have to pay to park ($3.00), most likely, you'll have a beer or two while waiting to get in the theater area ($3.00/ea), if you didn't get free tickets, you have to buy tickets $12/ea, and finally, you will most likely buy dinner while in the club $16/approx w/ tip.  By my score, that's gonna run ya $35 - $45 per person with drinks included.I've never laughed harder in my life than inside the four walls of the Improv.
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,10/15/2010,12,92,5,5,5>My girlfriend and her family love this place. I am a convert! This is traditionally considered Hong Kong style comfort food. The Hong Kong diner food is mostly concentrated on the little yellow menu, so that's where I order from most of the time.As I said, it's comfort food, and I feel very comforted whenever I go. It's nothing like the Americanized Chinese food I grew up with. They serve a few things most Americans probably won't eat--like crispy fried pork intestine, which I still have not developed the courage to try--but on the whole it's just a much more authentic, fresh, and non-artificial tasting Chinese food experience. It seems like everything is amazing, but I particularly love the rice porridge (with Chinese donuts), the ningo, and the pan fried noodles. Oh... and the turnip cakes.Oh, don't forget the pot stickers.and the rice rolls. Oh my gosh, I could go on and on.What's funny is that they have a couple of servers who don't speak any English or Cantonese (only Mandarin) so even though I'm there with a bunch of Chinese people they're still using sign-language to communicate with the waiter. One more thing. It helps if you know that friendly service is not really a Chinese concept. It's more like, we give you food, you give us money, then you leave. I like the matter-of-fact and honest nature of that transaction. That said, I think the service is pretty decent, they get the food out quickly most of the time. We waited a long time once, but that never happened again.I had better stop. I feel like I'm in danger of writing the great American novel here. I could go on and on, but the truth is, you have to try it! Go in, eat, enjoy. Don't forget: yellow menu.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2009,10/14/2010,31,26,2,7,4>I used to give out 5 stars more easily than I do now. If I had written this review last year it would have gotten 5 easily.  So for me to give it 5 now means something. Oh well. Now before I review the restaurant I will give a mini review on how easy it has become to make reservations using Open Table. This has got to be one of the 5 best innovations in restaurant history. I was able to get reservations for two on a Saturday evening on a night the Orchestra was playing. I made these reservations at noon the same day. WOW! My date and I arrived a little early and were seated right away by one of the nicest hostesses ever. Our water glasses were filled withing one minute of being seated. Bread and menus came immediately after that. This is a restaurant staff that works as a team. I hate hate hate going to a restaurant where everything is somebody elses job. At Sergios everybody does everything, and everybody notices everything. Your water glass is never empty (something only this place and The Velvet Tango Room seem to get) and empty plates and used silverware are removed and replaced by whoever is closest to you when the need arises. Our server (besides being cute as a button) was always there when you needed her to be, but never hovered over us or intruded in our conversation. I can't say enough about the service. I am getting to the food and drink, I swear, but one more thing. Even the valet was amazing. These guys had you out of your car and into the restaurant in seconds despite having to maneuver a bunch of cars in the smallest space ever. Plus, they will let you leave your car there after dinner if you want. This is something they offer without even being asked. We ordered a bottle of French Wine that I am going to get the name of because it was delicious. The wine list isn't the most extensive, but if they were all as good as this one then they don't have to be. We ordered the mussels as an appetizer and they were fabulous.  Fresh and tender and served with toasted garlic bread to soak up the broth.  And soak we did.  There was not a drop left. We both ordered the scallops which is, in my opinion the easiest menu item to screw up in the history of screwing up menu items. They are almost always either raw in the middle or cooked into rubber.  But when they are done right they are heaven on a dish.  These were some the best I have ever had.  Sweet and tender.  Little pillows of perfection.  The desert custard was a perfect end to a nearly flawless meal.  I really don't have a bad thing to say about Sergios.  It's a tad small and you have to basically climb a ladder to get to the bathroom, but other than that.....one of the best restaurant experiences I have ever had.
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2009,10/13/2010,19,13,6,6,9>Fair city of Cleveland, I mean this in the kindest way imaginable, but so many of your bars flood with fratty gentlemen donning Browns jerseys as they sling back Bud Light and watch their over-tanned, bleach blond lady friends sip vodka and Red Bull in bootcut jeans under giant plasma televisions.     I, of course, mean no offense to television nor to bootcut jeans,  but for those who seek respite from the sometime dizzying number of schmucks at bars, Prosperity Social Club is a unique place to start.   Warmly lit, cozy, and kitschy without being pretentious, PSC offers delightful old school cocktails like hot whiskey and Frangelico spiked coffee, as well as more traditional alcoholic fare.  I'm not a connoisseur when it comes to libations, but they carry Le Fin du Monde, a delightful import beer, as well as a strong selection of delicious local drafts.    Beyond what's consumed at Prosperity, it's truly the atmosphere that makes this bar stand out.  As a total stranger to this city, I've felt oddly comfortable and relaxed here and have been able to consistently meet compelling, funny, and witty folks.  Additionally, one of the bartenders has gone out of his way to introduce me to friends and update me on happenings around the neighborhood.     Amid the vast wasteland of bars populated by that inexplicably tacky set of revelers, Prosperity Social Club stands tall as a leg lamp, a beacon of hope for those Clevelanders searching for a more enlightened way to get plastered and stumble home drunk.  May this bar live long and prosper.
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2010,10/12/2010,57,156,,5,5>I really like this place. Both rooms are great venues to see shows, and the neighborhood continues to bloom with new and interesting places.That said, this review's real focus is the Sunday brunch.I've been to the Beachland Brunch three or four times, and it's usually a pleasant experience.  Nice funky atmosphere with friendly service, and despite it being a bar, it's actually pretty kid friendly for brunch.  The original menu had sort of faltered but I understand that a new chef is handling brunch duties, and the change is noticeable.   Gone are some of the more ambitious items (strawberry risotto, deep-fried scambled eggs) but the new items are welome replacements.The Blue Hawaii Burger (blue cheese-stuffed burger with pineapple and sriracha mayo) was outstanding!  The breakfast items (eggs, bacon, potatoes, etc.) are also solid, and the vegan chili seemed to go over well too. Depending on the day, it can be kind of crowded, so be prepared.  You can always check out Music Saves or Salty Not Sweet if the wait is longer than expected.
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2010,10/11/2010,28,60,5,6,4>I want to pinch Uncle Teddy in his impossibly large cheeks and thank him for inspiring this restaurant, despite it's decidedly Pittsburghian roots. Those in Cleveland and beyond who've set foot into the former Danny Boy's Produce Market will agree: This is the best thing to come out of that terrible black and yellow city.I love that this is one of the first and few places that caters to both a beer snob and a guy who doesn't know his Miller from his mother. It's a cardinal sin in some joints to even suggest that you'd like a Miller Lite over some handcrafted goodness inspired by a billion year old recipe a family of Neanderthals wrote on some cave wall. Sometimes, you just want a beer.And the beers are amazing. Matt Cole, who used to brew at Rocky River Brewing Co., has brought recipes that could easily eclipse the local juggernaut that is Great Lakes. The Starlight Lager is -- dare I say? -- the best beer produced in the city of Cleveland and beyond. That's not to kick dirt on the other fifteen beers on tap and guest beers on the two page, full color beer menu. Whatever you do, don't pass-up a Root Beer, either. Oh, my new friends; the Root Beer is amazing, and I suspect what Root Beer used to taste like when it was handcrafted.The food menu is fantastic, the sandwiches easily the size of the mascot's large head; in fact there is a whole section devoted to Headwiches, easily the size of a roasted chicken. Beware of the salads -- even the waitstaff calls them "Heads of Lettuce with Toppings", and it's true. An entire head of lettuce dies for your salad pleasure, and often times, they can't be finished.The best part of the experience is that even when the restaurant is crowded, you can still talk to the people with you. The retrofitted building is so massive that sound simply travels upwards, gets lost in the roof, and doesn't reflect back. You're actually able to hold a conversation without being hoarse afterward. Make sure you take someone along you'd like to have a conversation with.If you like beer, gigantic portions of food that leave you needing a wheelbarrow to leave the restaurant (Not a good idea. The stairs at the entrance are really narrow) and a great atmosphere, Fat Heads is for you. If you don't like those things, go back to Russia!
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2010,10/10/2010,98,206,6,7,5>After a disappointing time at the Improv a few weeks back, I hoped Hilarities, on East 4th, located inside PIckwick and Frolic, would be a step above, and it is. The atmosphere and decor is more sophisticated than the Improv with a small small in the corner, a grand chandelier hanging above from the vaulted ceiling, feeling like a orchestra concert hall from the 1920s with a balcony upstairs. Drink-wise, there's a few signature martinis ($9) and margaritas ($6.50), and a selection of beers, many domestics, a few imports [stella, peroni, amstel], and a couple great lakes ($4-5). There's also ice cream, always a pleasant surprise on the drink menu. There's food although I didn't look at the menu. With complimentary tickets [I won them at a fundraiser although, although they were invalid for special events, which were a majority of the shows, alas], my party was seated on the main floor. There's a 2 drink minimum [it applies Sunday through Thursday]. With the near capacity crowd, our server was competent. The acoustics were ok. Along with the main act, there was 2-3 openers from Cleveland and the MC who gave me a free t-shirt and anointed me as ''Harry Potter, all grown up.'' Gee, thanks. Compared to the 'Smash Club' [I mean Improv], Hilarities has a more sophisticated atmosphere and [and newer] decor, more accessible by its East 4th location, and has more famous comics.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2010,10/9/2010,140,180,7,9,8>About as solid and old school as restaurants get. This is a great place to go if you have a craving for a burger, chicken sammy or french dip. The fresh cut, skin-on fries are what french fries should be. Don't let the spate of geriatrics fool you-- this place is great for families or for friends out to watch sports and have a bite. They have a great kid's menu with lots of options-- applesauce or veggies instead of fries. The service is ultra fast and very accommodating. Refills are nearly instantaneous. You want it, you got it! It's really amazing considered how completely packed the place always seems to be.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2009,10/8/2010,298,127,14,14,13>Just as a reminder to people that are unfamiliar with my reviews, I rarely discuss the food. I usually only eat niblets for the purpose of keeping the booze in my stomach. Also, I am in no way qualified to talk about food. Booze, talent, and atmosphere on the other hand... that is my "core competency" as they say in corporate America.Crop is very cute and very classy. The place has a "Berkley -esque" feel with an ever rotating menu featuring local food stuffs and produce. The apps we had were terrific and did not disappoint. The main reason to go here is the cocktails. The "new fashion" maker's cocktail with cinnamon and cherry was a delight. The half dozen other cocktails we had were also ungodly good and did a fine job of making my morals and feelings go dead for the evening. Currently, this place has the second best cocktails in Cleveland after Velvet Tango Room in Ohio City. (A distant second by the way)We had a chance to sit and talk with the wine manager Abram while we where there. The guy knew his stuff and the passion he had about his chosen selections was obvious. He also has some very exciting events coming in the near future. If you get the chance, chat him up.Sadly, this is kind of a talent dead zone filled with married couples tolerating each other till death parts them and awkward first daters. The bar had lower talent then I would expect, but maybe happy hour is better. The moral of the story, is import the talent. (i.e. bring a date).
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2010,10/7/2010,215,581,4,10,5>This was a great find for a Saturday night. We went into this new place (I think it opened in February) for a few drinks and some food. They sort of feature a lot of small plates, salads, and appetizers, but also have a few main courses as well as some really dynamite pizza (margarita and veggie were both great). The salads were awesome too.It has a very warm interior, in both decor as well as temperature. I loved that I didn't cringe every time someone opened the door (as you can probably tell, I get cold really easily). Our waitress was really on the ball and kept attending to us consistently despite the growing crowd which filled the place by around 10:00.They even made me a virgin martini with some fruit juices and a splash of soda. Nice!They also have a separate, brightly-lit party room which wasn't in use while we were there, but seemed able to fit a nice-sized group. I don't know whether that space is also sometimes open to diners, but it wasn't that night.The only downside was that it got a bit loud in there - not sure if that bothers many people.
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2010,10/6/2010,178,155,11,12,11>mmm...MEATFries and croutons are cooked in duck fat. The butter that is brought out with bread has pork in it. Vegetarians, stay home!In short, the Greenhouse has excellent food at a great price. The person who said the portions are small must have been comparing them to the Old Country Buffet. The portions are definitely generous. The decor is really cool. I loved the bike rim chandeliers. Since I was going to the HOB after, I couldn't deal with leftovers. I opted for a first, second and half course instead of an entree. Oh yah, AND desert ;)  For the first, I chose the Pork Pate Maison. It came with proscuitto, pickles and whole grain mustard. The pate was topped with bacon. Yum! For the second course, I had the Cripsy Chicken Wings Confit. These were some of the best wings I have ever had. The meat fell off the bone, yet the outside was crispy. Pure heaven. For the half course (sides), I chose the Frisee Side Salad. From the name, I was expecting a tiny little salad. What arrived at the table was a heaping mound of greens dressed in a light vinaigrette. Hiding underneath was creamy goat cheese and pickled onions. It was so refreshing. Perfect. I just had to have desert and an espresso. I opted for the Petit Fours, which is a miscellaneous selection of goodies. Mine included a brownie, chocolate chip cookie, a cake-like coconut macaroon, a little cake with icing, a buttery pastry and a chocolate truffle. My fav was the truffle with red pepper flakes. If you are watching your waist line, The Greenhouse may not be your best option. There are a lot of french offerings and they are full of (yummy) calories. Although you can just get smaller courses and avoid a large entree. But why would you want to??!!
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2010,10/5/2010,150,222,8,13,8>And I come out of retirement again to right the wrongs of others. Let me get this straight. You live in NY and $15 is to expensive for a cocktail? Me thinks you live in squalor in NY because $15 for a craft cocktail made with fresh ingredients would be the norm I would think in any establishment around NYC. This isn't the chug-a-lug sir. It is a fine cocktail lounge with a staff that is so cordial and knowledgeable it puts others to shame. I find it funny how you do not mention the cocktail you had because you would remember it and it would be an experience. The VTR does not just serve drinks, they create an experience for their clientele. Each cocktail is handcrafted with precision and the utmost care. I personally have never had a bad experience with the staff. They have always been incredible. When making the perfect cocktail it takes time. I have dipped into the $75 Grand Marnier and purchased regular cocktails and never was it a poor experience. Every cocktail I have tried was a sensory overload as a matter of fact. I am currently stuck on the Moscow Mule, but the Bloody Mary is to die for as are all of the cocktails on the menu. The vibe of the lounge is that of comfort. Overstuffed leather seating options, high top tables, the piano player, the private back room and the garden patio are all amazing. What is not to like about this place? If you can't afford a $15 precision cocktail then go down to Shooters in the Flats and have a Jägerbomb or a Flaming Dr. Pepper. Just don't bad mouth something you obviously don't understand the refinement of.  The Velvet Tango Room is a thing of beauty, with amazing staff, craft cocktails, gorgeous lounge and bar area, a very hands on owner and they all mix to perfection much like their cocktails.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2010,10/4/2010,29,41,4,7,7>My oh my! How is this wonderful place not packed everyday like that grill cheese joint? I've been missing me some awesome mexican food since I moved here and the reviews did not disappoint! I had the Bistec a la mexicana and I should say it's one of the most delicious thing that my mouth has ever had to experience.When you step into this fine eatery, you'll find it unassuming, unpretentious and quaint. You'll be served a plate of the often-mentioned pickled carrots, chips and two kinds of salsa. Try the pickled carrot. It's an unique dish that I've not tasted before. The tortilla chips is good but beware of the salsa. There's the red chili salsa which is the best salsa I've ever had at a a restaurant if you can get pass the burn.  Next is the verde salsa. Green goodness if you can get pass the burn.  Yep they both burn GOOD!The menu is full of both familiar and house specials. I've always like most any dish "a al mexicana" so when I saw "Bistec a al mexicana" I was sold! MAN was it good. Good doesn't even do it justice. It was excellent! it's like waking up in the morning with coffee and breakfast already made and served to you in bed, good. It's like weekend at Bernie's without all that Bernie drama, good. You know what I mean.I didn't have room for anything else after but I must say, the smell of leftover Pueblo's food in your car is an aphrodisiac. nuff said.
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2010,10/3/2010,19,46,14,12,11>Disclaimer: I am not Korean, I'm Polish. And Polish people know nothing about Korean food. But we do know cabbage and so we take kindly to kimchi. We were looking for something new to eat and after reading the reviews on Yelp, we headed over to Seoul Restaurant/Seoul Garden/Asian Cuisine (they have an identity crisis). My fiance lived in SoCal but it has been a while since he's had Korean food and me, well I was a Korean food virgin. So we ordered a shared starter and our entrees. The shumai emerged from the kitchen and was delicious. And then the banchan came. And came. And came. I was totally unprepared for all these little dishes of wonder. I wish they had come with a guide map (I was sneakily Wikipedia-ing banchan dishes on my iPhone under the table). Napa kimchi, some mixed vegetable kimchi, daikon kimchi, sweet glazed potatoes, lotus root, bean sprouts, radish noodles, gyeran jjim, dried anchovy (surprisingly delicous!); I can't remember all of them. I had the hot stone seafood bibimbap for my entree. It was slightly intimidating at first, "Do I mix it all together? Do I pour the sauce in or dip?" I just mixed and poured and enjoyed it as a big mess and it was delicious! The seafood (shrimp, clams, squid, octopus and maybe some other things I couldn't recognize) were delicious - really fresh, not chewy at all. It was really comforting type food. I highly recommend it!  The bbq that my fiance got was delicious, too. Their rice is highly addicting.Also, love the little yogurt shot at the end. Tasted like a creamsicle, Beats the hell out of a fortune cookie.
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2010,10/1/2010,88,79,9,9,10>I have no idea how this is possible, but it appears that I'm the first on Yelp to review The Root Cafe. Centered centrally in Lakewood, I can't imagine any reason why this place won't catch on and build up a loyal following.Now...this is VERY important...I'm giving it five stars, but this is not an official "Brandon's Five Star Rating". They're getting an incomplete for now, as they're eventually going to have food...but I couldn't see to it to give it four stars, because the way the place looks, its location, the internal coolness and the fact that it's not a chain puts it in a prestigious position with me.The chocolate chip cookie DID kick ass though.So...this was the Lakewood Phoenix, moved a couple doors down into a bigger space. The Lakewood Phoenix, aside from its name, had no tie to Phoenix Coffee aside from using their product.And, that they still do, utilizing coffee beans roasted right here in Cleveland. I'm all about the "local", so this is aces with me.The atmosphere is really nice, with very high ceilings, big front windows to people-watch or daydream out of...the walls are green and orange, which nicely contrast the light wood floor. Exposed brick, wood finishes and track lighting all come together to make the spot very inviting.The owners and baristas are all the same crew as the previous location, so they're well aware on how to make coffee. I had my usual first-time-in-a-cafe fare, a cappuccino and chocolate chip cookie. The drink was expertly made, perhaps the best I've had in Cleveland, served in a nice ceramic mug. Again, cool...as I try to throw away as little as possible.Holy shite...I just asked the cute dark haired barista where they get the cookies, as they're equally awesome (though..a BIT expensive for their size...$1.75)......THEY BAKE THEM HERE. RIGHT HERE. All their goodies are baked here, except for the croissants. So, if that's any indication, the food should be awesome.Actually...you know what? Screw it. This is being upgraded to a famous "BRANDON'S FIVE STAR RATING". So suck on that.(Hey...I'm in a good mood...I got paid today, forgot that I hadn't even deposited my last check, and will possibly get to geek it out and play Dungeons and Dragons next week...so give me some slack)So, that changes everything.I'm writing this on their Wi-Fi, it's fast, and easy to get on.Eventually, they're going to have live entertainment as well.I'll absolutely be back...this is definitely the most put-together cafe I've been to in Cleveland, and given that it's new, it'll have the momentum and drive to stay hot.Peace!
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2010,9/30/2010,62,160,4,9,5>well, once I learned that the owner of Happy Dog (so far my go-to place for casual weekend dining) also owned this place, I had to go and try it out!After getting my baller haircut at Paul Mitchell's, I had several options to choose from for dinner in the area.  Should I go back to Le Petit and have savory crepes or should I venture down for some tequila at Momocho's?  Can't really compare the two, and they are both good, but I was in the mood for something a little spicy last night...Now, as a doctor, I am instantly impressed with any restaurant that has the ability to pull off skulls hanging on the wall as decor....along with massive crosses, it really sets the atmosphere of the place.  There's also a little spray-paint picture of Guy Fieri on the wall next to the bar stating that he ate there....lots of the patrons were pointing it out, and this place definitely deserves that kind of attention.Sat at the bar since I was by myself and basically asked the bartender for rec's on the whole menu, and he didn't steer me wrong the whole night.  Started off with the cucumber margarita which was very refreshing, only had the one since I was driving, going to have to come back a few times to try all the other flavors on the menu!Goat cheese guac followed by the chancho taquitos....the thing I love the most about eating everything that moves on the planet, is that I get great recommendations on unique things, I've only ever had wild boar once before and it was really yummy last night, and I even had enough to take home for breakfast this morning, do it up with some scrambled eggs, phenomenal.Luckily, I made room for dessert, not sure how that happened, but I'm sure glad it did.  Bartender suggested the capirotada...uh, gingersnaps with jalapeno bread pudding, you're sure, right?  ok, bring it on out....oh. my. goodness.....thank you Momocho for sending me a bartender who was also a foodie!  Came out piping hot with crema and mint on top, the flavors set off each other so well, it was delish!  Sweet and spicy, hold and cool all in one bite, and the top of the dessert was caramelized just perfectly....I'm glad my mom likes tequila and Mexican as much as I do, I hope she comes out to visit soon so we can go back and sample some more things and maybe do a Sunday night dinner, wish they had that deal for singles out there :o(  reason for the -1 star.
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2010,9/29/2010,342,426,8,9,9>A little depressed about moving to Cleveland and a little depressed that they only place the locals could recommend to eat consisted of the cheesecake factory and melting pot (oh PUHLEEESSSEEE), I was pleasantly surprised to reach B spot burgers, on my trip to the Trader Joes next door.My parents wanted burgers (yes!), so we stopped here once and came back again on their most recent visit. What I love about the food..is that EVERYTHING HAS PULLED PORK ON IT? What??? TWO MEATS?! YES! I first got the Red Hot burger. A medium size patty cooked to my medium preference, that was suppose to be "spicy" with its sriracha mayo. Totally not spicy, but I thought the burger was solid. The next time I went, I got the schroomage. Mmmm. Mushroom. That was pretty solid. I still want to go back and get that Lola though! My dad ordered the plain jane....and he said it was alright. If you go here though, definitely order something more unique! My mom got the Mr. Porky. The bratwurst was HUGE. Bratwurst plus pulled pork? For only SIX BUCKS?!! What a steal.I had no clue who Michael Symon was (dude, I never had cable tv in grad school!) until friends mentioned him, and I later realized, that this place was HIS restaurant! I knew it was too unique. haha. Cool place to stop for a solid meal..... if you like meat like me. :) Just the right amount- not too much (I ate the whole thing...and that says a lot), and not too little. Solid.
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2010,9/28/2010,153,207,14,14,9>There are few things pure in this world anymore, and home is one of the few.Upon returning from a gastronomic adventure to America's culinary capital (NYC), I was in much need of a palate cleanser. I've had my fill of regional favorites throughout each borough in New York City. Now I was craving a piece of home. More specifically, a unique Cleveland favorite: The Polish Boy from the Seti's food truck.And yes Cleveland, there is a mobile food truck besides Dim and Den Sum. And they've been doing it longer. Seti's has been operating their food truck since before mobile food trucks were hip among social media goers. For over 10 years now actually. They park their truck in the Dean's Supply parking lot (restaurant supply store) on the corner of E. 34th and Woodland. Visit them.Anyways, the menu doesn't consist of fancy crap like braised duck ass, cous cous or miso banana parfait's. What it does consist of is down and dirty blue collared hot dog and fry combinations. Polish Boys (dog w/ slaw, fries and bbq sauce) anchor the menu, along with Chili Dogs, Slaw Dogs, Cheese Dogs and fries with any combination of chili, cheese or bbq sauce.The Polish Boy is sloppy, it's ugly but oh so good. I'm glad to be back Cleveland! I missed you.
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2010,9/27/2010,162,287,16,15,15>Tina's is hilarious. It's one of the sketchiest looking joints around. But any bar that offers karaoke every single night of the week is awesome by default. It's one of the best dives in Cleveland. Don't go in expecting anything fancy. They can't even make a White Russian. There are always cheap jello shots -- but jello creeps me the F out. The outside patio was referred to as "the exercise yard". The regulars are all wasted 50 or 60-somethings and a fun crowd that seems to enjoy anyone who will actually get up and sing some horrible songs. Billy Wayne (the KJ) is pretty rough. He has some issues and may or may not have had a stroke or some other sort of trauma -- so I feel bad for picking on him a tiny bit. But seriously, he should try to smile once in awhile and not just drool all over everyone when they ask him a question. He is completely miserable and difficult to deal with but honestly it only adds to the fun and charm of Tina's. Billy's music library doesn't seem to go past the year 1999 either. And make sure you write the correct number down or else he will give you even more attitude than he normally does. I wonder who Tina is anyway.
