<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2014,11/24/2014,111,434,2,3,3>The service was definitely wowing. The food was delish. For a small establishment like this, everything was great. The value was awesome too! I'm glad I chose wisely since I've been eyeing this place and wanted to give it a try. And since I was meeting a friend who was in the area, this place was perfect according to our proximity. So the concept here is to build your own entrée with 3 steps: 1) pick the form you want your food to be in (wrap, platter, or salad), 2) then add your protein (chicken shawarama, grilled chicken tenders, gyro, kufta kabob, falafel), and 3) finally add a side of your choice (fries, cucumber & tomato salad, tahini hummus, or foul modammas). I had the marinated pork with the rice/noodle bowl & Greek fries while my friend had the same thing in wrap form with a side of hummus instead. For dessert, they had two variations of the baklava: pistachio and walnut. The pistachio was pretty freaking awesome. Parking was okay. Even if you can't find an immediate space in front of the business you want, drive around and there are more spaces available.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2014,11/23/2014,71,139,,4,3>Remember those addicting onion petals that Applebees used to have that disappeared for some bizarre reason?  I found them.  They are at LongHorn Steakhouse, and they are called Texas Tonions.  These are just as good as the original and come with that oh-so-necessary horseradish dipping sauce!Okay, now to be serious (although I really do love those onion petals).  We went on a Saturday evening and were lucky enough to get one of the 10 self-parking spots on the front/side of the restaurant.  Nothing against valet, I'm just low-maintenance.  We were seated immediately, despite that the place was packed.  Our drinks arrived quickly and our waitress was attentive, although I do admit the food takes awhile to arrive, so don't come here if you're in a hurry.  Come when you want to enjoy the company because it does take awhile for each course.  I appreciate spacing the courses apart, but it's a little long if you're not in the mood for extensive conversation.Some fresh, warm, and tasty bread was delivered to the table before the Tonions arrived (which are plentiful -- hence the name).  I got the watermelon salad with chicken, and I loved it.  The cheese was smooth and flavorful, the kale was pleasantly flavorful (how many times do you hear that?!), the quinoa (although not plentiful) was a nice addition, and the watermelon with balsamic glaze -- just yummy!  The salad came with breaded chicken tenders, but I was so enamored with the salad and watermelon that I ended up bringing all the chicken tenders home.  It was THAT good.The boyfriend got the Flat Iron steak.  I tried a bite, and it was flavorful and perfectly cooked.  All together, we had a great meal and a nice evening.  Just make sure you're of the mindset to spend some time there during your meal.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,11/22/2014,5,124,3,5,5>I've asked them to make me a custom made pie, using Bill's free range chicken eggs, and make a egg custard pie. (Thank you Bill!) It was the best tasting custard pie I've had in many years. Bill knows how to make a good pie.I go and buy eggs from Greenwoods  once very 2 weeks, I've never had eggs so fresh, the yolk is deep orange and the white is plump. His home made bacon is amazing, you can add it to any menu item, but I just go and buy them by the pound. Recently I have tried his new "Malt Vinegar" it's a different kind of vinegar, Bill is using his honey from his own honey bees and ghost peppers for a kick, I just drizzle this malt vinegar as a salad dressing. Still my favorite restaurant in Roswell.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2014,11/21/2014,248,44,4,4,4>Been a customer of IHOP forever lol. This Sunday morning I slept in missing church service and was feigning a spinach omelette and wanting to try their cheesecake infused pancakes. Soooo, I got the SIMPLE and FIT Spinach Mushroom with a side of tropical mixed fruit and then killed the calories with the NewYork Cheesecake Pancakes with Strawberry syrup!!!  Got mine to go. I almost ate both carry out containers after devouring the omelette (so light, fluffy and flavorful topped with salsa) and those pancakes!!! That breakfast was the BUSINESS INDEED!!!Convenient location and friendly staff. Yes, "I'll Be Back"!!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2014,11/20/2014,17,57,2,8,2>This restaurant just opened yesterday. It is only a mile from my house so I just had to try it. We went for lunch. Since it was a new opening, the parking lot was crowded. We had a 10 min wait for a table. I don't usually wait for a table but made an exception in this case. We got to look at the menu ahead of time and decide what we wanted.  The sandwiches were all around $10. Kind of high. We opted for the 1/2 sandwich with either soup or salad.It was a 20 min wait for our food but I think this was just because the place was busy and the staff was new. It was worth the wait because my sandwich (the veggie grill) was delicious. My boyfriend said his beefeater was awesome. He even liked his salad! I had the butternut squash soup with my 1/2 sandwich and it was perfection. The portions are small for the price but what you do get is quality!We had to wait 15 more mins to get our bill. Hopefully these waits are just because the location is new and the restaurant was bustling.The host was very friendly and gave us each $2 off coupons when we checked out. Funny because we were saying the place would be perfect if the prices were just $2 less.We will be trying breakfast very soon!I think the place will only get better in time.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2014,11/19/2014,24,205,3,7,3>I've had Moxie Burger on my list of places to try based on the glowing reviews in Yelp. The East Cobb location, though, was a little out of the way for me.  I was glad to find out about the new location in Roswell and gave it a try the other day. Moxie is one of the best fast casual restaurants around. The Roswell location is perfect, with a large patio in the back where you can relax and enjoy the view. The servers were exceptionally friendly and really made you feel welcome. I had the blue ribbon burger, which had blue cheese, caramelized onions and mushrooms. The patty was exceptionally thick and high quality. I ordered it medium well.  Sometimes medium well means dried out, but while the meat was fully cooked through, it managed to be still juicy. The blue cheese was just the right amount and was not overpowering. I had cole slaw as a side, and it was not too creamy and sweet, and also was a fairly large serving for just $2. They have a really decent selection of some craft beers on tap, and Miller Lite drafts for just $2. When I came the clientele were mainly families with small children. It looks like a real family friendly place. The parking is excellent. There's a large lot on the back side of the restaurant, off Mill Street. Moxie is a great value for the money and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good burger. I'd like. To come back and try some of the othe burger selections.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2014,11/18/2014,89,136,,4,4>THIS is the reason why I've been slacking on my reviews this year. I was planning a wedding, geesh! I am SO glad that I found this place. I fell in love with this place on my first tour. Looking for a venue with LOTS of space for your wedding or special event? This is the place. Looking for a venue where you can do your own thing? This is the place. Looking for a venue with very few restrictions AND you can have outside catering? THIS IS THE PLACE. Seriously. The price is unbeatable for the amount of space that you can use for this venue. I'm a quantity AND quality type of girl. In my search for a wedding venue, this was my 3rd and final stop. I honestly didn't want to do too much searching. This place is great for people who want to get their creative juices flowing. You have a natural landscape as your canvas, use it however you'd like! Even if you're not that creative, the natural setting is perfect.I met with Sarah. She's pretty cool and very laid back. She was very helpful and extremely accommodating when helping me through everything. First time Brides don't know anything. I had a hiccup and she worked with me and I am forever grateful. Bring your walking shoes - this place is pretty big. Great location for a picnic or just going for a nice walk. I got a nice history lesson on my tour. It holds a piece of the reason why Sandy Springs got it's name - the original spring is preserved here.They even have farmers markets and other outdoor festivals and concerts throughout the year. What a bummer when I found out that I could've become a member and I would've received a discount for booking an event here. Oh well, it was well worth it nonetheless.You can get a brick placed on the sidewalk there for a small fee - look for Sean & Karen September 27, 2014 when you visit :)The Entertainment Lawn - larger than you can handle. I was told that most of the wedding ceremonies happen there.  The Heritage Green Lawn - perfect for lawn games and cocktail hour. The Heritage Hall - very modern and the chairs are nice. You can dim the lights for a romantic setting.Overall, I am very pleased with this venue. Our wedding guests raved about the venue and I don't think we could've picked a better place than Heritage Sandy Springs for our wedding venue. Extremely beautiful setting for a natural outdoor wedding. Even if it rains, there's plenty of space inside to have a ceremony. I highly recommend Heritage for any special event.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2014,11/17/2014,204,194,12,10,12>After reading Michelle K.'s review of Wildflour, I had to give this place a try... but what to order?  Arriving at the counter, it was a tough decision: the Jalapeno Lime Sandwich or the Turkey Meatloaf Sandwich?  What tipped the balance in favor of the Turkey Meatloaf Sandwich was that it was only available for a limited time.  I had to try it while I still could.  My wife opted for the Seinfeld with Grilled Chicken.  I chose potato salad as a side, my wife chose tomato basil soup.  Luckily for us, it looked like we had just beat the lunch rush.  As we sat and waited, the line to the counter had grown, nearly reaching the door.  Then, pow!  Like Thor's Hammer leveling mountains, two sandwiches of enormous proportions were dropped at our table.  That's a big sammich!  At that moment, I wished I had a snake's jaws (or at least a porn star's) to take on such girth.  At least that explains why these sandwiches cost $12 each.  Jockeying the sandwich around in-hand, I was able to find a suitable angle of attack where I wasn't pressing ingredients into my nose or toppling them over back to the plate below.  I wasn't going to be emasculated by wielding a knife and fork at a sandwich shoppe.  Caveman eat with hands!The Turkey Meatloaf Sandwich was really good.  The sage flavor really came through and they were able to keep the meatloaf from drying out.  Savory filling goodness.  The potato salad was pretty good too, served slightly cooler than room temperature, and absent the obnoxious raw oniony crunch that befalls so many other potato salads.  I approve.My wife really liked her grilled chicken Seinfeld, though being the feminine specimen that she is, daintily picked it apart with knife and fork.  The tomato basil soup was ridiculously creamy.  I mean, there may have actually been tomato and basil blended into that bowl of cream.  Very rich.  Tasty, but I wouldn't be able to down all of it.The food was delish, but the portion sizes are liable to leave a working person on their lunch break in a carb induced food coma for the rest of the afternoon.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,11/16/2014,63,215,1,5,2>The Reel Peach martini was fine. Nothing special enough to have again. But the food made waves. Starting with the Sambal Chicken Spring Rolls (with enough to share) with Soy Chili Ponzu sauce for dipping and borrowing a few of a companion's Flash Fried Calamari with Pickled Jalapenos, Aioli, and Marina Sauce, we cleaned those appetizer plates. (Of the two, the calamari won. Order it. Thank me later.)My entree of Sweet Chili Glazed Swordfish Steak atop a creamy bed of perfect Ginger Risotto, Edamame, and Shiitake mushrooms had me "Mmmmmming" throughout. A side of Truffle Cream Corn just for the heck of it was so worth the splurge. Those kernels of corn never had it so good. Service was attentive, but not overbearing. Executive Chef and Owner David Silverman even visited our table after the meal to check in with us.Quiet enough atmosphere for us all to enjoy each other's conversation. And so close to where I live, I know I will find myself making the turn on Main Street headed in their direction quite often.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,11/15/2014,1865,152,10,19,14>This place is tucked away in a big shopping center and I have to thank one of my fellow Yelp buddies for coming here. When I realized it was so close to me, I put it in my GPS, grabbed my boyfriend and head over here.It's not typical Chinese restaurant cuisine. I loved it, though. I got the duck over rice and my boyfriend got the BBQ pork over rice.Since we hadn't been here before the owners let us have a plate of BBQ pork to taste so we wouldn't waste our time and/or money. This was something I really appreciated because a lot of other places wouldn't have done that.There was a duck hanging from the cook's station and a cooked pig's head you could see from the window! Too cool. LOL. My duck was great over white rice. I added a little duck sauce; only because it was in my bag but it didn't really need the extra flavor.Between the cool location and great hospitality from the owners, on top of the delicious food, I'll definitely be back soon!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,11/14/2014,46,202,1,4,5>Well, Local Republic is as good as you may have heard and as good as the rest of these Yelp-ers testify to ...We happened to be in the area recently and tried out the LR for a lunch. There seemed to be people waiting outside for a table and I was hesitant at first but we were seated right away (so "whatever" they were waiting for ...?)There was only one open small, "really-in-the-way" kind of table inside and one table open outside. Despite the August summer weather, we chose the outside table rather than be shoved on the curb of rushing wait staff. It's not bad sitting outside, it was a relatively comfortable day for August and there is plenty of shade on their nicely appointed patio. Though you will be dodging pesky flies and some other winged vermin. The patio is a bit less crowded and loud than the tiny interior but the potential for the overcrowding is certainly there. The menu is creatively presented on the photocopied paper tacked onto wooden "planks." There is a good wine and beer menu and Coca-Cola is the mexican import in glass bottles (trendy!). (Diet Coke is still in can though.)There is a lot to like on the menu at Local Republic so I can see it being worthwhile to frequent if you are in the area.It's clear this place is a hit with the Lawrenceville locals and it deserves to be. There is parking behind the restaurant and all over the streets of downtown Lawrenceville. Worth a try for sure!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,11/13/2014,44,68,2,5,4>I was originally planning a birthday lunch for my friend at Bleu House Market, but they are under renovations till the end of June. I called Bleu House Market to special order a birthday cake for our luncheon and that's when I was notified about the renovations. But I was told about the Bleu House Cafe and switched the birthday luncheon to there. I spoke to Nicole who handles all the baking orders. I let her know how many people would be there and what kind of cake I wanted. She later emailed me a price list for the order.I just ordered a simple cake that feeds 6 six people and it cost $18.  I thought that was a pretty decent price, because some bakeries can charge you an arm and a leg. She said the cake would be ready for me to "pick -up" on the day of the luncheon and she would even have a table reserved for us! That was pretty nice! We arrived about 11:15 and there was no lunch crowd just yet so it was perfect timing. We ordered at the counter and everything was brought out to our table pretty quickly. They kept the cake in the fridge for us until we were ready to start serving it. I ordered the Bleu House Melt which is off the regular menu. My husband ordered the "Thor's Hammer" which was one of the daily specials. Two of my other friends ordered that sandwich as well. My sandwich was really good! Very filling and I only ordered  half a sandwich with a side of thai potato soup. I had a taste of my husband's sandwich and it was awesome!! How could a sandwich with brisket and bacon not be awesome? Everyone seemed to enjoy their lunch thoroughly.The cake was brought out to us after we finished our lunches.  I ordered a Chocolate cake with strawberry filling and vanilla incing. The cake was so delicious!! Everyone loved it! It almost tasted like a brownie with gooey strawberry sauce sandwiched in between. I ordered a cake big enough to feed 6 people, but it was big enough for 12 people! I'm super excited to get my monies worth out of the cake!This restaurant is definitely a solid place for lunch. They have great food, great friendly service, cozy home atmosphere and they also offer catering. Being able to order a cake at the restaurant we were having lunch at was a nice touch. We will definitely be going back here when were in the mood for delicious sandwiches. I would also recommend getting special orders from their bakery. They make delicious pastries and they are reasonably priced.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,11/12/2014,77,600,1,7,5>I've been coming here regularly for about 6 months now, and I'm still very pleased. Like 5 star pleased. I get gel polish every time and I have had no problems with chipping or uneven color. That's not to say that every visit has been entirely perfect, but what I like is that when there has been anything un-perfect about my nails or pedicure I just have a quick conversation with Yvonne (the owner) and she makes everything right. She has been present in the salon every single time I've been there and always takes a genuine interest. She and her husband (who is also there a lot) seriously care about service and I've seen first-hand how they welcome the opportunity to correct anything and everything that isn't 100%. And really - that's exactly what I need from a business.  Consistency, great service and the willingness to fix anything that isn't up to my standards.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2014,11/11/2014,81,191,4,4,4>We stumbled into this place on our way to a different restaurant. Everything about this place looks like Mellow Mushroom. There are plenty of places to sit, they also have a bit of TV's around to catch your favorite game on.The staff is very friendly and will help make a recommendation based on your liking. I was overall impressed and will probably try it again sometime.I had the 12" Humble pesto with half chicken. It was pretty good. Thin dough, not thick, not hard, jussssst right. All of the flavors came together very well and balanced. If you're a vegetarian, this pizza would be great for you (minus the chicken on the other half).
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2014,11/10/2014,47,521,4,4,5>They have coffee.  They have donuts.  I love both.First off, the donuts are like a "base" donut - which is very good by the way, and of a "cake" variety and then they add toppings.  I think you can also make your own creations. The donuts are round.  And slightly smaller than an average sized donut.  They don't seem to have a donut-hole.  Instead, it's kind of like a belly-button - little bit of an inny and little bit of an outtie.I got the cinnamon bun, strawberry, salty caramel and a 4th one I don't remember.  I was going to bring some home - NADA.  I ate them all there.  All very good, and a bit sticky.The coffee was good.The seating area kind of reminds me a classroom with tables.  And not because of the 1 wall that is a complete chalkboard.  Maybe there is some DaVinci theme I missed.I recommend to come by for the donuts - they are very tasty.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,11/9/2014,286,463,3,4,5>Love this place for dim sum!  Believe it or not, as of today, I've only tried dim sum, twice in my life.  That is definitely going to change soon.Thanks to Edward L., I got a chance to have dim sum here with his family earlier today. It was as delicious as I expected. I've only been to one other restaurant in the city (Oriental Pearl) so don't have too many other places to compare it to but this afternoon's experience was great.  The food was served well. The carts had plenty of options and everything tasted well.  The first thing you notice when you pull up to the restaurant is it looks like a banquet hall.  When you walk in, all the seats are covered and you can't help but notice the chandeliers and white table cloth covered tables.  It almost feels like you're at a Chinese wedding and someone's drunk uncle might break out into Karaoke on stage. HA!Food is solid. Prices are decent and you'll walk away stuffed and craving more, next time!  I look forward to introducing my friends to have their very first dim sum experience here soon...
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2014,11/8/2014,47,250,5,5,5>Fantastic, fresh food in one of the cutest setting imaginable. We went for Brunch and this review is for that. We will however be back for dinner as soon as we can be!Atmosphere: This restaurant manages to be cozy yet huge all at the same time. It reminded me a lot of restaurants in wineries and small towns in Napa CA and Woodinville WA. Super adorable.Service: The service was fantastic, friendly, genuine and just enough attention to make you feel like you were well taken care of, but not so over the top you felt uncomfortable.Food: Delicious! After ordering our meal they brought out a few complimentary treats consisting of a delicious bread basket of mini muffins and biscuits as well as some amazing beignets with molasses pecan caramel sauce. Then came out our brunch orders, I got the quiche with salad and my husband got the eggs benedict with grits. First off, the quiche was fresh and well made. It could have been a bit more flavorful but still, it was quite good. The salad however was by far one of the best salads I have ever eaten, and given that I eat salad almost daily, that's saying something. The greens were so fresh, the dressing perfectly seasoned and the salad expertly dressed. I almost asked for more!The eggs benedict were one of the best I've ever tasted. Seriously, it's hard to make this dish, I know, I've tried, A LOT. These guys nail it! Finally the grits were the best grits I have ever had, ever. (If you've had better message me cuz I gotta try them). Creamy but not runny and very flavorful.Coffee: Average coffee, nothing you're gonna get excited about but it's enjoyable enough and does what coffee is supposed to do.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2014,11/7/2014,187,323,4,7,7>Sprouts has finally opened their doors in Norcross today and while I loves me some Trader Joes they are going to take a hit. Everyone and their mothers even the kids showed for today's Grand Opening and wanted to get in on the super deals. Having not been in one of these stores I was super curious and was looking forward to finding out what was inside ?Tons of regular and organic produce, all kinds of vitamins, protein drinks, natural shampoos and lotions and a chip isle that will knock your socks off. I will be a regular here where else can you get raspberry's, cherry tomatoes and even Hot House cucumbers for a dollar ? The meat case was a nice surprise I ended up with a beautiful Ribeye and some Andouille sausage for a pot of gumbo I didn't know I was making until I saw it. If you are not in the mood to cook you are in luck tons of prepared sandwiches and meals are to be had & even a few gluten free too. Looking for sweets they got it in all forms, dairy I lost track of how many different brands are carried.Being that it is a new store it is not without it's problems such as terribly long lines, the deli is a chaotic mess and it irritates me to no end that the employees are shopping not only in their uniform but during peak hours. A star was taken away for these reasons. Now with that out of the way If you haven't shopped here I would suggest stopping by and check it out for yourself. See ya in line.WHY CAN'T I CHECK IN HERE?
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,11/6/2014,42,56,3,8,7>I'm picky about swanky bars.  I waited 3 visits to write this...I love wine.  And if you love wine like me, you want to talk to someone that knows just enough to make you ponder, "the grapes get their flavor from an adjacent pasture known for organic crop rotation in a region notorious for acidic soil and challenging climate?" Ok.  Got it.  You win and my wine is good and that makes you good in my book.Really, I'm just in love with liquor.  All kinds.  Classic mixology intrigues me the way perfect pancakes do.  You see, pancakes, to be perfect, only require a few basic ingredients (and no, I'm not a "just add water" type of guy.). But they are soooo easy to screw up.  It's the same with a good cocktail.  The secret ingredient in both is care and attention.  Stem gives you that.  The three different bartenders I've tested with the classic Vieux Carre have each nailed it with such consistency I could have sworn it was really just all one night in sequence.  But it wasn't - it was three separate times.  I now love you for cocktails.The food menu is limited but appropriate for such a place.  It is narrowed only to amuse bouche-like delicacies such as oysters and charcuterie.  All good.The atmosphere is casual and not pretentious, but feel free to have a dressed up night here, because they will treat you like you are so you might as well.  An old school throw back to days when good bars were great - and it's next to Seed. Need I say more?
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,11/5/2014,249,21,4,6,7>The Brisket...awesome!The Brunswick stew...awesome!The Cole slaw...awesome!The bbq sauce...awesome!We ordered our items for carry out.The brisket was cooked to perfection. Succulent, tender, with a beautiful smoke ring. Not fatty at all & so flavorful. A MUST try. Delicious with or without their homemade bbq sauce.The Brunswick stew was yummy. Not soupy at all...like some other bbq joints, which I will not mention. Hence, the word stew ;-) A container of goodness.The Cole slaw had NO onions in it...can I get a "yeah baby" on that?! Tastes so fresh, with a hint of pineapple. There was virtually no mayonnaise in it, which to me, is a good thing. Nothing worse than mayo ridden cole slaw...ick!The bbq sauce had the "The three bears effect"...not too sweet, not too spicy, juuuust right! I believe the sauce will favor everyone's  palate. Of course if you like it with a kick, like I do, then you can add whatever you like to turn up the heat.There are MANY awards for their bbq excellence hanging on the wall as you walk in.The service was fast & friendly. Clean. Dave Poe was there working hard...in the kitchen & out front helping customers. They know how to treat their patrons. Just order at the counter, they call your number, and you can dine in, or carry out.This was our first visit to this establishment, and it definitely will not be our last. We've driven by the strip mall where DPBBQ is located, for many years, and it was my fellow Yelpers who helped us decide to try it, and we LOVED it!!! They have a busy establishment despite the empty strip mall that surrounds them. Sometimes location isn't everything. It's word of mouth, reputation, and sites like Yelp. :-)Well be seeing you again, Dave Poe :-) ^5
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,11/4/2014,195,325,3,7,6>I always do well in thrift stores.... but if I'm looking for a high-end item, I'll head to a consignment shop.  When my friend said she bought a Badgley Mischka purse for less than $30 -- a nice one! -- I said, 'lead on, MacDuff."  That's how we ended up at Board of Trade. The backroom has fashion: purses (some Chanel and Gucci) -- shoes (I spotted a couple of pairs of Blahniks) and  dresses: also an assortment of designers and styles.  A number of racks have up to 70% markdowns.  I saved over $100 on a brand new pair of Naot shoes.The shop's main area is filled with furniture, glassware, pictures and assorted tchotchkes.  (If you like Asian design, there's plenty.)  I have a small collection of Bargeware, and I'm always on the look-out for more.  I spotted a heavy iron emblem press with a similar design to what I have. I bought it at 40% off, for a very fair price.  It's vintage British, unfortunately not Bargeware, but the press looks great with my other pieces.   I was delighted to discover, via Google, that the press appears in the catalogue of the "Museum of the History of Science" in England. (The same exact one!!)Like most consignment shops, the longer an item sits, the greater the markdown and selection of course, is hit or miss.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2014,11/3/2014,15,187,2,7,5>Only open two months, so unfound still - that won't last long. In the kohl's shopping center , nearer to krogerStarted with 3 diiferent soups. The mushroom  and tofu was super soup. Very flavorful. ( large bowl would have been  enough for 4, so don't over order)We had, Hong Kong crispy duck, lo mein with chicken  ( available also with beef, tofu/veg), and "Asian grilled salmon fillet". All three were perfectly cooked. That doesn't describe it well enough. Just right flavors and cooking.  I am a big duck fan but can't get it done well that often, daughter 1 is picky about noodles and really liked the lo mein.  But best was the salmon with wok'd fresh veggies.Portions large, service very good.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2014,11/2/2014,94,102,3,6,5>This location is solid.My last visit was on a dreary Saturday morning when I needed to meet with someone to work on a group project for my graduate studies. We arrived around 10 am and it was steady but not busy. There was only one person in line ahead of us and plenty of treats in the bakery case to entice us while we waited. I ordered my first pumpkin spice latte of the season! The weather called for it after all. The staff were friendly and made conversation while I ordered and talk about efficient! As soon as I chose a table and set my items down, my drink was done! Warm and tasty with a hint of nutmeg on top, it was definitely a winner.Not more than 15 minutes later the place exploded! Moms and kids, people coming in after their workout, etc. all chose the same time to get their caffeine fix. I was afraid that it would be too much of a commotion to get anything completed. The Starbucks is a bit small and nestled in the corner of the Georgetown shopping center. I shouldn't have doubted! The crew got everyone in and out and on their way in a matter of minutes. I heard lots of pleasantries, thank yous, and saw a few extra tips disappear into their jar. Whether I'm in a hurry or need somewhere to work on a Saturday, I'll definitely look into coming back to this Starbucks again.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2014,11/1/2014,489,857,,8,8>R C's is a hole in the wall. Seriously, it's a size of a hole in the wall. You can probably fit about 10-12 people to dine in there. I suggest you take it to go. R C's opens at 12 PM, which I thought was an odd time for lunch. They are also closed Monday and Tuesday.Anyway, they serve Southern Food, as their name implies. I don't know what the twist is. Maybe the twist is their food tastes awesome? I tried most of their dishes, and they all seemed solid to me. The meat loaf was tender, moist, and flavorful. I would've loved more sauce though. It was a good meatloaf. The Mac and Cheese was very creamy and good. I loved the cheesy flavor and the creaminess. The collard greens are cooked with smoked turkey. These were some of the best collards I've had. I loved the comforting flavor of these. You can also ask for their homemade chow chow to eat it with. The Fried Catfish tasted good. It was nicely fried and had good flavor. Also, they make their own tartar sauce in house. Then again, I think most of their food is made from scratch. They cooked their yams well. It had all its naturally sweet flavor to it. R C's is run by two people basically, the owner and his daughter. They're both incredibly nice. I also liked how polite the daughter seemed. R C's seems like a winner to me. They have great food and great service. Their prices seem reasonable as well.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2014,10/31/2014,160,534,3,4,6>I was in the market for a mountain bike, and tried larger chain stores, with not much luck.  I found the Bicycle Doctor's website, featuring a few really good deals, so I thought i'd head on in.  When I drove to the place and found the small shop, I smiled at the store you could drive right past if you weren't paying attention.  When I got inside, unfortunately the bike I wanted wasn't their, but another equally great bike was, and for roughly the same price.Scott helped me out, really took the time to answer all the questions of a guy who hadn't ridden a bike since trying to get home from elementary school, and not only let me test drive the bike, but kept making minor adjustments so that my seat was properly raised, etc as he watched me ride.I appreciate that greatly, loved not being rushed, and the experience that the Bicycle doctors have seems second to none.Bikes are really all the Bicycle Doctor's do, which is great.  Each wall is covered with accessories from bike pumps, helmets, tool kits to car racks, if it involves a bike, they probably have it, or can get it.  Good people.  Solid shop.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2014,10/30/2014,11,128,4,6,5>After a few more visits, I'm bumping my rating for Village Burger of Johns Creek.4th star - Earned it...Referring to my first review and the lost 4th star, I'm gonna update a few things...1. The drink machine can stay behind the counter for now. The traffic is low enough that it's not that hard to get a refill from the staff.2. There ARE bottled beers available -- standard stuff, nothing craft-y.3. The bun irregularities were just that -- out of place experiences that have since been forgotten.Village Burger of Johns Creek is starting to get more traffic -- YAY, SUBURBANITES FOR EATING "GOOD" FOOD! -- and seems to be finding a groove.  My only lingering concern is if they get REALLY popular and the rental space becomes a liability.In the meantime, I'm going to keep grabbing burgers at Village Burger over Five Guys on the basis of proximity, speed and cost. It's our little suburban alternative to Grindhouse Killer Burgers and Farm Burger -- I'll take that.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2014,10/29/2014,429,176,1,6,8>This place just opened and it's fantastic! I've been eating Little Caesars, Pizza Hut, Papa Johns, and Domino's all my life. And now, for once, I've been introduced to a better pizza! No one felt like cooking at my house tonight, so we remembered we had a coupon and that they give 30% off for employees at hospitals and we ordered a large cheese pizza with mushrooms along with a Jet's Bread. Amazing!!! The pizza was definitely fresh and had great flavor. I have a huge love for pizza-bread/cheese-bread too and Jet's Bread did not disappoint. I recently had a bad experience with Little Caesar pizza and Jet's pizza is WAY better. We only order pizza a couple of times a year, but the next time I order pizza I'll definitely have a preference for Jet's.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,10/28/2014,336,485,4,7,6>Some of my friends and I started coming here to play volleyball since it was more so neutral territory as far as driving distance goes. Honestly, the people here are so much nicer than the people at the other park we go to. We were able to play a few pick up games, and alternated teams accordingly to size. We played for a good two hours, and everyone there was friendly, and enjoyable to be around. They didn't take everything too seriously and made it a fun atmosphere. Whenever we lost the ball, there were plenty of people around the park willing to get the ball for us and throw it back our way. It is a lot smaller than Duncan Creek Park, but there doesn't seem to be a lot of people that come out to this park so it seems relatively okay in size. There are only two sand volleyball courts, they have from what I saw, I think 3 basketball courts, and a huge football field. One of these days, I wander the park and see what else they offer! :)
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,10/27/2014,24,70,7,4,3>Sitar is an Indian restaurant located on Holcomb Bridge Road in the same shopping center as the Kroger and a stone's throw away from the National Chattahoochee Recreation Area.  The interior of the restaurant is actually quite large, consisting of two discrete areas, and it's clean, but it isn't especially decorated in any interesting manner nor is there much ambience to speak of. This is the sort of place you go to eat as opposed to a romantic night out, and there's nothing wrong with that.We were greeted right away and the service staff was friendly and efficient. For an appetizer, we ordered the Paneer Pakora which is essentially fried cheese curds. This was alright, but honestly didn't have much flavor, and I would probably pass on it next time. For the entrée, my girlfriend ordered the Chicken Makhani - boneless tandoori chicken served with a tomato sauce and I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo. When I ordered the Vindaloo (boneless chicken served in a tomato-based hot and sour sauce) the waiter warned me it was the hottest item on the entire menu. TSince I love spicy food, I was not deterred and further asked for it "spicy." (You specify whether you want your dish mild, medium, spicy or extra spicy.) So, I ordered the hotter version of the hottest item available. I'm not one of these jackwagons who will eat the hottest thing conceivable for kicks, but I really do like food with a little bite, but the Vindaloo just about killed me. The dish is very good, with a distinct and unique flavor, but has the sort of burn and spiciness that doesn't go away. About half way through dinner, I was sweating and with tears rolling down my cheek, I had to surrender. The server, seeing my pain, kindly offered some rice pudding free of charge to help alleviate my suffering. I should have just ordered the item as it came.  The Chicken Makhani is fantastic. It has a little bite, but it isn't painful, and the Tandori flavor is wonderful. I will definitely order that the next time I go back. In conclusion, Satir has outstanding food, and even though I'm still suffering as I write this review, can highly recommend it. Even better, if you happen to live in the area, they deliver.Cons: Not much of an atmosphere.Pros: Great food.Verdict: Recommended.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2014,10/26/2014,34,13,4,6,7>One word: delicious. If you're trying to be healthy or stick to a diet, this is not the place for you. My food was smothered in buttery, cheesy goodness and I enjoyed every bite! I ordered the pick two combo. I had the stuffed shrimp (sooo good, even though it was a little too salty) and scallops (much better than I expected them to be). It also came with two side dishes. I chose the veggies and baked potato (I wished they would have dressed it up but they do provide sour cream and butter). We had the seafood nachos for an appetizer. You could seriously eat this for a meal. It had fish, shrimp and scallops covered in a white creamy cheese. Oh dear I just drooled. Superb. If you're reading this you just need to go order this now. What are you waiting for?The party I was with ordered a little of everything. Their menu is pretty huge. There is even some sort of grilled octopus appetizer for the adventurous of heart. They also have a land lovers section with burgers, etc if you're dragging along a friend who isn't excited about seafood. I'll be back.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2014,10/25/2014,109,364,5,5,4>Fantastic track with very interesting holes.This is a private club and I was able to play due to a company tounament. It is located way up in Alpharetta. I drove by a few mansions after the security gate. Its a pretty nice neightborhood.The folks at the club are nice. From the bag boy, to the event director. Everyone was profesional and courteous. The condition of the course is very good. If you hit it into the fairway, you are assured of a very nice second shot. Grass is carpet-like. Super dense and firmish.  Tee box in good condition. Fairway with good drainage. Bunkers are fluffy and DEEEP. They have these British Open pot bunkers that are 6 feet deep. Stay clear of these. Greens are awesome. Tricky, but good shape.Very scenic, lots of water , foliage, sand, bunker, island green, elevation.My only gripe is the distance marker. I don;t think I saw any. But I had my trusty range finder.Overall, very good track.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2014,10/24/2014,51,86,15,29,18>I just love this place.  Just found out that you can BYOA!Got the 2 usual:Minced beef with cilantro soupBraised Fish in Chili OilBoth good as usual.My friend ordered some basil chicken which wasn't too bad either. We also had some pork belly buns served with cilantro. Very well marinated pork. My friend was hooked on the buns.The table next to us ordered too much food and gave us one of their dishes. It was a thinly sliced pork belly in chili sauce served cold. I'm not sure of the name on the menu, but it was very good. The guy who gave us the food was pretty drunk and continued eating from the dish at our table while waiting for his friends in the bathroom. It was that good.My friends and I love spicy food. And I can say that all of our dishes had a lot of kick to it (maybe not the pork buns). Service was pretty good. Our waitress was helpful explaining and recommending dishes we've never had.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,10/23/2014,19,109,4,8,5>I love the Marietta Farmers Market! It is a great local venue where the community can hang out with their families, stop by after a morning yoga class or make a quick stop while you're out running errands. The market offers a wide variety of products from handcrafted jewelry, paintings and pottery to fresh produce, baked goods and doggie treats.  There are regular vendors selling items like hand whipped Shea butter, sweet pickled jalapeños, fresh cut wild flowers, and all natural popsicles. Yes, some of the items are a bit pricey but that's typical for "organic, specialty" farmer's market products like goat cheese and handmade soaps. For the most part, your basic market staples are reasonably priced. Parking can be an issue so be prepared to drive around a bit to secure a spot. There is also a parking deck across from the Strand Theatre where you can park. sorry - don't know if parking is free because I always get a space near Starbucks! There's a small play area/park in the middle of the square where kids can play for a while if you wanna grab a cup of coffee, a pastry and sit near the fountain to relax and enjoy the sun. Dogs are welcome too...on a leash please.speaking of dogs, they also have a dog adoption booth there weekly with some really great looking dogs who need a home ( you just went awwww, didn't you?) The market has certainly grown in the past 7 years I've lived in the area and my guess is that it will continue to grow and get better.  I'm there almost every Saturday enjoying some "me time" while the family sleeps in, but sometimes I get lucky and one of my kiddos wants to tag along (which always means I need to bring more money!!!). My faves: Shea butter by Makeba ( better than anything u can buy at a store), Pickled jalapeños (samples on wheat thin w/ cream cheese are amazing), King of Pops popsicles, fresh wild flowers (in mason jar you can bring back next week for next purchase-so chic!), and produce (walk around to check it all out before you start buying stuff).If you've never been...GO!  And if you haven't been in a long time you should go back.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2014,10/22/2014,12,46,6,5,3>I'm from New York. I went to school just off Arthur Ave in the Bronx where these guys are from (Fordham University). I grew up in Brooklyn, where pizza is a holy and sacred subject.These guys know pizza. Their crust is thin with a great snap and the right bit of airiness t the edge. The sauce is rich with tomato flavor and just a hint of herbs and garlic. The cheese is generous and tasty.  Best of all, you can fold a slice for eating like a real New Yorker. Nothing "artisan" about this place. It's New York pizza, served in a New York pizza parlor by guys from New York, who know their craft.The rest of their menu is just as good. One of the dishes that I use to judge an Italian kitchen is "vongole bianco" - pasta with white clam sauce. This place uses FRESH clams with just the right amount of white wine, olive oil, parsley and garlic. Simply delicious and a true testament to their talent. BTW - they also own the deli next door where they understand the term "hard roll" and offer both Dr. Brown's sodas and Manhattan Special. Now all they need is a dirty-water-dog cart and I'd move in.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2014,10/21/2014,141,223,4,5,5>I was incredibly impressed with this place. I used Expedia to book a trip here about a month in advance, and it rounded out to around 120$ for a room with two Queens. Not only were the beds and pillows comfortable, but the room was spacious and seemed to have been upgraded within the past few months. There was a flatscreen TV, a microwave (not the kind with a turning timer that I've seen in a lot of older hotels, but a newer model), and even a mini fridge. There was also a closet, which I found impressive, rather than a chest of drawers or a wardrobe. So a really spacious bang for your buck. There's also free wifi in your room, and they even provide you with a wifi password. I loved that wasn't an additional cost like it tends to be at a lot of other places. We also went to the indoor pool, which was (unfortunately) freezing, but there was a warm Jacuzzi in the same area that we dipped our feet in. Towels for the pool were kind of thin, however, so I would recommend that you bring your own.The continental breakfast was superior to many I've seen at other hotels, and even had a free waffle maker, breakfast burrito station (eggs and sausage), drink machine that included cranberry cocktail and mango peach, and the ubiquitous cereal station that is at every hotel continental breakfast. Another great thing about the breakfast is that it went on until check out (11 or 12), so even if you're a later waker, you have time to get some breakfast before you check out.Also, there's a free shuttle service until 10pm. You can ask the front desk, or even call the shuttle within a 3 mile radius, and it will come pick you up. While we were pretty excited about this, it seemed a tad disorganized. We were at AWA last weekend, and we called the shuttle on our way to the drop off point, and when we got there, we called the front desk again, only to have them tell us that the shuttle was on the way. Needless to say, 30 minutes later, we called (yet) again and they had to re-send the shuttle. This was after we waited another 30 minutes for it to get there. So the shuttle got there around 45 minutes after our first call. The shuttle driver was adamant that he had even waited 10 minutes, which seemed kind of curious since we were at the drop off point within 10 minutes of our call. I think it was just a matter of a bare miss, and the hotel didn't realize the shuttle was already on its way back. So, a bit disorganized. I think they would benefit if they had a GPS app you could download with a hotel app that  would show you where it was, or if it was in transit to the drop off point. That's what the shuttle service does for my job, so I know it's possible.PROS: Shuttle service until 10pm every day within a 3 mile radius (including the Cobb Galleria area).Indoor pool.Updated appliances (fridge, microwave, coffee maker).Great continental breakfast (with waffle maker and breakfast burrito station).Comfortable beds.Affordable price.Closet (with a door), instead of the usual drawers for clothes.Check in/Check out was a breeze, though our rooms were ready about 10 minutes after check in.Courteous staff.Free parking.Hotel was near the interstate, and near the Cobb Galleria.Free in-room WiFi. They even give you a password to use, so it isn't the kind of WiFi with strings attached.CONS:Slightly disorganized shuttle service, when there's a higher volume of patrons using it. The staff only knows when the shuttle leaves the hotel, and not when it is coming back.Thin pool towels--bring your own!THE VERDICT:I would definitely stay here again if I was close by. We stayed here for Anime Weekend Atlanta, and took the shuttle service a couple of times to get to the Cobb Galleria, which was really handy. It was a great experience, and as you can see, the pros far outweigh the cons.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,10/20/2014,25,109,1,7,6>I come here every week....which says a lot. Its so damn good. I love their sauce that they make...no you don't make it yourself, but am pretty sure you can ask. ( I've seen people who are bold enough to do it themselves) But overall.....its good to a perfection based on your spiciness level. Their broth is amazinnng. It is just right. Service is mediocre...but hey c'mon. Its a Korean restaurant so don't expect much  customer service..if you want their service thats what the bell is for. Overall, they are friendly about it. I would definitely recommend this place to new people looking for a Shabu Shabu place.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,10/19/2014,13,126,4,4,3>Used to live right around the corner from this place when it was still a Wild Wings Cafe and went from time to time. Nothing overly impressive, just another WWC at the end of the day.I was informed a while back they went off on their own and became the current Wing Cafe and have been there 3 times this year.Honestly, they're probably a better establishment now than they were before. For one, the food quality hasn't suffered one bit and is still about the same in terms of pretty good wings and other items that are good for the most part.The biggest improvement from what I can remember is the beer selection offered, which I'm a sucker for. A legit draught selection and quite a good # of bottles on any given day, and the option to do a 4 beer sampler/flight is a very cool option as well and something I've taken advantage of twice.Lastly, the service has been really good, from the one time we sat at the bar to the two times out on the patio so kudos to them for finding some legit servers to work there. Live music is a common place occurrence there as well so I'm sure some will appreciate that.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2014,10/18/2014,44,68,3,6,4>For the past year or so, Sedap has been the go-to place to cure my homesickness. So, when we received the devastating news that it had changed ownership last week, we had to come check it out. Upon arrival, we were elated to see Paul, the original owner, manning the counter. I was hoping maybe it was just a rumor.... Paul confirmed that he indeed has sold the business....bummer!Since we were here, we decided to try out the new Sedap and ordered Char Kay Teow (fried flat rice noodle), curry laksa (noodle in curry-coconut broth), and satay (grilled chicken on skewers, served with peanut sauce) - the "gold standard" of Malaysian cuisine. Here is how the dishes fared: Satay - remains similarly tender and delicious. The dish is pretty much the same, except it has less char on the meat. Char Kay Teow - I like it a lot. I thought the flavor is even more authentic and I tasted lots of "wok hey" - a nice flavor when food is cooked in extreme heat (the same principle as Maillard reaction in modernist cooking). However, I thought the noodle  was too salty. Definitely need to tell them to go easy with salt/soy sauce. On a different note, as my tip said, do remember to ask for sambal belachan when you order this dish. It's a Malaysian condiment/chili paste that pairs best with Char Kay Teow. Curry Laksa - Another solid dish. The first sip of broth, I tasted curry leaf - a must have in any legit curry laksa- and I'm sold. Different cities in Malaysia have difference variation of Laksa and this is very similar to Kuala Lumpur version. Again, the dish is not perfect. It's way too oily (there was a sheen of oil floating on top) and the broth is a tack too sweet.  Overall, we like the dishes. As much as we are going to miss the previous owners, we welcome the new kid on the block.  We will keep coming back for sure.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2014,10/17/2014,87,53,3,3,5>This is a one story Barnes and Noble that is pretty much like every other Barnes and Noble.  They have an ample selection of books and magazines; the magazine section runs the entire length of one wall.  In the middle of the store is a Starbucks café serving tweek-inducing drinks and pastries with free Wi-Fi.  What sets this particular Barnes and Noble apart from the others in town is the location.To my knowledge, this is one of the only Barnes and Nobles near the MARTA train line.  It's about a half mile (about a 10-15 minute walk) from the Perimeter Mall stop.  While there's a very generous parking lot out front, it's good to know you can access the bookstore by train if needed.The location also allows the bibliophile and the shopaholic to happily coexist.  That's because the bookstore is situated in a plaza with stores like Restoration Hardware and The Container Store.  The plaza is adjacent to Perimeter Mall too.  So the book lover can sip coffee and browse titles to their heart's content while the shopper shops till they drop.     Of course there's a flip side to every coin.  The proximity to Perimeter Mall means that this place (and the area in general) is an absolute ZOO during the Christmas shopping season.  You've been warned.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2014,10/16/2014,148,167,3,4,6>This is a cool used bookstore...  I love the name and have been driving past it for two years without even stepping foot inside... well shame on me!! I was in need of a certain book and had gone to another used book store down the road, but they didn't have what I was looking for so that led me to Bookmiser and lo-and-behold they had the novel I wanted.  They only had one copy so I snatched it up and looked around a bit more.  I had to ask if they had any manga, which they did, but it was a rather small selection of them so I ended up just purchasing the one book.  Service was great as the couple behind the counter was really nice and even informed me that if the book I was looking for wasn't there they could check and see if it was at their other location.  So that's awesome to have extra options.  The shopping strip where the store is located is quite small and shares the space with other businesses.  But parking was okay when I went, but just have to be mindful of it when stopping by if all the shops are busy.  Other than that, it's a nice shop... has that used book store smell... I wonder if glade can bottle that smell so I can use it in my apartment I love the smell of books....(that doesn't make me weird at all)...  The prices are reasonable as most used books are 50% off, not sure about the deal on newer books... But I will be returning because I clearly need more books!!!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2014,10/15/2014,42,49,10,16,14>OH LA LA!! DELICIOUSNESS!! I've never been a fan of Chinese Buffets. However, I would definitely come here on any given day. They do have American Dishes for those of us who would like to take a break from Chinese food, but the majority of their food is Asian. The overall flavor is pretty decent, even though some items tend to be a little sweeter.The food is very fresh, and they keep bringing out more food once it's starts to run low. Dinner = $10 Lunch = $7 What more can you ask for???CRAB LEGS & CRAW FISH = LOVEWait, did I just mention Crab Legs & Craw Fish? Oppsie!! I absolutely love how this buffet still provides Crab Legs & Craw Fish despite how cheap it is,  but most buffet do not serve crab legs anymore because it's very expensive.The heart of this buffet lies within their Hibachi Grill. They have a hibachi grill where you chose your vegetables, eggs, meat, noodle or rice and handed to the cook to grill and then pick up once it's juicy and ready to go. What I always get on my dish is rice, lots of eggs, and fake crab meat. I've never had better fried rice than here.The Sushi here are just your average Americanized rolls just like the sushi they have at Roll Me. It's pretty decent for being so cheap, so I can't be complaining.I heard a lot of bad things about this buffet's location, but it works out great for me. Since they are located on the Intersection of Jimmy Carter and Singleton, the traffic can be bad, but I never had trouble coming here on any given day.The buffet is very very very BIG!! The Interior is very clean, and the dining area is pretty big.I always get a modern vibe coming here compared to any other Chinese Buffet. Here are the reasons why you might dislike going here:1 The American food is not that tasty. 2 Some dishes are a bit too sweet/creamy.3 The Customers can be very rude, and pushy.Based on the price, variety and overall quality, I gave this place a four star rating.Overall, I really love this place. I come here a lot, so needless to say I would recommend this to anyone. Also, dinner only cost about $10 a person so don't expect this buffet to carry legendary food.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,10/14/2014,162,319,2,7,6>The very first time I ever went here, it was years ago. I don't remember what I had and don't remember being super impressed with the food anyhow; just that the honey croissants were pretty dang tasty and so was the hot bacon and mustard vinaigrette that they make in-house. But I hadn't been back since then... till recently.You go to a place like Joey D's, you gotta try the steaks, right? Well I wasn't in the mood for a heavy meal, so I spotted a great compromise -- a filet mignon salad. Perfect. It was priced around $15-16, which I thought was very affordable. I saw it came with a low-carb vinaigrette, but I asked for the house dressing instead (aforementioned hot bacon and mustard vinaigrette). I received a HUGE salad with filet chunks on top. Hey, pre-cut? I was happy about that but some people may not be. I am not sure if an entire 6 oz. filet was included with the salad... maybe it was more like 4 oz. but it was enough for me. And I guess I forgot this fact, but the dressing actually came in two parts. One was a small container of scary oily bacon fat with bacon in it, and the other is a small container of what looked to be honey mustard. If I'd known or remembered that, I would have just gotten the honey mustard. I very much enjoyed the salad and would order it again. The steak was juicy, tender and full of flavor without being over the top. And actually, all their steaks are pretty reasonably priced. This is a definite date night place.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2014,10/13/2014,23,74,4,7,4>I went with group of 15 people. My friend, who had their food at the food truck recommended this place. It's located in the same shopping center as Studio Movie Grill. Therefore, on a Friday night, parking was impossible! We circled and circled for about an half hour till we finally parked. There is a valet but they charge $10. Valet was going to cut some slack and charge $5. Still, that's bit too much and I feel that in a parking lot that big, no need to pay. I finally made it to the restaurant. It's at the end of corner, it's pretty small. They got 3 small tables that can seat like 10ppl or so? Good thing my friends got a table already, even though some of us had to stand and eat. There were only 2 ppl working so the food came out really slow. My friends ordered the famous Mac and cheese. We took their last order, it was sold out. I normally do not like Mac and cheese but this one was better. Wasn't super great but good. I ordered philly nachos. It had lettuce, jalapeños, cubed steak pieces, melted cheese, and sour cream. I loved it. It was flavorful and tasty. My friend ordered smoked sausage tacos. I loved it too. Their sausage was delicious. Three small tacos per order. For drinks, they have jar titis, sodas, and coke from Mexico. Supposedly, coke from Mexico taste lot better than coke from here because instead of sugar they use sugarcane. Overall, there were pros and cons. At the end, I had a great time so I'm overlooking all that. Besides, ladies that worked there were friendly and cool. 4 stars it is!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2014,10/12/2014,108,284,4,6,3>I like hibachi but I don't often go to hibachi restaurants unless you include the Hibachi Grill & Buffet lol. I think in general, hibachi restaurants are pricey. I mean, it's good to have the food cook right in front of you and for a "show." I usually would only go if going with a group of people. I haven't heard of Samurai Blue Japanese Girl until my SIL suggested it. I offered to take her out to dinner for her birthday and she chose to go there. She has been several times and loves it. I read the reviews on Yelp and overall, had great reviews so I was excited to go.First of all, the address needs to be change on Yelp cause it's at a new location in the Goodwill/Krogers shopping center and right behind QT and Sonic. From the outside, you would not realize how gorgeous it is inside. It's very nicely decorated. The hostess was really friendly and dressed in a kimino top.The restaurant wasn't packed but there were small groups (it was four of us) of people eating hibachi. We didn't get any sushi and I didn't pay attention to the people who were sitting in the non hibachi area. We all chose something in the entree section. I chose spicy garlic chicken. With the appetizers, I got salad ginger sauce which and onion soup. Both were good but wasn't able to finish them because I was saving my stomach for the entree.The hibachi chef was friendly and did the usual show. With the onion show, I always expect to see a fire but I was impress when he put soy sauce in it, making it look like a volcano erupting. I've never seen it and neither has anyone else. It may be a new thing?I'm impress with the portions because I got so much food and wasn't able to finish. I had to get a to-go box. The fried rice was good by itself. The stir fry veggies were good. I munched on a little until the chicken was cooked. I was surprised to get two shrimps which was the appetizer until my chicken was done.Overall, I had a great experience and would come back again.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2014,10/11/2014,151,91,3,5,4>With two visits to the Crave Pie Studio under my belt (get it?), I feel qualified to lay out the review. Located in the small revitalized old town of Duluth, it is in the perfect spot for visitors wandering around the town or for folks just passing through.Inside, the shop is small but airy and bright, with a wide variety of their "mini" pies displayed in cases.The owner and her employees are more than willing to help you make your selection, and they can name each pie and it's culinary attributes without pause.I have had the privilege of trying a chicken pot pie (OFF THA' CHAIN), Dutch Apple, Chocolate Chess, and a veggie/bacon quiche. Each one of their offerings have been well made and bursting with flavors, so they definitely rack up five stars for the food.It's worth mentioning that they have spectacular coffee that is roasted by a local roaster, so make sure to have a cup of their whole bean brew along with your pie.A quick recap for you fellow Yelpers who have short attention spans causing you to briefly scan a longer review instead of reading it (like me!)- location is perfect-service is spot on-food is spectacularGet here ASAP!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2014,10/10/2014,113,370,4,9,5>If you haven't tried their fig & prosciutto flat bread, you need to STAT. It is pretty amazing, it has sweetness from the fig and saltiness of the prosciutto on a thinly crisp flat bread and the arugula gives it that bite to harmonize everything together in your mouth. And for dinner, I highly recommend the free range chicken, it is the best chicken I've had in forever. It's juicy, perfectly seasoned and I didn't need to eat anything else with it. It didn't need any sauce because it was so tender and juicy and it is all white meat... I can't believe I can put those two in the same sentence... I didn't care for their "trial" salad that comes with it. It has this sharp tang to it and it didn't go well with the chicken. I didn't want to mask my palate with anything so that I can really taste and enjoy this free range chicken. So GOOD.As always, great service.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2014,10/9/2014,80,85,3,5,5>Really like this place.  The ttuks are great! And I mostly come for the shaved ice with fruits and red beans. I think I'm addicted to this thing! I've had 3 of these in less than a week hehe. It has strawberries, melon, kiwi, watermelon, bananas, pieces of ttuk, sweet red bean, corn flakes, ice cream all these goodies on top of shaved ice makes it heavenly good!!! You can definitely share one with one more person.. But if you are with me, you better get your own! I'll fight you for it.It costs less than $8.00 and to me that is priced lower than most places? Maybe I'm wrong, but its worth it.There is so much going on in every bite, from soft to crunchy, from sour to sweet, from creamy to watery. I added a picture of it to show you how good it looks and make you want one right now. Next time you crave something sweet and cold order this fruit bingsu and you wont regret it.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2014,10/8/2014,1424,609,106,130,126>Discovering something new and different is a beautiful gift that life occasionally allows you to experience. In my impromptu search for pho, I got the opportunity to experience a restaurant that will remain on my mind for weeks, months and maybe even years to come. THE SCENEIf I'm being totally honest, I've had a few experiences in Duluth that left me feeling unwelcome and it made me skittish about coming back to the area again.  However, I really wanted to give this place a try even though I was very hesitant. I initially walked in only intending to place a to-go order but thankfully my mind was changed almost instantly.THE EXPERIENCEWarm smiles and enthusiastic greetings are more valuable than many businesses realize. As I entered, my eyes were wandering to-and-fro just checking out the atmosphere when I heard a friendly welcome from one of the staff. So welcoming that when he asked me if I planned to dine in my brain had already prepared to say "no"  while my mouth said "Oh yeah!"  I was quickly seated at a lovely window table and soon after a server brought out a menu. SERVICE here was second to none. I was well attended to by not one, but two servers. They anticipated my every wish as though they were reading my mind. They stood off in the distance, but always had me in view. So when I looked around the table for soy sauce for example, it wasn't more than a few seconds before they appeared at my table asking "were you looking for this?" Seriously blew my mind.Cindy was not my actual server, but seemed to take over. She made it her duty to make sure I knew what I was ordering and how best to eat it. I am not very familiar with pho, the ingredients that come with it, or the different sauces displayed on the table. Cindy, in the most nonjudgmental and kind-hearted of ways, made perfectly sure I had no doubts or concerns about my meal.THE FOOD* Shaking Beef (lunch combo) $8.96 | 4.5 StarsSimilar to Mongolian Beef but milder. Delicious, especially when dipped in a salt, pepper and lime juice solution provided in your bento box. (Cindy showed me, because I had no idea what the ingredients were for). * Crispy Lotus (30% off) $4.90 | 5+ StarsThis was my first time ever trying this and I LOVE it! So good, and the accompanying onions/peppers made it even better. A definite must try!* Pho Special (several meats including tripe) $7.46 | 5 StarsI'm not an expert, but earlier today I ordered pho at a nearby restaurant for the first time. Although I really liked theirs, I absolutely loved the pho here. The broth was super flavorful. * The veggies that come with the meal were awesome. Kinda looks like a cole slaw without mayo. Lightly sweetened and delicious. | 5 Stars* Complimentary crispy pork egg roll was really delicious | 4 Stars* Complimentary Tofu Egg Soup was great | 4 Stars* The fried rice was average | 3 StarsNOTESA wonderful yelp friend told me her favorite Vietnamese dishes is Shaking Beef. I came here to try the pho but I decided against it when I saw this dish on the lunch menu.  My server sensed my food dilemma and without asking brought out a bowl of the pho broth for me to try. It was delicious, so I ordered a small bowl to go. She placed the broth in a separate container from the other raw ingredients for me to reheat later (just as they would have in the restaurant). The to-go containers were packed with such care even my children were impressed when we unpacked it at home later that evening.FINAL THOUGHTSI love this place! The decor was perfect. Plenty of natural light flooding in from the large windows and soft instrumental music blanketing the air only served enhanced the experience. It is my first venture into Vietnamese food, but I honestly can't see how anyone wouldn't love it here. I enjoyed every part of my meal and the service was so good I actually left with a crush on my server (don't tell my wife). Cindy took such good care of me I left her a 50% tip.  I will definitely be adding this place to my regular rotation of restaurants.Thank you Lotus Vietnamese Cuisine. Best food/service experience I've had this year to date. Everything about my visit was more than I could have expected.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,10/7/2014,44,39,3,9,7>If you haven't been here since the remodel then definitely make a trip!The remodel definitely puts it back at the top with other nice end movie theaters. The theaters have RECLINING CHAIRS! and not ones just just pull and it pops out but machined? (had no idea how to phrase that) so you can adjust your legs to your liking! The seats are so comfortable but bigger seats means less seating in the rooms. Drinks and slushies are refillable yourself and I believe the popcorn is free refills as well. There is also a bar area in the front lobby as well.The service was very friendly and nice and the place is kept well.I thought because of the remodel the prices would go up but its the same price I pay before so kudos to that! I normally go for the matinee times which are only $7.Great time and will definitely come back.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2014,10/6/2014,35,193,,6,4>I don't understand any bad reviews for this place. I had a fantastic experience here!!  I accidentally dropped my phone and cracked the screen so badly it was inoperational. I was desperate and drove to Verizon. They recommended this business and I drove over there 15 minutes before close. The owner was super friendly and understood my anxiety over my phone. He agreed to fix it while I waited. It literally took ten minutes and it was perfect!! I thought the price was reasonable too based on other stores I had considered. I will definitely come here if anything ever happens again to my phone. Terrific service and so fast and especially understanding of the urgency of needing it fixed. Thank you so much!!!  If you have any problems with your phone I urge you to check out this business.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2014,10/5/2014,77,47,4,6,5>Ok... I'm not going to lie. The outside and inside of the restaurant are a bit dated.But, as for the food? Outstanding!My wife and I shared the pad thai chicken with glass noodles, num tok (Thai beef salad), tom kha kai (coconut chicken soup). It was not spicy but very DELICIOUS!!!! We also had the Thai tea which I could drink all day long!!!The only slight disappointment of our dinner was that my wife wanted to get the mango sticky rice for dessert. But alas they where out of the mangos. We will be back for that mango sticky rice!!!!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,10/4/2014,36,136,2,5,3>This was our 2nd visit and I really like this place.  It's not upscale by any means but the staff is attentive and they have a great variety of food.  You can choose between many Cuban or Mexican dishes and portion size was fairly large (enough to split).This night I had the Caribe Dip for my entree, technically from the appetizer menu, and it was lovely.  It was more than enough for a meal and I highly recommend.  Gooey cheese dip containing chicken, shrimp and steak comes to you with flour tortillas and some of the best pico de gallo I've ever had, impressive. Salsa is quite obviously fresh and not super hot, I ate so much! I'm picky about my salsa, usually at a restaurant they either try and pass off store-bought as fresh or make it so darn hot it's inedible.  This was perfect!The only minor issues with restaurant- when we arrived there was no host/hostess and no greeting.  We just kind of stood around for a few minutes and then just sat ourselves.  There doesn't seem to be assigned tables for the servers so we answered questions in duplicate and triplicate because different servers kept trying to help us.  There are worse problems to have though, and they are all very friendly,
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2014,10/3/2014,107,56,,12,6>Mango Six is an extremely popular cafe straight from Korea. They're known for their all fruit/natural drinks and it's a must if you're a health freak or just like trendy new cafes to try.There's definitely always a long line but they're a well oiled engine. You can see all their workers working in unison and see buckets of mangoes that had just recently been cut out going back to the kitchen. Believe the hype - it tastes fresh.It is NOT cheap however. For one of their signature drinks in the smallest size it's already about $6 in what they consider a "tall" It's definitely a TREAT.I like to get my drink with Mango and Coconut Milk. It has a nutty flavor to it like pistachio so it is creamy but I prefer it over getting a frappuccino that seems fattier.You can also get boba, aloe jelly, or another add-on that's part of the drink but I prefer the drink as is.There's wifi and a lot of space as well! I recommend you giving it a try if you're in town.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2014,10/2/2014,7,40,3,6,2>This is a very tough review!  I took my two kids here and sat in the dining room. Like another review stated the ambience is kind of strange for milton GA but would fit Kingsport Jamaica.  The menu is very simple with the basics of chicken goat and pork. All with the standard Jamaican sides. We ordered the jerk chicken, spicy rice, cabbage and plantains (picture posted)!  It was FANTASTIC!!!!!  Very spicy. The other dishes around the table were very good.I was torn between a 3 to a 5 rating on this one.  Food came close to a 5 in my book for what it is. I highly suggest trying this place......for the food. If you are looking for all the local crowd not here.  Very good authentic Jamaican dishes. We will be back!!!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,10/1/2014,183,107,4,9,6>N & C is my go to takeout option when craving Indian and they offer an affordable weekday buffet for $6.99. We arrived at 1:15 pm for lunch and were one of five occupied tables. We chose from a dozen items including beef queema, egg curry, chicken qorma, chicken tikka (leg and thigh), kadi pakoda, mixed vegetable, chicken jalfurazi, cabbage curry, etc. Faves = kadi pakoda, beef queema. The chicken tikka was a bit dry. Given the fairly empty restaurant, the buffet was kept fairly well-stocked with just a short wait for fresh naan. I was bummed to not see chicken tikka masala, palak paneer or any okra on the line, but perhaps the weekend service offers more options. For now, I give the buffet 3 stars and takeout 4 stars since the food is cooked to order. Happy to return at a busier time to check out the fare!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2014,9/30/2014,83,162,2,6,5>So, we ventured out this evening to give South Main Kitchen a try, and what a delightful try it was! It was everything I hoped it would be - every dish was perfect! First, the place is starkly rustic and homey and warm and inviting. Not overly decorated, just tasteful and woodsy. I've been eyeballing it for weeks with a certain longing...but I digress.The wine list is great, good selection, but I was far more swayed by the short beer list, which included a coconut porter near and dear to my heart - Cherry Street, right out of our neighboring town of Cumming GA!  It was a must, the wine will have to wait until next time.That settled, we moved on to an array of appetizers: the polenta cakes with Brie and little sprigs of green cauliflower (lovely and delicate but not froofy), and the sweet fries with brown sugar and what was clearly a house-made blue cheese, just super.  My absolute favorite dish (and so good that we ordered TWO BOWLS!!) was the Brussels sprouts - perfectly browned and crispy with bacon, feta & a blood orange sauce bordering on divine!The restaurant doesn't offer desserts yet, though they expect to be able to soon. No matter - we finished the evening with the pork belly sandwich, completely tender and porky and crispy and just altogether lovely.  We never missed dessert!  We will be back. Soon. And we plan to put our mouths on as many of the menu items as we possibly can, one at a time. Slowly, and with relish. In the interest of Yelping, of course
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,9/29/2014,22,47,2,5,3>This is such an amazing (and delicious!) concept of a restaurant. This is the ULTIMATE comfort food.Like many others, I saw them on "Shark Tank" and was immediately intrigued. My mother who was visiting recently, is actually the one who told me this was opening. Funny thing is, it's 2 minutes from my house and I had no idea for some reason!They opened a couple days ago, so my hubby and I went the day after the grand opening in between the lunch and dinner rushes. You walk in and immediately you're hit with the bright, yet fitting, red and yellow color scheme. The floors are so fun. What I appreciate about whoever designed the space is the self-serve beverage station is hidden from plain view, though that may be my inner Robert Irvine talking from all the episodes of "Restaurant Impossible" I've seen. I thought it was so funny when you walked in the bathroom, there was a mirror yet to be hung, but the owners clearly had a sense of humor when they taped a sheet of paper that read "you are beautiful" to the wall in the meantime. Immediately upon approaching the counter you notice most of these workers are pretty young, probably in college. Sometimes that raises a red flag, pertaining to customer service, because of the typical maturity level of that age-group, but the cashier was so kind and knowledgable! I really appreciate they take extra measures to keep all utensils and cooktops that touch the gluten-free bread they offer completely separate from everything to avoid cross-contamination. A restaurant that gets it...even if it's gluten-free bread, if it comes in contact with a gluten-containing product, it's not gluten-free! Also, I'm a big fan of meat, so it's not my cup of tea, but I love that they offer a vegan cheese as an option. You never see that in any mainstream restaurant!The menu is huge with a "build-your-own" option OR you can pick from any of the predesigned sandwiches. I think the neatest thing on the menu is the soup dipper, which costs $1.50 for just enough soup in which to dip your sandwich, because who loves wasting almost a whole bowl of that red gold when you just want a taste on your sammy?
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,9/28/2014,328,633,9,10,11>"Doing what? Delivering pizzas?" -- The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift (2006)Rectangular pizzas - deep dish - oddly satisfying.I do enjoy the fact that I can place my order online, split the pizza in half (the people in my house have very different pizza tastes) and also get a small salad - okay, seriously, it isn't really small - and customize that as well.So easy! Plus, the website said delivery in 60 minutes, but they were here in 40. Who does that? Not their competitors, for sure.  The delivery guy was dressed in Jet's attire and was super polite when he came to my door. I appreciate a friendly delivery guy.I had my pizza in short order - good thing as I was starving - and it lived up to the hype.  Good sauce, right amount of toppings and a great crust.  I'm anxious to play around and try some of their flavored crusts and definitely the 8-corner pizza too.I think I have said goodbye to the competitors - at least for now - and will stick with Jet's.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,9/27/2014,265,275,,5,5>We came here for a wedding rehearsal dinner on a Friday evening. We were given two areas: the outdoor patio area and a private dining room inside. The outdoor patio is very nice, just steps from the bar with bocce ball for entertainment, a pond with ducks, and both high and low tables for everyone to relax. We enjoyed several appetizers outside, all were delicious. On to dinner! For our first course, we were served Caesar salads and they were fresh, delicious, and had just the right amount of delicious dressing. I chose the Tuscan Grilled Pork Chops for my main and boy, was it an overwhelming amount of food! Two large pork chops, mashed potatoes, and veggies. All were very good! Our meal ended with Dolchinos in Milk Chocolate Caramel Cake and Tiramisu. The Milk Chocolate Caramel Cake was my favorite--light and delicious!I tried two different drinks that evening: White Peach Sangria and the Bellini. Hands down, go with the Bellini. It's frozen and very refreshing!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,9/26/2014,8,58,4,6,5>Five stars and worth it on service alone. The bartender (when she told me she was 22 I didn't believe her) was so mature and versed in Italian wine/flavors of pizza etc it was amazing. I was alone and she didn't make me feel like the lonely cat lady we all know I am. Appetizer--zuppa minesta AMAZING. The meatballs were fantasic and full of flavor. Pizza--tartfuo. White pizza with pancetta truffle oil mushrooms and tons of other deliciousness. Didn't need to add anything. I'm used to (and biased towards) thin crust New York style but this hit the spot. Perfect mixture of cheese to bread. Really tasty. Delicious flavor in the crust. Glass of pino-- bartender recommended and all thier wines are Italian WHICH I.LOVE. Italian wines trump all! Will be back and can't wait to try what else they have to offer....although next time I need to go with friends so.we can share!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2014,9/25/2014,149,208,4,7,9>I'm not really a beer person, but I do enjoy coming out to Red Hare to spend some time socializing with friends.  Believe it or not, you can have a good time here without drinking any of the beer.If you happen to like beer, you're in luck.  For $10 you get a pint glass and six tickets to sample their beer.  Note: you don't actually have to buy a pint glass to sample their beer.  You can get one of their white plastic cups and they will still pour you some beer.  You can also use the plastic cup to grab some water as well.  They always have a cooler of water at the end of the bar.  Add some ice to the water cooler, please!!  They also have root beer if that happens to float your boat.  I'm really weird and am not a fan of root beer either.They usually have music playing either inside or outside during the hours of their brewery tours and tastings.  I prefer to stay outside when the weather allows because the music is way too loud inside the building to have a conversation.  The patio outside has a few tables (more tables, please!) as well as a bocce ball court and cornhole.  Drinking people seem to really enjoy cornhole.Their parking lot is on the small side, but there's plenty of parking in the lots of surrounding businesses.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2014,9/24/2014,107,128,3,5,5>Came here for my FIL for Father's Day. My husband's side of the family is full of avid golfers, so it was a perfect place to take my FIL.Since they don't reservations, we arrived around 1pm to a nearly full parking lot. When walking in, our golf bags were checked and we got in line to get membership cards for my FIL and SIL. We were told there was an hour wait to get a bay, so my husband immediately went to the Concierge desk to put our names down. The membership cards took about 20 minutes to get, then we decided to eat at the restaurant until my husband received a text saying our bay was ready. The restaurant was a bit confusing. You seat yourselves, but no sign indicated that. I had to chase down a server and ask about the seating situation. As soon we sat down though, our bay was ready! Two gentlemen carried our checked bags to the pay and explained everything to my FIL. Our server was Melanie and she promptly got us all waters.This time we tried out the food. My husband and I split the Thanksgiving burger. It was MASSIVE. It had cranberry sauce, feta stuffed burger topped with pork wrapped in bacon. Shredded brussel sprouts instead of lettuce and an apricot chutney. UH-MAZ-ING. It was served with truffled fries, too. I ate my half of the burger and way beyond full. My SIL and FIL ordered the injectable donut holes. What an awesome concept! They brought out two "syringes" of raspberry jelly and chocolate sauce. The "syringes" were actually plastic basters. You could inject the perfect amount of raspberry sauce, chocolate sauce or both! It came with 24 donut holes and we couldn't finish them all.  I also ordered an Fire Bomb and it was like Christmas in my mouth. I recommend ordering it if you like whiskey!The golfing itself was fun. The fans were a necessity because it was pretty hot that day. I, of course, lost all the games, but it was really fun nonetheless. I blame it on being left-handed. We played the Top Golf signature game and then the chipping game (which I forgot the name of). My FIL ended up on the leader boards! He was very proud of himself, being in his 60s and competing with the "young folk," as he calls it.I do have one issue though that hasn't been resolved: We wanted to split the tab of the food, but our server, Melanie, charged us for the whole tab. She said she reversed the charge and split the time correctly, then charged us again. So my bank account is currently showing a charge for the whole tab and the split tab, too. She said to call if the charge showed up after three days, but after repeated calls, no one has picked up. I'm not retracting a star in hopes that this issue will sort itself out.
