<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2014,11/24/2014,111,434,2,3,3>The service was definitely wowing. The food was delish. For a small establishment like this, everything was great. The value was awesome too! I'm glad I chose wisely since I've been eyeing this place and wanted to give it a try. And since I was meeting a friend who was in the area, this place was perfect according to our proximity. So the concept here is to build your own entrée with 3 steps: 1) pick the form you want your food to be in (wrap, platter, or salad), 2) then add your protein (chicken shawarama, grilled chicken tenders, gyro, kufta kabob, falafel), and 3) finally add a side of your choice (fries, cucumber & tomato salad, tahini hummus, or foul modammas). I had the marinated pork with the rice/noodle bowl & Greek fries while my friend had the same thing in wrap form with a side of hummus instead. For dessert, they had two variations of the baklava: pistachio and walnut. The pistachio was pretty freaking awesome. Parking was okay. Even if you can't find an immediate space in front of the business you want, drive around and there are more spaces available.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2014,11/23/2014,71,139,,4,3>Remember those addicting onion petals that Applebees used to have that disappeared for some bizarre reason?  I found them.  They are at LongHorn Steakhouse, and they are called Texas Tonions.  These are just as good as the original and come with that oh-so-necessary horseradish dipping sauce!Okay, now to be serious (although I really do love those onion petals).  We went on a Saturday evening and were lucky enough to get one of the 10 self-parking spots on the front/side of the restaurant.  Nothing against valet, I'm just low-maintenance.  We were seated immediately, despite that the place was packed.  Our drinks arrived quickly and our waitress was attentive, although I do admit the food takes awhile to arrive, so don't come here if you're in a hurry.  Come when you want to enjoy the company because it does take awhile for each course.  I appreciate spacing the courses apart, but it's a little long if you're not in the mood for extensive conversation.Some fresh, warm, and tasty bread was delivered to the table before the Tonions arrived (which are plentiful -- hence the name).  I got the watermelon salad with chicken, and I loved it.  The cheese was smooth and flavorful, the kale was pleasantly flavorful (how many times do you hear that?!), the quinoa (although not plentiful) was a nice addition, and the watermelon with balsamic glaze -- just yummy!  The salad came with breaded chicken tenders, but I was so enamored with the salad and watermelon that I ended up bringing all the chicken tenders home.  It was THAT good.The boyfriend got the Flat Iron steak.  I tried a bite, and it was flavorful and perfectly cooked.  All together, we had a great meal and a nice evening.  Just make sure you're of the mindset to spend some time there during your meal.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,11/22/2014,5,124,3,5,5>I've asked them to make me a custom made pie, using Bill's free range chicken eggs, and make a egg custard pie. (Thank you Bill!) It was the best tasting custard pie I've had in many years. Bill knows how to make a good pie.I go and buy eggs from Greenwoods  once very 2 weeks, I've never had eggs so fresh, the yolk is deep orange and the white is plump. His home made bacon is amazing, you can add it to any menu item, but I just go and buy them by the pound. Recently I have tried his new "Malt Vinegar" it's a different kind of vinegar, Bill is using his honey from his own honey bees and ghost peppers for a kick, I just drizzle this malt vinegar as a salad dressing. Still my favorite restaurant in Roswell.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2014,11/21/2014,248,44,4,4,4>Been a customer of IHOP forever lol. This Sunday morning I slept in missing church service and was feigning a spinach omelette and wanting to try their cheesecake infused pancakes. Soooo, I got the SIMPLE and FIT Spinach Mushroom with a side of tropical mixed fruit and then killed the calories with the NewYork Cheesecake Pancakes with Strawberry syrup!!!  Got mine to go. I almost ate both carry out containers after devouring the omelette (so light, fluffy and flavorful topped with salsa) and those pancakes!!! That breakfast was the BUSINESS INDEED!!!Convenient location and friendly staff. Yes, "I'll Be Back"!!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2014,11/20/2014,17,57,2,8,2>This restaurant just opened yesterday. It is only a mile from my house so I just had to try it. We went for lunch. Since it was a new opening, the parking lot was crowded. We had a 10 min wait for a table. I don't usually wait for a table but made an exception in this case. We got to look at the menu ahead of time and decide what we wanted.  The sandwiches were all around $10. Kind of high. We opted for the 1/2 sandwich with either soup or salad.It was a 20 min wait for our food but I think this was just because the place was busy and the staff was new. It was worth the wait because my sandwich (the veggie grill) was delicious. My boyfriend said his beefeater was awesome. He even liked his salad! I had the butternut squash soup with my 1/2 sandwich and it was perfection. The portions are small for the price but what you do get is quality!We had to wait 15 more mins to get our bill. Hopefully these waits are just because the location is new and the restaurant was bustling.The host was very friendly and gave us each $2 off coupons when we checked out. Funny because we were saying the place would be perfect if the prices were just $2 less.We will be trying breakfast very soon!I think the place will only get better in time.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2014,11/19/2014,24,205,3,7,3>I've had Moxie Burger on my list of places to try based on the glowing reviews in Yelp. The East Cobb location, though, was a little out of the way for me.  I was glad to find out about the new location in Roswell and gave it a try the other day. Moxie is one of the best fast casual restaurants around. The Roswell location is perfect, with a large patio in the back where you can relax and enjoy the view. The servers were exceptionally friendly and really made you feel welcome. I had the blue ribbon burger, which had blue cheese, caramelized onions and mushrooms. The patty was exceptionally thick and high quality. I ordered it medium well.  Sometimes medium well means dried out, but while the meat was fully cooked through, it managed to be still juicy. The blue cheese was just the right amount and was not overpowering. I had cole slaw as a side, and it was not too creamy and sweet, and also was a fairly large serving for just $2. They have a really decent selection of some craft beers on tap, and Miller Lite drafts for just $2. When I came the clientele were mainly families with small children. It looks like a real family friendly place. The parking is excellent. There's a large lot on the back side of the restaurant, off Mill Street. Moxie is a great value for the money and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good burger. I'd like. To come back and try some of the othe burger selections.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2014,11/18/2014,89,136,,4,4>THIS is the reason why I've been slacking on my reviews this year. I was planning a wedding, geesh! I am SO glad that I found this place. I fell in love with this place on my first tour. Looking for a venue with LOTS of space for your wedding or special event? This is the place. Looking for a venue where you can do your own thing? This is the place. Looking for a venue with very few restrictions AND you can have outside catering? THIS IS THE PLACE. Seriously. The price is unbeatable for the amount of space that you can use for this venue. I'm a quantity AND quality type of girl. In my search for a wedding venue, this was my 3rd and final stop. I honestly didn't want to do too much searching. This place is great for people who want to get their creative juices flowing. You have a natural landscape as your canvas, use it however you'd like! Even if you're not that creative, the natural setting is perfect.I met with Sarah. She's pretty cool and very laid back. She was very helpful and extremely accommodating when helping me through everything. First time Brides don't know anything. I had a hiccup and she worked with me and I am forever grateful. Bring your walking shoes - this place is pretty big. Great location for a picnic or just going for a nice walk. I got a nice history lesson on my tour. It holds a piece of the reason why Sandy Springs got it's name - the original spring is preserved here.They even have farmers markets and other outdoor festivals and concerts throughout the year. What a bummer when I found out that I could've become a member and I would've received a discount for booking an event here. Oh well, it was well worth it nonetheless.You can get a brick placed on the sidewalk there for a small fee - look for Sean & Karen September 27, 2014 when you visit :)The Entertainment Lawn - larger than you can handle. I was told that most of the wedding ceremonies happen there.  The Heritage Green Lawn - perfect for lawn games and cocktail hour. The Heritage Hall - very modern and the chairs are nice. You can dim the lights for a romantic setting.Overall, I am very pleased with this venue. Our wedding guests raved about the venue and I don't think we could've picked a better place than Heritage Sandy Springs for our wedding venue. Extremely beautiful setting for a natural outdoor wedding. Even if it rains, there's plenty of space inside to have a ceremony. I highly recommend Heritage for any special event.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2014,11/17/2014,204,194,12,10,12>After reading Michelle K.'s review of Wildflour, I had to give this place a try... but what to order?  Arriving at the counter, it was a tough decision: the Jalapeno Lime Sandwich or the Turkey Meatloaf Sandwich?  What tipped the balance in favor of the Turkey Meatloaf Sandwich was that it was only available for a limited time.  I had to try it while I still could.  My wife opted for the Seinfeld with Grilled Chicken.  I chose potato salad as a side, my wife chose tomato basil soup.  Luckily for us, it looked like we had just beat the lunch rush.  As we sat and waited, the line to the counter had grown, nearly reaching the door.  Then, pow!  Like Thor's Hammer leveling mountains, two sandwiches of enormous proportions were dropped at our table.  That's a big sammich!  At that moment, I wished I had a snake's jaws (or at least a porn star's) to take on such girth.  At least that explains why these sandwiches cost $12 each.  Jockeying the sandwich around in-hand, I was able to find a suitable angle of attack where I wasn't pressing ingredients into my nose or toppling them over back to the plate below.  I wasn't going to be emasculated by wielding a knife and fork at a sandwich shoppe.  Caveman eat with hands!The Turkey Meatloaf Sandwich was really good.  The sage flavor really came through and they were able to keep the meatloaf from drying out.  Savory filling goodness.  The potato salad was pretty good too, served slightly cooler than room temperature, and absent the obnoxious raw oniony crunch that befalls so many other potato salads.  I approve.My wife really liked her grilled chicken Seinfeld, though being the feminine specimen that she is, daintily picked it apart with knife and fork.  The tomato basil soup was ridiculously creamy.  I mean, there may have actually been tomato and basil blended into that bowl of cream.  Very rich.  Tasty, but I wouldn't be able to down all of it.The food was delish, but the portion sizes are liable to leave a working person on their lunch break in a carb induced food coma for the rest of the afternoon.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,11/16/2014,63,215,1,5,2>The Reel Peach martini was fine. Nothing special enough to have again. But the food made waves. Starting with the Sambal Chicken Spring Rolls (with enough to share) with Soy Chili Ponzu sauce for dipping and borrowing a few of a companion's Flash Fried Calamari with Pickled Jalapenos, Aioli, and Marina Sauce, we cleaned those appetizer plates. (Of the two, the calamari won. Order it. Thank me later.)My entree of Sweet Chili Glazed Swordfish Steak atop a creamy bed of perfect Ginger Risotto, Edamame, and Shiitake mushrooms had me "Mmmmmming" throughout. A side of Truffle Cream Corn just for the heck of it was so worth the splurge. Those kernels of corn never had it so good. Service was attentive, but not overbearing. Executive Chef and Owner David Silverman even visited our table after the meal to check in with us.Quiet enough atmosphere for us all to enjoy each other's conversation. And so close to where I live, I know I will find myself making the turn on Main Street headed in their direction quite often.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,11/15/2014,1865,152,10,19,14>This place is tucked away in a big shopping center and I have to thank one of my fellow Yelp buddies for coming here. When I realized it was so close to me, I put it in my GPS, grabbed my boyfriend and head over here.It's not typical Chinese restaurant cuisine. I loved it, though. I got the duck over rice and my boyfriend got the BBQ pork over rice.Since we hadn't been here before the owners let us have a plate of BBQ pork to taste so we wouldn't waste our time and/or money. This was something I really appreciated because a lot of other places wouldn't have done that.There was a duck hanging from the cook's station and a cooked pig's head you could see from the window! Too cool. LOL. My duck was great over white rice. I added a little duck sauce; only because it was in my bag but it didn't really need the extra flavor.Between the cool location and great hospitality from the owners, on top of the delicious food, I'll definitely be back soon!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,11/14/2014,46,202,1,4,5>Well, Local Republic is as good as you may have heard and as good as the rest of these Yelp-ers testify to ...We happened to be in the area recently and tried out the LR for a lunch. There seemed to be people waiting outside for a table and I was hesitant at first but we were seated right away (so "whatever" they were waiting for ...?)There was only one open small, "really-in-the-way" kind of table inside and one table open outside. Despite the August summer weather, we chose the outside table rather than be shoved on the curb of rushing wait staff. It's not bad sitting outside, it was a relatively comfortable day for August and there is plenty of shade on their nicely appointed patio. Though you will be dodging pesky flies and some other winged vermin. The patio is a bit less crowded and loud than the tiny interior but the potential for the overcrowding is certainly there. The menu is creatively presented on the photocopied paper tacked onto wooden "planks." There is a good wine and beer menu and Coca-Cola is the mexican import in glass bottles (trendy!). (Diet Coke is still in can though.)There is a lot to like on the menu at Local Republic so I can see it being worthwhile to frequent if you are in the area.It's clear this place is a hit with the Lawrenceville locals and it deserves to be. There is parking behind the restaurant and all over the streets of downtown Lawrenceville. Worth a try for sure!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,11/13/2014,44,68,2,5,4>I was originally planning a birthday lunch for my friend at Bleu House Market, but they are under renovations till the end of June. I called Bleu House Market to special order a birthday cake for our luncheon and that's when I was notified about the renovations. But I was told about the Bleu House Cafe and switched the birthday luncheon to there. I spoke to Nicole who handles all the baking orders. I let her know how many people would be there and what kind of cake I wanted. She later emailed me a price list for the order.I just ordered a simple cake that feeds 6 six people and it cost $18.  I thought that was a pretty decent price, because some bakeries can charge you an arm and a leg. She said the cake would be ready for me to "pick -up" on the day of the luncheon and she would even have a table reserved for us! That was pretty nice! We arrived about 11:15 and there was no lunch crowd just yet so it was perfect timing. We ordered at the counter and everything was brought out to our table pretty quickly. They kept the cake in the fridge for us until we were ready to start serving it. I ordered the Bleu House Melt which is off the regular menu. My husband ordered the "Thor's Hammer" which was one of the daily specials. Two of my other friends ordered that sandwich as well. My sandwich was really good! Very filling and I only ordered  half a sandwich with a side of thai potato soup. I had a taste of my husband's sandwich and it was awesome!! How could a sandwich with brisket and bacon not be awesome? Everyone seemed to enjoy their lunch thoroughly.The cake was brought out to us after we finished our lunches.  I ordered a Chocolate cake with strawberry filling and vanilla incing. The cake was so delicious!! Everyone loved it! It almost tasted like a brownie with gooey strawberry sauce sandwiched in between. I ordered a cake big enough to feed 6 people, but it was big enough for 12 people! I'm super excited to get my monies worth out of the cake!This restaurant is definitely a solid place for lunch. They have great food, great friendly service, cozy home atmosphere and they also offer catering. Being able to order a cake at the restaurant we were having lunch at was a nice touch. We will definitely be going back here when were in the mood for delicious sandwiches. I would also recommend getting special orders from their bakery. They make delicious pastries and they are reasonably priced.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,11/12/2014,77,600,1,7,5>I've been coming here regularly for about 6 months now, and I'm still very pleased. Like 5 star pleased. I get gel polish every time and I have had no problems with chipping or uneven color. That's not to say that every visit has been entirely perfect, but what I like is that when there has been anything un-perfect about my nails or pedicure I just have a quick conversation with Yvonne (the owner) and she makes everything right. She has been present in the salon every single time I've been there and always takes a genuine interest. She and her husband (who is also there a lot) seriously care about service and I've seen first-hand how they welcome the opportunity to correct anything and everything that isn't 100%. And really - that's exactly what I need from a business.  Consistency, great service and the willingness to fix anything that isn't up to my standards.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2014,11/11/2014,81,191,4,4,4>We stumbled into this place on our way to a different restaurant. Everything about this place looks like Mellow Mushroom. There are plenty of places to sit, they also have a bit of TV's around to catch your favorite game on.The staff is very friendly and will help make a recommendation based on your liking. I was overall impressed and will probably try it again sometime.I had the 12" Humble pesto with half chicken. It was pretty good. Thin dough, not thick, not hard, jussssst right. All of the flavors came together very well and balanced. If you're a vegetarian, this pizza would be great for you (minus the chicken on the other half).
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2014,11/10/2014,47,521,4,4,5>They have coffee.  They have donuts.  I love both.First off, the donuts are like a "base" donut - which is very good by the way, and of a "cake" variety and then they add toppings.  I think you can also make your own creations. The donuts are round.  And slightly smaller than an average sized donut.  They don't seem to have a donut-hole.  Instead, it's kind of like a belly-button - little bit of an inny and little bit of an outtie.I got the cinnamon bun, strawberry, salty caramel and a 4th one I don't remember.  I was going to bring some home - NADA.  I ate them all there.  All very good, and a bit sticky.The coffee was good.The seating area kind of reminds me a classroom with tables.  And not because of the 1 wall that is a complete chalkboard.  Maybe there is some DaVinci theme I missed.I recommend to come by for the donuts - they are very tasty.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,11/9/2014,286,463,3,4,5>Love this place for dim sum!  Believe it or not, as of today, I've only tried dim sum, twice in my life.  That is definitely going to change soon.Thanks to Edward L., I got a chance to have dim sum here with his family earlier today. It was as delicious as I expected. I've only been to one other restaurant in the city (Oriental Pearl) so don't have too many other places to compare it to but this afternoon's experience was great.  The food was served well. The carts had plenty of options and everything tasted well.  The first thing you notice when you pull up to the restaurant is it looks like a banquet hall.  When you walk in, all the seats are covered and you can't help but notice the chandeliers and white table cloth covered tables.  It almost feels like you're at a Chinese wedding and someone's drunk uncle might break out into Karaoke on stage. HA!Food is solid. Prices are decent and you'll walk away stuffed and craving more, next time!  I look forward to introducing my friends to have their very first dim sum experience here soon...
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2014,11/8/2014,47,250,5,5,5>Fantastic, fresh food in one of the cutest setting imaginable. We went for Brunch and this review is for that. We will however be back for dinner as soon as we can be!Atmosphere: This restaurant manages to be cozy yet huge all at the same time. It reminded me a lot of restaurants in wineries and small towns in Napa CA and Woodinville WA. Super adorable.Service: The service was fantastic, friendly, genuine and just enough attention to make you feel like you were well taken care of, but not so over the top you felt uncomfortable.Food: Delicious! After ordering our meal they brought out a few complimentary treats consisting of a delicious bread basket of mini muffins and biscuits as well as some amazing beignets with molasses pecan caramel sauce. Then came out our brunch orders, I got the quiche with salad and my husband got the eggs benedict with grits. First off, the quiche was fresh and well made. It could have been a bit more flavorful but still, it was quite good. The salad however was by far one of the best salads I have ever eaten, and given that I eat salad almost daily, that's saying something. The greens were so fresh, the dressing perfectly seasoned and the salad expertly dressed. I almost asked for more!The eggs benedict were one of the best I've ever tasted. Seriously, it's hard to make this dish, I know, I've tried, A LOT. These guys nail it! Finally the grits were the best grits I have ever had, ever. (If you've had better message me cuz I gotta try them). Creamy but not runny and very flavorful.Coffee: Average coffee, nothing you're gonna get excited about but it's enjoyable enough and does what coffee is supposed to do.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2014,11/7/2014,187,323,4,7,7>Sprouts has finally opened their doors in Norcross today and while I loves me some Trader Joes they are going to take a hit. Everyone and their mothers even the kids showed for today's Grand Opening and wanted to get in on the super deals. Having not been in one of these stores I was super curious and was looking forward to finding out what was inside ?Tons of regular and organic produce, all kinds of vitamins, protein drinks, natural shampoos and lotions and a chip isle that will knock your socks off. I will be a regular here where else can you get raspberry's, cherry tomatoes and even Hot House cucumbers for a dollar ? The meat case was a nice surprise I ended up with a beautiful Ribeye and some Andouille sausage for a pot of gumbo I didn't know I was making until I saw it. If you are not in the mood to cook you are in luck tons of prepared sandwiches and meals are to be had & even a few gluten free too. Looking for sweets they got it in all forms, dairy I lost track of how many different brands are carried.Being that it is a new store it is not without it's problems such as terribly long lines, the deli is a chaotic mess and it irritates me to no end that the employees are shopping not only in their uniform but during peak hours. A star was taken away for these reasons. Now with that out of the way If you haven't shopped here I would suggest stopping by and check it out for yourself. See ya in line.WHY CAN'T I CHECK IN HERE?
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,11/6/2014,42,56,3,8,7>I'm picky about swanky bars.  I waited 3 visits to write this...I love wine.  And if you love wine like me, you want to talk to someone that knows just enough to make you ponder, "the grapes get their flavor from an adjacent pasture known for organic crop rotation in a region notorious for acidic soil and challenging climate?" Ok.  Got it.  You win and my wine is good and that makes you good in my book.Really, I'm just in love with liquor.  All kinds.  Classic mixology intrigues me the way perfect pancakes do.  You see, pancakes, to be perfect, only require a few basic ingredients (and no, I'm not a "just add water" type of guy.). But they are soooo easy to screw up.  It's the same with a good cocktail.  The secret ingredient in both is care and attention.  Stem gives you that.  The three different bartenders I've tested with the classic Vieux Carre have each nailed it with such consistency I could have sworn it was really just all one night in sequence.  But it wasn't - it was three separate times.  I now love you for cocktails.The food menu is limited but appropriate for such a place.  It is narrowed only to amuse bouche-like delicacies such as oysters and charcuterie.  All good.The atmosphere is casual and not pretentious, but feel free to have a dressed up night here, because they will treat you like you are so you might as well.  An old school throw back to days when good bars were great - and it's next to Seed. Need I say more?
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,11/5/2014,249,21,4,6,7>The Brisket...awesome!The Brunswick stew...awesome!The Cole slaw...awesome!The bbq sauce...awesome!We ordered our items for carry out.The brisket was cooked to perfection. Succulent, tender, with a beautiful smoke ring. Not fatty at all & so flavorful. A MUST try. Delicious with or without their homemade bbq sauce.The Brunswick stew was yummy. Not soupy at all...like some other bbq joints, which I will not mention. Hence, the word stew ;-) A container of goodness.The Cole slaw had NO onions in it...can I get a "yeah baby" on that?! Tastes so fresh, with a hint of pineapple. There was virtually no mayonnaise in it, which to me, is a good thing. Nothing worse than mayo ridden cole slaw...ick!The bbq sauce had the "The three bears effect"...not too sweet, not too spicy, juuuust right! I believe the sauce will favor everyone's  palate. Of course if you like it with a kick, like I do, then you can add whatever you like to turn up the heat.There are MANY awards for their bbq excellence hanging on the wall as you walk in.The service was fast & friendly. Clean. Dave Poe was there working hard...in the kitchen & out front helping customers. They know how to treat their patrons. Just order at the counter, they call your number, and you can dine in, or carry out.This was our first visit to this establishment, and it definitely will not be our last. We've driven by the strip mall where DPBBQ is located, for many years, and it was my fellow Yelpers who helped us decide to try it, and we LOVED it!!! They have a busy establishment despite the empty strip mall that surrounds them. Sometimes location isn't everything. It's word of mouth, reputation, and sites like Yelp. :-)Well be seeing you again, Dave Poe :-) ^5
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,11/4/2014,195,325,3,7,6>I always do well in thrift stores.... but if I'm looking for a high-end item, I'll head to a consignment shop.  When my friend said she bought a Badgley Mischka purse for less than $30 -- a nice one! -- I said, 'lead on, MacDuff."  That's how we ended up at Board of Trade. The backroom has fashion: purses (some Chanel and Gucci) -- shoes (I spotted a couple of pairs of Blahniks) and  dresses: also an assortment of designers and styles.  A number of racks have up to 70% markdowns.  I saved over $100 on a brand new pair of Naot shoes.The shop's main area is filled with furniture, glassware, pictures and assorted tchotchkes.  (If you like Asian design, there's plenty.)  I have a small collection of Bargeware, and I'm always on the look-out for more.  I spotted a heavy iron emblem press with a similar design to what I have. I bought it at 40% off, for a very fair price.  It's vintage British, unfortunately not Bargeware, but the press looks great with my other pieces.   I was delighted to discover, via Google, that the press appears in the catalogue of the "Museum of the History of Science" in England. (The same exact one!!)Like most consignment shops, the longer an item sits, the greater the markdown and selection of course, is hit or miss.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2014,11/3/2014,15,187,2,7,5>Only open two months, so unfound still - that won't last long. In the kohl's shopping center , nearer to krogerStarted with 3 diiferent soups. The mushroom  and tofu was super soup. Very flavorful. ( large bowl would have been  enough for 4, so don't over order)We had, Hong Kong crispy duck, lo mein with chicken  ( available also with beef, tofu/veg), and "Asian grilled salmon fillet". All three were perfectly cooked. That doesn't describe it well enough. Just right flavors and cooking.  I am a big duck fan but can't get it done well that often, daughter 1 is picky about noodles and really liked the lo mein.  But best was the salmon with wok'd fresh veggies.Portions large, service very good.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2014,11/2/2014,94,102,3,6,5>This location is solid.My last visit was on a dreary Saturday morning when I needed to meet with someone to work on a group project for my graduate studies. We arrived around 10 am and it was steady but not busy. There was only one person in line ahead of us and plenty of treats in the bakery case to entice us while we waited. I ordered my first pumpkin spice latte of the season! The weather called for it after all. The staff were friendly and made conversation while I ordered and talk about efficient! As soon as I chose a table and set my items down, my drink was done! Warm and tasty with a hint of nutmeg on top, it was definitely a winner.Not more than 15 minutes later the place exploded! Moms and kids, people coming in after their workout, etc. all chose the same time to get their caffeine fix. I was afraid that it would be too much of a commotion to get anything completed. The Starbucks is a bit small and nestled in the corner of the Georgetown shopping center. I shouldn't have doubted! The crew got everyone in and out and on their way in a matter of minutes. I heard lots of pleasantries, thank yous, and saw a few extra tips disappear into their jar. Whether I'm in a hurry or need somewhere to work on a Saturday, I'll definitely look into coming back to this Starbucks again.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2014,11/1/2014,489,857,,8,8>R C's is a hole in the wall. Seriously, it's a size of a hole in the wall. You can probably fit about 10-12 people to dine in there. I suggest you take it to go. R C's opens at 12 PM, which I thought was an odd time for lunch. They are also closed Monday and Tuesday.Anyway, they serve Southern Food, as their name implies. I don't know what the twist is. Maybe the twist is their food tastes awesome? I tried most of their dishes, and they all seemed solid to me. The meat loaf was tender, moist, and flavorful. I would've loved more sauce though. It was a good meatloaf. The Mac and Cheese was very creamy and good. I loved the cheesy flavor and the creaminess. The collard greens are cooked with smoked turkey. These were some of the best collards I've had. I loved the comforting flavor of these. You can also ask for their homemade chow chow to eat it with. The Fried Catfish tasted good. It was nicely fried and had good flavor. Also, they make their own tartar sauce in house. Then again, I think most of their food is made from scratch. They cooked their yams well. It had all its naturally sweet flavor to it. R C's is run by two people basically, the owner and his daughter. They're both incredibly nice. I also liked how polite the daughter seemed. R C's seems like a winner to me. They have great food and great service. Their prices seem reasonable as well.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2014,10/31/2014,160,534,3,4,6>I was in the market for a mountain bike, and tried larger chain stores, with not much luck.  I found the Bicycle Doctor's website, featuring a few really good deals, so I thought i'd head on in.  When I drove to the place and found the small shop, I smiled at the store you could drive right past if you weren't paying attention.  When I got inside, unfortunately the bike I wanted wasn't their, but another equally great bike was, and for roughly the same price.Scott helped me out, really took the time to answer all the questions of a guy who hadn't ridden a bike since trying to get home from elementary school, and not only let me test drive the bike, but kept making minor adjustments so that my seat was properly raised, etc as he watched me ride.I appreciate that greatly, loved not being rushed, and the experience that the Bicycle doctors have seems second to none.Bikes are really all the Bicycle Doctor's do, which is great.  Each wall is covered with accessories from bike pumps, helmets, tool kits to car racks, if it involves a bike, they probably have it, or can get it.  Good people.  Solid shop.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2014,10/30/2014,11,128,4,6,5>After a few more visits, I'm bumping my rating for Village Burger of Johns Creek.4th star - Earned it...Referring to my first review and the lost 4th star, I'm gonna update a few things...1. The drink machine can stay behind the counter for now. The traffic is low enough that it's not that hard to get a refill from the staff.2. There ARE bottled beers available -- standard stuff, nothing craft-y.3. The bun irregularities were just that -- out of place experiences that have since been forgotten.Village Burger of Johns Creek is starting to get more traffic -- YAY, SUBURBANITES FOR EATING "GOOD" FOOD! -- and seems to be finding a groove.  My only lingering concern is if they get REALLY popular and the rental space becomes a liability.In the meantime, I'm going to keep grabbing burgers at Village Burger over Five Guys on the basis of proximity, speed and cost. It's our little suburban alternative to Grindhouse Killer Burgers and Farm Burger -- I'll take that.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2014,10/29/2014,429,176,1,6,8>This place just opened and it's fantastic! I've been eating Little Caesars, Pizza Hut, Papa Johns, and Domino's all my life. And now, for once, I've been introduced to a better pizza! No one felt like cooking at my house tonight, so we remembered we had a coupon and that they give 30% off for employees at hospitals and we ordered a large cheese pizza with mushrooms along with a Jet's Bread. Amazing!!! The pizza was definitely fresh and had great flavor. I have a huge love for pizza-bread/cheese-bread too and Jet's Bread did not disappoint. I recently had a bad experience with Little Caesar pizza and Jet's pizza is WAY better. We only order pizza a couple of times a year, but the next time I order pizza I'll definitely have a preference for Jet's.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,10/28/2014,336,485,4,7,6>Some of my friends and I started coming here to play volleyball since it was more so neutral territory as far as driving distance goes. Honestly, the people here are so much nicer than the people at the other park we go to. We were able to play a few pick up games, and alternated teams accordingly to size. We played for a good two hours, and everyone there was friendly, and enjoyable to be around. They didn't take everything too seriously and made it a fun atmosphere. Whenever we lost the ball, there were plenty of people around the park willing to get the ball for us and throw it back our way. It is a lot smaller than Duncan Creek Park, but there doesn't seem to be a lot of people that come out to this park so it seems relatively okay in size. There are only two sand volleyball courts, they have from what I saw, I think 3 basketball courts, and a huge football field. One of these days, I wander the park and see what else they offer! :)
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,10/27/2014,24,70,7,4,3>Sitar is an Indian restaurant located on Holcomb Bridge Road in the same shopping center as the Kroger and a stone's throw away from the National Chattahoochee Recreation Area.  The interior of the restaurant is actually quite large, consisting of two discrete areas, and it's clean, but it isn't especially decorated in any interesting manner nor is there much ambience to speak of. This is the sort of place you go to eat as opposed to a romantic night out, and there's nothing wrong with that.We were greeted right away and the service staff was friendly and efficient. For an appetizer, we ordered the Paneer Pakora which is essentially fried cheese curds. This was alright, but honestly didn't have much flavor, and I would probably pass on it next time. For the entrée, my girlfriend ordered the Chicken Makhani - boneless tandoori chicken served with a tomato sauce and I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo. When I ordered the Vindaloo (boneless chicken served in a tomato-based hot and sour sauce) the waiter warned me it was the hottest item on the entire menu. TSince I love spicy food, I was not deterred and further asked for it "spicy." (You specify whether you want your dish mild, medium, spicy or extra spicy.) So, I ordered the hotter version of the hottest item available. I'm not one of these jackwagons who will eat the hottest thing conceivable for kicks, but I really do like food with a little bite, but the Vindaloo just about killed me. The dish is very good, with a distinct and unique flavor, but has the sort of burn and spiciness that doesn't go away. About half way through dinner, I was sweating and with tears rolling down my cheek, I had to surrender. The server, seeing my pain, kindly offered some rice pudding free of charge to help alleviate my suffering. I should have just ordered the item as it came.  The Chicken Makhani is fantastic. It has a little bite, but it isn't painful, and the Tandori flavor is wonderful. I will definitely order that the next time I go back. In conclusion, Satir has outstanding food, and even though I'm still suffering as I write this review, can highly recommend it. Even better, if you happen to live in the area, they deliver.Cons: Not much of an atmosphere.Pros: Great food.Verdict: Recommended.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2014,10/26/2014,34,13,4,6,7>One word: delicious. If you're trying to be healthy or stick to a diet, this is not the place for you. My food was smothered in buttery, cheesy goodness and I enjoyed every bite! I ordered the pick two combo. I had the stuffed shrimp (sooo good, even though it was a little too salty) and scallops (much better than I expected them to be). It also came with two side dishes. I chose the veggies and baked potato (I wished they would have dressed it up but they do provide sour cream and butter). We had the seafood nachos for an appetizer. You could seriously eat this for a meal. It had fish, shrimp and scallops covered in a white creamy cheese. Oh dear I just drooled. Superb. If you're reading this you just need to go order this now. What are you waiting for?The party I was with ordered a little of everything. Their menu is pretty huge. There is even some sort of grilled octopus appetizer for the adventurous of heart. They also have a land lovers section with burgers, etc if you're dragging along a friend who isn't excited about seafood. I'll be back.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2014,10/25/2014,109,364,5,5,4>Fantastic track with very interesting holes.This is a private club and I was able to play due to a company tounament. It is located way up in Alpharetta. I drove by a few mansions after the security gate. Its a pretty nice neightborhood.The folks at the club are nice. From the bag boy, to the event director. Everyone was profesional and courteous. The condition of the course is very good. If you hit it into the fairway, you are assured of a very nice second shot. Grass is carpet-like. Super dense and firmish.  Tee box in good condition. Fairway with good drainage. Bunkers are fluffy and DEEEP. They have these British Open pot bunkers that are 6 feet deep. Stay clear of these. Greens are awesome. Tricky, but good shape.Very scenic, lots of water , foliage, sand, bunker, island green, elevation.My only gripe is the distance marker. I don;t think I saw any. But I had my trusty range finder.Overall, very good track.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2014,10/24/2014,51,86,15,29,18>I just love this place.  Just found out that you can BYOA!Got the 2 usual:Minced beef with cilantro soupBraised Fish in Chili OilBoth good as usual.My friend ordered some basil chicken which wasn't too bad either. We also had some pork belly buns served with cilantro. Very well marinated pork. My friend was hooked on the buns.The table next to us ordered too much food and gave us one of their dishes. It was a thinly sliced pork belly in chili sauce served cold. I'm not sure of the name on the menu, but it was very good. The guy who gave us the food was pretty drunk and continued eating from the dish at our table while waiting for his friends in the bathroom. It was that good.My friends and I love spicy food. And I can say that all of our dishes had a lot of kick to it (maybe not the pork buns). Service was pretty good. Our waitress was helpful explaining and recommending dishes we've never had.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,10/23/2014,19,109,4,8,5>I love the Marietta Farmers Market! It is a great local venue where the community can hang out with their families, stop by after a morning yoga class or make a quick stop while you're out running errands. The market offers a wide variety of products from handcrafted jewelry, paintings and pottery to fresh produce, baked goods and doggie treats.  There are regular vendors selling items like hand whipped Shea butter, sweet pickled jalapeños, fresh cut wild flowers, and all natural popsicles. Yes, some of the items are a bit pricey but that's typical for "organic, specialty" farmer's market products like goat cheese and handmade soaps. For the most part, your basic market staples are reasonably priced. Parking can be an issue so be prepared to drive around a bit to secure a spot. There is also a parking deck across from the Strand Theatre where you can park. sorry - don't know if parking is free because I always get a space near Starbucks! There's a small play area/park in the middle of the square where kids can play for a while if you wanna grab a cup of coffee, a pastry and sit near the fountain to relax and enjoy the sun. Dogs are welcome too...on a leash please.speaking of dogs, they also have a dog adoption booth there weekly with some really great looking dogs who need a home ( you just went awwww, didn't you?) The market has certainly grown in the past 7 years I've lived in the area and my guess is that it will continue to grow and get better.  I'm there almost every Saturday enjoying some "me time" while the family sleeps in, but sometimes I get lucky and one of my kiddos wants to tag along (which always means I need to bring more money!!!). My faves: Shea butter by Makeba ( better than anything u can buy at a store), Pickled jalapeños (samples on wheat thin w/ cream cheese are amazing), King of Pops popsicles, fresh wild flowers (in mason jar you can bring back next week for next purchase-so chic!), and produce (walk around to check it all out before you start buying stuff).If you've never been...GO!  And if you haven't been in a long time you should go back.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2014,10/22/2014,12,46,6,5,3>I'm from New York. I went to school just off Arthur Ave in the Bronx where these guys are from (Fordham University). I grew up in Brooklyn, where pizza is a holy and sacred subject.These guys know pizza. Their crust is thin with a great snap and the right bit of airiness t the edge. The sauce is rich with tomato flavor and just a hint of herbs and garlic. The cheese is generous and tasty.  Best of all, you can fold a slice for eating like a real New Yorker. Nothing "artisan" about this place. It's New York pizza, served in a New York pizza parlor by guys from New York, who know their craft.The rest of their menu is just as good. One of the dishes that I use to judge an Italian kitchen is "vongole bianco" - pasta with white clam sauce. This place uses FRESH clams with just the right amount of white wine, olive oil, parsley and garlic. Simply delicious and a true testament to their talent. BTW - they also own the deli next door where they understand the term "hard roll" and offer both Dr. Brown's sodas and Manhattan Special. Now all they need is a dirty-water-dog cart and I'd move in.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2014,10/21/2014,141,223,4,5,5>I was incredibly impressed with this place. I used Expedia to book a trip here about a month in advance, and it rounded out to around 120$ for a room with two Queens. Not only were the beds and pillows comfortable, but the room was spacious and seemed to have been upgraded within the past few months. There was a flatscreen TV, a microwave (not the kind with a turning timer that I've seen in a lot of older hotels, but a newer model), and even a mini fridge. There was also a closet, which I found impressive, rather than a chest of drawers or a wardrobe. So a really spacious bang for your buck. There's also free wifi in your room, and they even provide you with a wifi password. I loved that wasn't an additional cost like it tends to be at a lot of other places. We also went to the indoor pool, which was (unfortunately) freezing, but there was a warm Jacuzzi in the same area that we dipped our feet in. Towels for the pool were kind of thin, however, so I would recommend that you bring your own.The continental breakfast was superior to many I've seen at other hotels, and even had a free waffle maker, breakfast burrito station (eggs and sausage), drink machine that included cranberry cocktail and mango peach, and the ubiquitous cereal station that is at every hotel continental breakfast. Another great thing about the breakfast is that it went on until check out (11 or 12), so even if you're a later waker, you have time to get some breakfast before you check out.Also, there's a free shuttle service until 10pm. You can ask the front desk, or even call the shuttle within a 3 mile radius, and it will come pick you up. While we were pretty excited about this, it seemed a tad disorganized. We were at AWA last weekend, and we called the shuttle on our way to the drop off point, and when we got there, we called the front desk again, only to have them tell us that the shuttle was on the way. Needless to say, 30 minutes later, we called (yet) again and they had to re-send the shuttle. This was after we waited another 30 minutes for it to get there. So the shuttle got there around 45 minutes after our first call. The shuttle driver was adamant that he had even waited 10 minutes, which seemed kind of curious since we were at the drop off point within 10 minutes of our call. I think it was just a matter of a bare miss, and the hotel didn't realize the shuttle was already on its way back. So, a bit disorganized. I think they would benefit if they had a GPS app you could download with a hotel app that  would show you where it was, or if it was in transit to the drop off point. That's what the shuttle service does for my job, so I know it's possible.PROS: Shuttle service until 10pm every day within a 3 mile radius (including the Cobb Galleria area).Indoor pool.Updated appliances (fridge, microwave, coffee maker).Great continental breakfast (with waffle maker and breakfast burrito station).Comfortable beds.Affordable price.Closet (with a door), instead of the usual drawers for clothes.Check in/Check out was a breeze, though our rooms were ready about 10 minutes after check in.Courteous staff.Free parking.Hotel was near the interstate, and near the Cobb Galleria.Free in-room WiFi. They even give you a password to use, so it isn't the kind of WiFi with strings attached.CONS:Slightly disorganized shuttle service, when there's a higher volume of patrons using it. The staff only knows when the shuttle leaves the hotel, and not when it is coming back.Thin pool towels--bring your own!THE VERDICT:I would definitely stay here again if I was close by. We stayed here for Anime Weekend Atlanta, and took the shuttle service a couple of times to get to the Cobb Galleria, which was really handy. It was a great experience, and as you can see, the pros far outweigh the cons.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,10/20/2014,25,109,1,7,6>I come here every week....which says a lot. Its so damn good. I love their sauce that they make...no you don't make it yourself, but am pretty sure you can ask. ( I've seen people who are bold enough to do it themselves) But overall.....its good to a perfection based on your spiciness level. Their broth is amazinnng. It is just right. Service is mediocre...but hey c'mon. Its a Korean restaurant so don't expect much  customer service..if you want their service thats what the bell is for. Overall, they are friendly about it. I would definitely recommend this place to new people looking for a Shabu Shabu place.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,10/19/2014,13,126,4,4,3>Used to live right around the corner from this place when it was still a Wild Wings Cafe and went from time to time. Nothing overly impressive, just another WWC at the end of the day.I was informed a while back they went off on their own and became the current Wing Cafe and have been there 3 times this year.Honestly, they're probably a better establishment now than they were before. For one, the food quality hasn't suffered one bit and is still about the same in terms of pretty good wings and other items that are good for the most part.The biggest improvement from what I can remember is the beer selection offered, which I'm a sucker for. A legit draught selection and quite a good # of bottles on any given day, and the option to do a 4 beer sampler/flight is a very cool option as well and something I've taken advantage of twice.Lastly, the service has been really good, from the one time we sat at the bar to the two times out on the patio so kudos to them for finding some legit servers to work there. Live music is a common place occurrence there as well so I'm sure some will appreciate that.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2014,10/18/2014,44,68,3,6,4>For the past year or so, Sedap has been the go-to place to cure my homesickness. So, when we received the devastating news that it had changed ownership last week, we had to come check it out. Upon arrival, we were elated to see Paul, the original owner, manning the counter. I was hoping maybe it was just a rumor.... Paul confirmed that he indeed has sold the business....bummer!Since we were here, we decided to try out the new Sedap and ordered Char Kay Teow (fried flat rice noodle), curry laksa (noodle in curry-coconut broth), and satay (grilled chicken on skewers, served with peanut sauce) - the "gold standard" of Malaysian cuisine. Here is how the dishes fared: Satay - remains similarly tender and delicious. The dish is pretty much the same, except it has less char on the meat. Char Kay Teow - I like it a lot. I thought the flavor is even more authentic and I tasted lots of "wok hey" - a nice flavor when food is cooked in extreme heat (the same principle as Maillard reaction in modernist cooking). However, I thought the noodle  was too salty. Definitely need to tell them to go easy with salt/soy sauce. On a different note, as my tip said, do remember to ask for sambal belachan when you order this dish. It's a Malaysian condiment/chili paste that pairs best with Char Kay Teow. Curry Laksa - Another solid dish. The first sip of broth, I tasted curry leaf - a must have in any legit curry laksa- and I'm sold. Different cities in Malaysia have difference variation of Laksa and this is very similar to Kuala Lumpur version. Again, the dish is not perfect. It's way too oily (there was a sheen of oil floating on top) and the broth is a tack too sweet.  Overall, we like the dishes. As much as we are going to miss the previous owners, we welcome the new kid on the block.  We will keep coming back for sure.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2014,10/17/2014,87,53,3,3,5>This is a one story Barnes and Noble that is pretty much like every other Barnes and Noble.  They have an ample selection of books and magazines; the magazine section runs the entire length of one wall.  In the middle of the store is a Starbucks café serving tweek-inducing drinks and pastries with free Wi-Fi.  What sets this particular Barnes and Noble apart from the others in town is the location.To my knowledge, this is one of the only Barnes and Nobles near the MARTA train line.  It's about a half mile (about a 10-15 minute walk) from the Perimeter Mall stop.  While there's a very generous parking lot out front, it's good to know you can access the bookstore by train if needed.The location also allows the bibliophile and the shopaholic to happily coexist.  That's because the bookstore is situated in a plaza with stores like Restoration Hardware and The Container Store.  The plaza is adjacent to Perimeter Mall too.  So the book lover can sip coffee and browse titles to their heart's content while the shopper shops till they drop.     Of course there's a flip side to every coin.  The proximity to Perimeter Mall means that this place (and the area in general) is an absolute ZOO during the Christmas shopping season.  You've been warned.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2014,10/16/2014,148,167,3,4,6>This is a cool used bookstore...  I love the name and have been driving past it for two years without even stepping foot inside... well shame on me!! I was in need of a certain book and had gone to another used book store down the road, but they didn't have what I was looking for so that led me to Bookmiser and lo-and-behold they had the novel I wanted.  They only had one copy so I snatched it up and looked around a bit more.  I had to ask if they had any manga, which they did, but it was a rather small selection of them so I ended up just purchasing the one book.  Service was great as the couple behind the counter was really nice and even informed me that if the book I was looking for wasn't there they could check and see if it was at their other location.  So that's awesome to have extra options.  The shopping strip where the store is located is quite small and shares the space with other businesses.  But parking was okay when I went, but just have to be mindful of it when stopping by if all the shops are busy.  Other than that, it's a nice shop... has that used book store smell... I wonder if glade can bottle that smell so I can use it in my apartment I love the smell of books....(that doesn't make me weird at all)...  The prices are reasonable as most used books are 50% off, not sure about the deal on newer books... But I will be returning because I clearly need more books!!!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2014,10/15/2014,42,49,10,16,14>OH LA LA!! DELICIOUSNESS!! I've never been a fan of Chinese Buffets. However, I would definitely come here on any given day. They do have American Dishes for those of us who would like to take a break from Chinese food, but the majority of their food is Asian. The overall flavor is pretty decent, even though some items tend to be a little sweeter.The food is very fresh, and they keep bringing out more food once it's starts to run low. Dinner = $10 Lunch = $7 What more can you ask for???CRAB LEGS & CRAW FISH = LOVEWait, did I just mention Crab Legs & Craw Fish? Oppsie!! I absolutely love how this buffet still provides Crab Legs & Craw Fish despite how cheap it is,  but most buffet do not serve crab legs anymore because it's very expensive.The heart of this buffet lies within their Hibachi Grill. They have a hibachi grill where you chose your vegetables, eggs, meat, noodle or rice and handed to the cook to grill and then pick up once it's juicy and ready to go. What I always get on my dish is rice, lots of eggs, and fake crab meat. I've never had better fried rice than here.The Sushi here are just your average Americanized rolls just like the sushi they have at Roll Me. It's pretty decent for being so cheap, so I can't be complaining.I heard a lot of bad things about this buffet's location, but it works out great for me. Since they are located on the Intersection of Jimmy Carter and Singleton, the traffic can be bad, but I never had trouble coming here on any given day.The buffet is very very very BIG!! The Interior is very clean, and the dining area is pretty big.I always get a modern vibe coming here compared to any other Chinese Buffet. Here are the reasons why you might dislike going here:1 The American food is not that tasty. 2 Some dishes are a bit too sweet/creamy.3 The Customers can be very rude, and pushy.Based on the price, variety and overall quality, I gave this place a four star rating.Overall, I really love this place. I come here a lot, so needless to say I would recommend this to anyone. Also, dinner only cost about $10 a person so don't expect this buffet to carry legendary food.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,10/14/2014,162,319,2,7,6>The very first time I ever went here, it was years ago. I don't remember what I had and don't remember being super impressed with the food anyhow; just that the honey croissants were pretty dang tasty and so was the hot bacon and mustard vinaigrette that they make in-house. But I hadn't been back since then... till recently.You go to a place like Joey D's, you gotta try the steaks, right? Well I wasn't in the mood for a heavy meal, so I spotted a great compromise -- a filet mignon salad. Perfect. It was priced around $15-16, which I thought was very affordable. I saw it came with a low-carb vinaigrette, but I asked for the house dressing instead (aforementioned hot bacon and mustard vinaigrette). I received a HUGE salad with filet chunks on top. Hey, pre-cut? I was happy about that but some people may not be. I am not sure if an entire 6 oz. filet was included with the salad... maybe it was more like 4 oz. but it was enough for me. And I guess I forgot this fact, but the dressing actually came in two parts. One was a small container of scary oily bacon fat with bacon in it, and the other is a small container of what looked to be honey mustard. If I'd known or remembered that, I would have just gotten the honey mustard. I very much enjoyed the salad and would order it again. The steak was juicy, tender and full of flavor without being over the top. And actually, all their steaks are pretty reasonably priced. This is a definite date night place.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2014,10/13/2014,23,74,4,7,4>I went with group of 15 people. My friend, who had their food at the food truck recommended this place. It's located in the same shopping center as Studio Movie Grill. Therefore, on a Friday night, parking was impossible! We circled and circled for about an half hour till we finally parked. There is a valet but they charge $10. Valet was going to cut some slack and charge $5. Still, that's bit too much and I feel that in a parking lot that big, no need to pay. I finally made it to the restaurant. It's at the end of corner, it's pretty small. They got 3 small tables that can seat like 10ppl or so? Good thing my friends got a table already, even though some of us had to stand and eat. There were only 2 ppl working so the food came out really slow. My friends ordered the famous Mac and cheese. We took their last order, it was sold out. I normally do not like Mac and cheese but this one was better. Wasn't super great but good. I ordered philly nachos. It had lettuce, jalapeños, cubed steak pieces, melted cheese, and sour cream. I loved it. It was flavorful and tasty. My friend ordered smoked sausage tacos. I loved it too. Their sausage was delicious. Three small tacos per order. For drinks, they have jar titis, sodas, and coke from Mexico. Supposedly, coke from Mexico taste lot better than coke from here because instead of sugar they use sugarcane. Overall, there were pros and cons. At the end, I had a great time so I'm overlooking all that. Besides, ladies that worked there were friendly and cool. 4 stars it is!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2014,10/12/2014,108,284,4,6,3>I like hibachi but I don't often go to hibachi restaurants unless you include the Hibachi Grill & Buffet lol. I think in general, hibachi restaurants are pricey. I mean, it's good to have the food cook right in front of you and for a "show." I usually would only go if going with a group of people. I haven't heard of Samurai Blue Japanese Girl until my SIL suggested it. I offered to take her out to dinner for her birthday and she chose to go there. She has been several times and loves it. I read the reviews on Yelp and overall, had great reviews so I was excited to go.First of all, the address needs to be change on Yelp cause it's at a new location in the Goodwill/Krogers shopping center and right behind QT and Sonic. From the outside, you would not realize how gorgeous it is inside. It's very nicely decorated. The hostess was really friendly and dressed in a kimino top.The restaurant wasn't packed but there were small groups (it was four of us) of people eating hibachi. We didn't get any sushi and I didn't pay attention to the people who were sitting in the non hibachi area. We all chose something in the entree section. I chose spicy garlic chicken. With the appetizers, I got salad ginger sauce which and onion soup. Both were good but wasn't able to finish them because I was saving my stomach for the entree.The hibachi chef was friendly and did the usual show. With the onion show, I always expect to see a fire but I was impress when he put soy sauce in it, making it look like a volcano erupting. I've never seen it and neither has anyone else. It may be a new thing?I'm impress with the portions because I got so much food and wasn't able to finish. I had to get a to-go box. The fried rice was good by itself. The stir fry veggies were good. I munched on a little until the chicken was cooked. I was surprised to get two shrimps which was the appetizer until my chicken was done.Overall, I had a great experience and would come back again.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2014,10/11/2014,151,91,3,5,4>With two visits to the Crave Pie Studio under my belt (get it?), I feel qualified to lay out the review. Located in the small revitalized old town of Duluth, it is in the perfect spot for visitors wandering around the town or for folks just passing through.Inside, the shop is small but airy and bright, with a wide variety of their "mini" pies displayed in cases.The owner and her employees are more than willing to help you make your selection, and they can name each pie and it's culinary attributes without pause.I have had the privilege of trying a chicken pot pie (OFF THA' CHAIN), Dutch Apple, Chocolate Chess, and a veggie/bacon quiche. Each one of their offerings have been well made and bursting with flavors, so they definitely rack up five stars for the food.It's worth mentioning that they have spectacular coffee that is roasted by a local roaster, so make sure to have a cup of their whole bean brew along with your pie.A quick recap for you fellow Yelpers who have short attention spans causing you to briefly scan a longer review instead of reading it (like me!)- location is perfect-service is spot on-food is spectacularGet here ASAP!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2014,10/10/2014,113,370,4,9,5>If you haven't tried their fig & prosciutto flat bread, you need to STAT. It is pretty amazing, it has sweetness from the fig and saltiness of the prosciutto on a thinly crisp flat bread and the arugula gives it that bite to harmonize everything together in your mouth. And for dinner, I highly recommend the free range chicken, it is the best chicken I've had in forever. It's juicy, perfectly seasoned and I didn't need to eat anything else with it. It didn't need any sauce because it was so tender and juicy and it is all white meat... I can't believe I can put those two in the same sentence... I didn't care for their "trial" salad that comes with it. It has this sharp tang to it and it didn't go well with the chicken. I didn't want to mask my palate with anything so that I can really taste and enjoy this free range chicken. So GOOD.As always, great service.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2014,10/9/2014,80,85,3,5,5>Really like this place.  The ttuks are great! And I mostly come for the shaved ice with fruits and red beans. I think I'm addicted to this thing! I've had 3 of these in less than a week hehe. It has strawberries, melon, kiwi, watermelon, bananas, pieces of ttuk, sweet red bean, corn flakes, ice cream all these goodies on top of shaved ice makes it heavenly good!!! You can definitely share one with one more person.. But if you are with me, you better get your own! I'll fight you for it.It costs less than $8.00 and to me that is priced lower than most places? Maybe I'm wrong, but its worth it.There is so much going on in every bite, from soft to crunchy, from sour to sweet, from creamy to watery. I added a picture of it to show you how good it looks and make you want one right now. Next time you crave something sweet and cold order this fruit bingsu and you wont regret it.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2014,10/8/2014,1424,609,106,130,126>Discovering something new and different is a beautiful gift that life occasionally allows you to experience. In my impromptu search for pho, I got the opportunity to experience a restaurant that will remain on my mind for weeks, months and maybe even years to come. THE SCENEIf I'm being totally honest, I've had a few experiences in Duluth that left me feeling unwelcome and it made me skittish about coming back to the area again.  However, I really wanted to give this place a try even though I was very hesitant. I initially walked in only intending to place a to-go order but thankfully my mind was changed almost instantly.THE EXPERIENCEWarm smiles and enthusiastic greetings are more valuable than many businesses realize. As I entered, my eyes were wandering to-and-fro just checking out the atmosphere when I heard a friendly welcome from one of the staff. So welcoming that when he asked me if I planned to dine in my brain had already prepared to say "no"  while my mouth said "Oh yeah!"  I was quickly seated at a lovely window table and soon after a server brought out a menu. SERVICE here was second to none. I was well attended to by not one, but two servers. They anticipated my every wish as though they were reading my mind. They stood off in the distance, but always had me in view. So when I looked around the table for soy sauce for example, it wasn't more than a few seconds before they appeared at my table asking "were you looking for this?" Seriously blew my mind.Cindy was not my actual server, but seemed to take over. She made it her duty to make sure I knew what I was ordering and how best to eat it. I am not very familiar with pho, the ingredients that come with it, or the different sauces displayed on the table. Cindy, in the most nonjudgmental and kind-hearted of ways, made perfectly sure I had no doubts or concerns about my meal.THE FOOD* Shaking Beef (lunch combo) $8.96 | 4.5 StarsSimilar to Mongolian Beef but milder. Delicious, especially when dipped in a salt, pepper and lime juice solution provided in your bento box. (Cindy showed me, because I had no idea what the ingredients were for). * Crispy Lotus (30% off) $4.90 | 5+ StarsThis was my first time ever trying this and I LOVE it! So good, and the accompanying onions/peppers made it even better. A definite must try!* Pho Special (several meats including tripe) $7.46 | 5 StarsI'm not an expert, but earlier today I ordered pho at a nearby restaurant for the first time. Although I really liked theirs, I absolutely loved the pho here. The broth was super flavorful. * The veggies that come with the meal were awesome. Kinda looks like a cole slaw without mayo. Lightly sweetened and delicious. | 5 Stars* Complimentary crispy pork egg roll was really delicious | 4 Stars* Complimentary Tofu Egg Soup was great | 4 Stars* The fried rice was average | 3 StarsNOTESA wonderful yelp friend told me her favorite Vietnamese dishes is Shaking Beef. I came here to try the pho but I decided against it when I saw this dish on the lunch menu.  My server sensed my food dilemma and without asking brought out a bowl of the pho broth for me to try. It was delicious, so I ordered a small bowl to go. She placed the broth in a separate container from the other raw ingredients for me to reheat later (just as they would have in the restaurant). The to-go containers were packed with such care even my children were impressed when we unpacked it at home later that evening.FINAL THOUGHTSI love this place! The decor was perfect. Plenty of natural light flooding in from the large windows and soft instrumental music blanketing the air only served enhanced the experience. It is my first venture into Vietnamese food, but I honestly can't see how anyone wouldn't love it here. I enjoyed every part of my meal and the service was so good I actually left with a crush on my server (don't tell my wife). Cindy took such good care of me I left her a 50% tip.  I will definitely be adding this place to my regular rotation of restaurants.Thank you Lotus Vietnamese Cuisine. Best food/service experience I've had this year to date. Everything about my visit was more than I could have expected.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,10/7/2014,44,39,3,9,7>If you haven't been here since the remodel then definitely make a trip!The remodel definitely puts it back at the top with other nice end movie theaters. The theaters have RECLINING CHAIRS! and not ones just just pull and it pops out but machined? (had no idea how to phrase that) so you can adjust your legs to your liking! The seats are so comfortable but bigger seats means less seating in the rooms. Drinks and slushies are refillable yourself and I believe the popcorn is free refills as well. There is also a bar area in the front lobby as well.The service was very friendly and nice and the place is kept well.I thought because of the remodel the prices would go up but its the same price I pay before so kudos to that! I normally go for the matinee times which are only $7.Great time and will definitely come back.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2014,10/6/2014,35,193,,6,4>I don't understand any bad reviews for this place. I had a fantastic experience here!!  I accidentally dropped my phone and cracked the screen so badly it was inoperational. I was desperate and drove to Verizon. They recommended this business and I drove over there 15 minutes before close. The owner was super friendly and understood my anxiety over my phone. He agreed to fix it while I waited. It literally took ten minutes and it was perfect!! I thought the price was reasonable too based on other stores I had considered. I will definitely come here if anything ever happens again to my phone. Terrific service and so fast and especially understanding of the urgency of needing it fixed. Thank you so much!!!  If you have any problems with your phone I urge you to check out this business.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2014,10/5/2014,77,47,4,6,5>Ok... I'm not going to lie. The outside and inside of the restaurant are a bit dated.But, as for the food? Outstanding!My wife and I shared the pad thai chicken with glass noodles, num tok (Thai beef salad), tom kha kai (coconut chicken soup). It was not spicy but very DELICIOUS!!!! We also had the Thai tea which I could drink all day long!!!The only slight disappointment of our dinner was that my wife wanted to get the mango sticky rice for dessert. But alas they where out of the mangos. We will be back for that mango sticky rice!!!!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,10/4/2014,36,136,2,5,3>This was our 2nd visit and I really like this place.  It's not upscale by any means but the staff is attentive and they have a great variety of food.  You can choose between many Cuban or Mexican dishes and portion size was fairly large (enough to split).This night I had the Caribe Dip for my entree, technically from the appetizer menu, and it was lovely.  It was more than enough for a meal and I highly recommend.  Gooey cheese dip containing chicken, shrimp and steak comes to you with flour tortillas and some of the best pico de gallo I've ever had, impressive. Salsa is quite obviously fresh and not super hot, I ate so much! I'm picky about my salsa, usually at a restaurant they either try and pass off store-bought as fresh or make it so darn hot it's inedible.  This was perfect!The only minor issues with restaurant- when we arrived there was no host/hostess and no greeting.  We just kind of stood around for a few minutes and then just sat ourselves.  There doesn't seem to be assigned tables for the servers so we answered questions in duplicate and triplicate because different servers kept trying to help us.  There are worse problems to have though, and they are all very friendly,
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2014,10/3/2014,107,56,,12,6>Mango Six is an extremely popular cafe straight from Korea. They're known for their all fruit/natural drinks and it's a must if you're a health freak or just like trendy new cafes to try.There's definitely always a long line but they're a well oiled engine. You can see all their workers working in unison and see buckets of mangoes that had just recently been cut out going back to the kitchen. Believe the hype - it tastes fresh.It is NOT cheap however. For one of their signature drinks in the smallest size it's already about $6 in what they consider a "tall" It's definitely a TREAT.I like to get my drink with Mango and Coconut Milk. It has a nutty flavor to it like pistachio so it is creamy but I prefer it over getting a frappuccino that seems fattier.You can also get boba, aloe jelly, or another add-on that's part of the drink but I prefer the drink as is.There's wifi and a lot of space as well! I recommend you giving it a try if you're in town.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2014,10/2/2014,7,40,3,6,2>This is a very tough review!  I took my two kids here and sat in the dining room. Like another review stated the ambience is kind of strange for milton GA but would fit Kingsport Jamaica.  The menu is very simple with the basics of chicken goat and pork. All with the standard Jamaican sides. We ordered the jerk chicken, spicy rice, cabbage and plantains (picture posted)!  It was FANTASTIC!!!!!  Very spicy. The other dishes around the table were very good.I was torn between a 3 to a 5 rating on this one.  Food came close to a 5 in my book for what it is. I highly suggest trying this place......for the food. If you are looking for all the local crowd not here.  Very good authentic Jamaican dishes. We will be back!!!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,10/1/2014,183,107,4,9,6>N & C is my go to takeout option when craving Indian and they offer an affordable weekday buffet for $6.99. We arrived at 1:15 pm for lunch and were one of five occupied tables. We chose from a dozen items including beef queema, egg curry, chicken qorma, chicken tikka (leg and thigh), kadi pakoda, mixed vegetable, chicken jalfurazi, cabbage curry, etc. Faves = kadi pakoda, beef queema. The chicken tikka was a bit dry. Given the fairly empty restaurant, the buffet was kept fairly well-stocked with just a short wait for fresh naan. I was bummed to not see chicken tikka masala, palak paneer or any okra on the line, but perhaps the weekend service offers more options. For now, I give the buffet 3 stars and takeout 4 stars since the food is cooked to order. Happy to return at a busier time to check out the fare!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2014,9/30/2014,83,162,2,6,5>So, we ventured out this evening to give South Main Kitchen a try, and what a delightful try it was! It was everything I hoped it would be - every dish was perfect! First, the place is starkly rustic and homey and warm and inviting. Not overly decorated, just tasteful and woodsy. I've been eyeballing it for weeks with a certain longing...but I digress.The wine list is great, good selection, but I was far more swayed by the short beer list, which included a coconut porter near and dear to my heart - Cherry Street, right out of our neighboring town of Cumming GA!  It was a must, the wine will have to wait until next time.That settled, we moved on to an array of appetizers: the polenta cakes with Brie and little sprigs of green cauliflower (lovely and delicate but not froofy), and the sweet fries with brown sugar and what was clearly a house-made blue cheese, just super.  My absolute favorite dish (and so good that we ordered TWO BOWLS!!) was the Brussels sprouts - perfectly browned and crispy with bacon, feta & a blood orange sauce bordering on divine!The restaurant doesn't offer desserts yet, though they expect to be able to soon. No matter - we finished the evening with the pork belly sandwich, completely tender and porky and crispy and just altogether lovely.  We never missed dessert!  We will be back. Soon. And we plan to put our mouths on as many of the menu items as we possibly can, one at a time. Slowly, and with relish. In the interest of Yelping, of course
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,9/29/2014,22,47,2,5,3>This is such an amazing (and delicious!) concept of a restaurant. This is the ULTIMATE comfort food.Like many others, I saw them on "Shark Tank" and was immediately intrigued. My mother who was visiting recently, is actually the one who told me this was opening. Funny thing is, it's 2 minutes from my house and I had no idea for some reason!They opened a couple days ago, so my hubby and I went the day after the grand opening in between the lunch and dinner rushes. You walk in and immediately you're hit with the bright, yet fitting, red and yellow color scheme. The floors are so fun. What I appreciate about whoever designed the space is the self-serve beverage station is hidden from plain view, though that may be my inner Robert Irvine talking from all the episodes of "Restaurant Impossible" I've seen. I thought it was so funny when you walked in the bathroom, there was a mirror yet to be hung, but the owners clearly had a sense of humor when they taped a sheet of paper that read "you are beautiful" to the wall in the meantime. Immediately upon approaching the counter you notice most of these workers are pretty young, probably in college. Sometimes that raises a red flag, pertaining to customer service, because of the typical maturity level of that age-group, but the cashier was so kind and knowledgable! I really appreciate they take extra measures to keep all utensils and cooktops that touch the gluten-free bread they offer completely separate from everything to avoid cross-contamination. A restaurant that gets it...even if it's gluten-free bread, if it comes in contact with a gluten-containing product, it's not gluten-free! Also, I'm a big fan of meat, so it's not my cup of tea, but I love that they offer a vegan cheese as an option. You never see that in any mainstream restaurant!The menu is huge with a "build-your-own" option OR you can pick from any of the predesigned sandwiches. I think the neatest thing on the menu is the soup dipper, which costs $1.50 for just enough soup in which to dip your sandwich, because who loves wasting almost a whole bowl of that red gold when you just want a taste on your sammy?
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,9/28/2014,328,633,9,10,11>"Doing what? Delivering pizzas?" -- The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift (2006)Rectangular pizzas - deep dish - oddly satisfying.I do enjoy the fact that I can place my order online, split the pizza in half (the people in my house have very different pizza tastes) and also get a small salad - okay, seriously, it isn't really small - and customize that as well.So easy! Plus, the website said delivery in 60 minutes, but they were here in 40. Who does that? Not their competitors, for sure.  The delivery guy was dressed in Jet's attire and was super polite when he came to my door. I appreciate a friendly delivery guy.I had my pizza in short order - good thing as I was starving - and it lived up to the hype.  Good sauce, right amount of toppings and a great crust.  I'm anxious to play around and try some of their flavored crusts and definitely the 8-corner pizza too.I think I have said goodbye to the competitors - at least for now - and will stick with Jet's.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,9/27/2014,265,275,,5,5>We came here for a wedding rehearsal dinner on a Friday evening. We were given two areas: the outdoor patio area and a private dining room inside. The outdoor patio is very nice, just steps from the bar with bocce ball for entertainment, a pond with ducks, and both high and low tables for everyone to relax. We enjoyed several appetizers outside, all were delicious. On to dinner! For our first course, we were served Caesar salads and they were fresh, delicious, and had just the right amount of delicious dressing. I chose the Tuscan Grilled Pork Chops for my main and boy, was it an overwhelming amount of food! Two large pork chops, mashed potatoes, and veggies. All were very good! Our meal ended with Dolchinos in Milk Chocolate Caramel Cake and Tiramisu. The Milk Chocolate Caramel Cake was my favorite--light and delicious!I tried two different drinks that evening: White Peach Sangria and the Bellini. Hands down, go with the Bellini. It's frozen and very refreshing!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,9/26/2014,8,58,4,6,5>Five stars and worth it on service alone. The bartender (when she told me she was 22 I didn't believe her) was so mature and versed in Italian wine/flavors of pizza etc it was amazing. I was alone and she didn't make me feel like the lonely cat lady we all know I am. Appetizer--zuppa minesta AMAZING. The meatballs were fantasic and full of flavor. Pizza--tartfuo. White pizza with pancetta truffle oil mushrooms and tons of other deliciousness. Didn't need to add anything. I'm used to (and biased towards) thin crust New York style but this hit the spot. Perfect mixture of cheese to bread. Really tasty. Delicious flavor in the crust. Glass of pino-- bartender recommended and all thier wines are Italian WHICH I.LOVE. Italian wines trump all! Will be back and can't wait to try what else they have to offer....although next time I need to go with friends so.we can share!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2014,9/25/2014,149,208,4,7,9>I'm not really a beer person, but I do enjoy coming out to Red Hare to spend some time socializing with friends.  Believe it or not, you can have a good time here without drinking any of the beer.If you happen to like beer, you're in luck.  For $10 you get a pint glass and six tickets to sample their beer.  Note: you don't actually have to buy a pint glass to sample their beer.  You can get one of their white plastic cups and they will still pour you some beer.  You can also use the plastic cup to grab some water as well.  They always have a cooler of water at the end of the bar.  Add some ice to the water cooler, please!!  They also have root beer if that happens to float your boat.  I'm really weird and am not a fan of root beer either.They usually have music playing either inside or outside during the hours of their brewery tours and tastings.  I prefer to stay outside when the weather allows because the music is way too loud inside the building to have a conversation.  The patio outside has a few tables (more tables, please!) as well as a bocce ball court and cornhole.  Drinking people seem to really enjoy cornhole.Their parking lot is on the small side, but there's plenty of parking in the lots of surrounding businesses.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2014,9/24/2014,107,128,3,5,5>Came here for my FIL for Father's Day. My husband's side of the family is full of avid golfers, so it was a perfect place to take my FIL.Since they don't reservations, we arrived around 1pm to a nearly full parking lot. When walking in, our golf bags were checked and we got in line to get membership cards for my FIL and SIL. We were told there was an hour wait to get a bay, so my husband immediately went to the Concierge desk to put our names down. The membership cards took about 20 minutes to get, then we decided to eat at the restaurant until my husband received a text saying our bay was ready. The restaurant was a bit confusing. You seat yourselves, but no sign indicated that. I had to chase down a server and ask about the seating situation. As soon we sat down though, our bay was ready! Two gentlemen carried our checked bags to the pay and explained everything to my FIL. Our server was Melanie and she promptly got us all waters.This time we tried out the food. My husband and I split the Thanksgiving burger. It was MASSIVE. It had cranberry sauce, feta stuffed burger topped with pork wrapped in bacon. Shredded brussel sprouts instead of lettuce and an apricot chutney. UH-MAZ-ING. It was served with truffled fries, too. I ate my half of the burger and way beyond full. My SIL and FIL ordered the injectable donut holes. What an awesome concept! They brought out two "syringes" of raspberry jelly and chocolate sauce. The "syringes" were actually plastic basters. You could inject the perfect amount of raspberry sauce, chocolate sauce or both! It came with 24 donut holes and we couldn't finish them all.  I also ordered an Fire Bomb and it was like Christmas in my mouth. I recommend ordering it if you like whiskey!The golfing itself was fun. The fans were a necessity because it was pretty hot that day. I, of course, lost all the games, but it was really fun nonetheless. I blame it on being left-handed. We played the Top Golf signature game and then the chipping game (which I forgot the name of). My FIL ended up on the leader boards! He was very proud of himself, being in his 60s and competing with the "young folk," as he calls it.I do have one issue though that hasn't been resolved: We wanted to split the tab of the food, but our server, Melanie, charged us for the whole tab. She said she reversed the charge and split the time correctly, then charged us again. So my bank account is currently showing a charge for the whole tab and the split tab, too. She said to call if the charge showed up after three days, but after repeated calls, no one has picked up. I'm not retracting a star in hopes that this issue will sort itself out.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,9/23/2014,467,559,9,7,7>when-you-wake-up-in-the-morning-pooh-said-piglet-at-last-whats-the-first-thing-you-say-to-yourselfwhats-for-breakfast-said-pooh-what-do-you-say-pigleti-say-i-wonder-whats-going-to-happen-exciting-today-said-pigletpooh-nodded-thoughtfully-its-the-same-thing-he-said-aa-milnei-will-admit-that-i-often-start-my-day-with-the-same-question-i-have-started-driving-highway-9-from-alpharetta-to-my-office-in-atlanta-and-this-gives-me-many-opportunities-to-answer-this-most-important-question-artisan-foods-bakery-cafe-is-always-a-strong-consideration-this-shop-offers-consistently-good-food-and-service-in-a-pleasant-casual-atmosphere-their-beignets-are-terrific-french-toast-is-fantastic-and-every-plate-seems-to-be-a-touch-above-ordinary-i-wonder-whats-going-to-happen-exciting-today
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2014,9/22/2014,1074,989,5,8,6>Nice coffee shop atmosphere and the furniture is top notch. I love all the wood tables and chairs. The decor is simple and classy, not heavy in useless things. TARO MILK TEAThe flavors are nice. My friend thought it was too sweet but I found it very good, similar to Quickly. I still like Quickly more because of their efficiency and price though. STRAWBERRY SMOOTHIE WITH BOBAthe strawberry smoothie is delicious. Really creamy and smooth, rich in flavor.BOBA However, the boba was so hard, they were like marbles. No good.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2014,9/21/2014,660,107,5,5,4>Soooo...a friend wanted to have a late lunch here. I have never sat to eat at a Honey Baked Ham, but only ordered a ham for the holidays. Who thinks to come to Honey Baked Ham to eat? I guess some people do and I was behind the curve. The food was good! They have a check in offer on Yelp for a free drink, chips or cookie. It is expired, but they still honor it. We both had turkey sandwiches, mine which had bacon and they were amazing! Fresh, made to order and I could taste everything in it. It was so flavorful. Sooo....I will be going back. Maybe a to go order. Your going to pay roughly $8 for a sandwich with a side and drink. Oh, btw, the Black Sweet Tea is really, really good.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,9/20/2014,133,414,3,2,2>OUAC recently moved down the street into the Kroger shopping center at Mansell and 92 (Crossville). Their new space is AWESOME. I love that I can shop while pushing my baby in the stroller - something that was impossible at their old store. They really have everything you need here - baby gear, toys, books and a LOT of clothes. Everything I have seen has been in really great condition which makes me believe that the employees really know what they are doing and they weed out the junk. You'll find designer clothes at a fraction of the cost. I most recently shopped here during their Memorial Day sale and got like new sleep sacks for less than $3 each, they retail for $22 new. I love their book selection and prices are $1.50 - $2.50. Can't beat that! I don't even waste my time at consignment sales anymore because the OUAC prices are the same and the condition of the items are better. We traded in a used stroller and they gave us a fair price for it. It beat trying to sell it at a garage sale or through Craig's List. I will definitely be bringing more stuff here for cash as baby outgrows it.  Note: They do not take car seats. Needless to say I'm a fan. Love that they have a frequent shopper card too. More incentive to shop/trade stuff in here.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2014,9/19/2014,16,71,3,9,5>For openers, if you believe  the only good barbecue is found in the worst part of town, in a place with bars on the windows and just enough grease on the table to write your initials, then this isn't it.And if you believe that the surest way for a homegrown barbecue joint to throw itself under the train is to open a second (much less a third) location - then this isn't it either.What this is, is 'Cue's third location...  and while  previously  a frequent customer to the original too far out Highway 9 in Roswell,  we've  got to say #3 in the series has replicated not only the look and service, but also the quality of the original."Cue had its origin when the owners partnered with a high profile Roswell restauarant guy to take over the closed doors Georgia Pig and transform it into a popular Roswell Yuppie hangout renamed The Swallow in the Hollow.   Fast forward, the young couple from Iowa moved out and north and  started 'Cue and as they say in south Georgia, "They done good."They cook low and slow and serve up world class sliced (a rarity) pork, and excellent chopped pork and chopped brisket.  The ribs are babybacks and (red light flashes here) the meat falls off the bone.   Usually when the meat falls off the bone that means it was parboiled or baked before being slathered and put on the grill (see Fat Matt's as a for an example).Moist, with just enogh bark (outside char) and fat to give it full flavor, both brisket and pork are truly exceptional.  The chicken ( cooked over pecan wood?) is lightly tanned and just plain good. For a guy who has spent a lifetime in pursuit of the perfect barbecue (read 60+ reviews of barbedcue joints across the country), this may not be it, but it's close.The sides should share center stage: hand cut, deep fried French fries are as good as oyu'll find anywhere in Atlanta. They offer two slaws; try their Pittsburgh slaw, a yellow vinegar outing that's not too tart, and truly unique. The beans (with bacon) are good, ditto the mac and cheese, and collardss.   In fact, of all the sidfes (you get your choice of two with all platters (roughly $11.95), the Brunswick stew usis the only one that disappoints.  An almost katsup like taste and a few slivers of what appeared to be chicken in too much liquid.Four sauces are opn the table: a unique house, a s[picy spinoff of the house, a mustard and a Carolina.   All homemade. Each appealing to someone I'm sure. For our table, the house proved the favorite...  not too thin and good enough you wanted to soak the Texas toast and eat  it as a side dish.,The staff at the Peachtree Industrial location, like that far north on Highway 9, is there in good number, meaning prompt service and eager to please. Whoever does 'Cue's hiring does a good job.A little thing, but for the Brown Shoe Gourmet, having my food served on plates -not on trays, not in styrofoam containers, is a big thing.   And the "Cue folks put the sides in separate dishes in generous portion. Stuff doesn't run together. Don't you hate it when that happens?Why not five stars?  Because ribs were meant to be eaten off the bone, not fall off when you lift them, and Brunswick stew is supposed tto have substance, more meat, less liquid.; it's not supposed to be a soup. 'Cue does a lot of things right and proven that you can expand  and sell more barbecue to more folks without losing quality..
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,9/18/2014,103,298,3,9,6>The Taiwanese film, Eat Drink Man Woman is one of my favorites. I like that I was able to get bitter melon soup and mountain tea [shown in the movie] from this restaurant.In addition to the aforementioned menu items, I ordered smoked duck, dumplings and leek pie.When I visited, this was my first time eating bitter melon soup. It was served along with pork ribs in the broth.  At first, eating the melon reminded me of eating a green bean, but then a sharp bitterness came through.  It was worth trying and I may get it again.The leek pie was good. It contained leeks, egg and rice noodles.The smoked duck was great; it is one of my favorites!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,9/17/2014,127,69,3,6,6>This is definitely a spot worth checking out. I've always passed this gem on the way to the Assi Plaza down the street and never thought much of it, until a good friend of mine informed me of its fantastic service and dishes.We decided to all grab the spicy ramen dish, which is their specialty. It came out quick and hot and with garnishes that made it look too good to eat... and they were right, it melted in your mouth the way it should have and left just enough texture to know that then noodles were not undercooked nor overcooked. The meat that was layered on top seemed to morph well into the broth, and it was something I've come to find only in authentic Japanese restaurants. Such a simple dish that went well above and beyond the Atlanta norm.Of course, I finished my entree first and didn't stop there. The shrimp dumplings were to die for and suited perfectly with the soup. I even grabbed the Japaense hot dog just out of curiosity (which is free when you check in via Yelp). It was filled with wasabi and a special BBQ sauce that was topped with dry fish flakes (if I'm not mistaken). Not as great as I thought it could be, but I definitely wouldn't chastise those that would order. It was tasty, though the rest of the menu deserve more attention.I'll be back again, Mizumi! Well done!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,9/16/2014,45,354,3,6,5>Ollie's is unexpectedly an interesting find for a lot of different things. I'd equate it to being better than Big Lots and more on the lower-end than TJ Maxx. It's kind of right in between while still carrying some brand-name productsI don't know of any other locations, but this store is located in the same shopping center as the Studio Movie Grill in Duluth. Parking isn't so bad but I could definitely sense that there is some moviegoer overflow that might get into Ollie's and Anna's Linens' lots. I went to Ollie's looking for an area rug for my dining room since I was told that they he a pretty good selection. I ended up not getting a rug there because I thought the quality of rugs was still kind of rough, but the prices were definitely affordable! They have different rugs in many sizes. I looked at a 5'X7' rug and it was about $50-70 dollars, if I can remember. They also carry rug pads near the rugs and the prices are competitive at 9.99 for a 5x7 rug pad, but when I touched it, it didn't seem to have enough grip compared to other products I've seen. I'd definitely recommend the rug department for anybody going to college as their rugs are probably cheaper than Walmart or Target. I did end up buying a storage bench here. I'm comparing this to one I found at Target. Target was selling a similar item that's a little longer and bigger for $169.99. The finish and seats were very similar, but Ollie's was selling one for $59.99. Both require assembling, but I felt that Ollie's might fit my space better and it had a better value. Hopefully it'll last for a while, but I think I have better peace of mind knowing that if this storage bench doesn't last, at least I only spent $60 instead of more than twice the amount.Besides the home goods in the back, this store also carries some non-perishable items. I do remember seeing brand-name cereals and brand-name detergent, although I didn't get a good look at the price. I also found some off-the-wall things like Duck Dynasty beach towels and some school supplies (with the GT and UGA emblems on them). There's also a bed/bath section. I did take a look at the memory foam bathmats, but felt like I could get a thicker, better quality elsewhere like Costco. I think the quality of towels and sheets might not be as good as let's say the items at TJ Maxx or Bed Bath and Beyond, but still, you might find something good. I should also mention they also sell yard stuff (ceramic pots/planters at 40% off, potting soil), there's a book section, and also some sporting goods. Just lots of things. This place is a little far from me, but I might go every once in a while to check it out if I'm in the area. I'd recommend getting an "Ollie's Army Card" as you get a point for every dollar you spend. Also, upon joining, you get a 10% off coupon for your next visit. They have a 30-day return policy with receipt.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,9/15/2014,308,222,4,8,7>So, straight up DIVE BAR city!  No pretentious people will ever actually eat inside of this place.  If you can look past the ratty, old carpet and décor...well, it's good eating!  I am a fan of the nice southern service too.  I understand that many people preferred to place a order for pick-up or delivery.  The phone was ringing often.  It's not easy on the eyes so I may order to go next time.  Let's be clear- I will return.The wings are quite yummy.  The medium came out more on a HOT level, so beware.  They were crispy and spicy.  The fry truck never came so I settled for homemade chips.  I'm glad I did because they were on point with some ranch dressing for dipping.The honey BBQ wings were getting ripped apart by the hubby.  The lemon pepper wings were good but extremely citrusy and peppery.  All in all, I loved the food.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,9/14/2014,105,142,2,7,6>Whoa!! Whoa!!! The coffee here is delicious and the Thai Tea Bubble Tea's boba balls *tapioca balls* are the best!! The texture is nice and chewy.. it isn't too sweet either! I love the decor.. it reminds me of a hookah place. Wish it was a hookah/cafe.. hahahaha!! That'd be awesome, wouldn't it?I haven't tried the waffles yet but will try them next time! Whoo hoo for this place!Thumbs up all the way for me!!Thai Bubble Tea ($4.49) - It's so worth it!!I rather have my coffee here than go to a Starbucks! Really! I'm not a "hot coffee drinker" but this place changed my mind.. I will definitely drink some nice hot coffee here any day or night! I will be back for more!
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2014,9/13/2014,120,180,5,8,8>Italian Pie for me says Delicious! I have had several things on the menu and everything has been sooo good. From what I remember, a while back this location had pizza/italian on one side and Mexican food on the other. They have merged together and have become one FABULOUS place to eat! I came alone the first time. After that I bragged with some leftovers taken home to my family about how good everything was. Now they always want to come along with me! (I should have kept it a secret)  My favorites are the pasta dishes (Alfredo :) it comes with a chilled glass of wine if you check in on yelp! I also really like the Italian sub, The Mexican pie with sour cream on the side add jalapenos and its a GO! The sicilian pizza is my families favorite, it's HUGE and we always have extra to take home.If your anywhere near Bethesda rd, and hwy 29 in Lawrenceville give them a try.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,9/12/2014,518,132,6,11,11>ono-meaning-delicious-ronnie-johns-beach-cafe-really-brings-a-beachy-fun-vacationing-feeling-to-your-workday-only-open-m-f-from-11am-to-3pm-small-cozy-place-with-really-good-food-after-reading-my-fellow-yelpers-reviews-i-decided-to-try-this-place-out-and-im-glad-i-did-the-food-was-deliciousthe-south-beach-was-suggested-the-cashier-stated-that-it-was-the-most-popular-item-on-the-menu-the-south-beach-includes-chicken-katsu-with-teriyaki-asian-slaw-mac-salad-and-rice-which-was-very-good-but-a-friend-that-dined-with-me-ordered-the-coral-reef-grilled-tilapia-asian-slaw-mac-salad-and-rice-i-took-a-special-liking-to-it-at-first-taste-i-knew-that-i-was-out-of-pocket-when-asking-for-the-second-taste-and-my-friend-kept-speaking-as-if-i-didnt-ask-lol-we-also-ordered-an-order-of-aloha-rolls-which-were-not-my-favorite-my-friend-liked-them-but-wasnt-very-fond-of-them-its-one-of-those-things-that-sounds-really-good-on-paper-deep-fried-dough-rolled-in-sugar-i-do-believe-if-it-was-powdered-sugar-instead-of-granulated-sugar-it-would-have-been-more-to-my-liking-all-all-the-food-and-the-service-was-great
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,9/11/2014,34,28,2,9,7>for all you ATLiens, i believe Harue Food & Cafe is a reincarnation of the old Harue Bunsik off of BuHi, Doraville manymany years ago. it's weird, but there's something really nostalgic about the flavor of the food here (that might be why). it might also have to do with the old school k-pop they started to play here as well, memory lane freals yo. that aside, this space has gone through its share of businesses, but hopefully Harue is here to stay because i am a fan! it's easy to compare this place to danmooji, which has more of a swanky/hip kind of feel compared to harue's more mom&pop/slow placed atmosphere. that's not to say it's not clean, but if danmooji is going for the modern/hip look harue is taking the more southern, mason jar-y, mismatched dinnerware path when it comes to decor.food wise, i really enjoy their spicy fried chicken.. it's definitely a different sauce from that other chicken place (love letter), as harue's sauce tends to lean more on the sweet side, but for the price ($13.99) and the quantity you get (it can feed 2 comfortable and leave you w/ leftovers), it's SUCH a steal! the chicken is always perfectly breaded/crispy which is a super win in my book - i hate soggy fried chicken, what's the point? i just wish it had a little more kick, which i'm sure i could ask for.their kimbap in general are good (i'm of the belief that it's hard to mess up kimbap). the tuna kimbap is comparable to danmooji's famous version, albeit just a tad bit different - which might just come down to personal preference in the end. the tteokbokki (spicy rice cake) is really really simple and definitely not as spicey as some other places, i taste an underlying red bean flavor in their sauce, which might be what gives it the sweetness, but i could also just be crazy. as i mentioned before, something about the food at harue feels really "comfort food"ish to me and i'm not sure what it is exactly, but it's definitely not a bad thing. not to mention, everything is really affordable (as is expected out of a bunsik restaurant which specialize in snack/street foods). i have to say nothing has really WOW'ed me but neither has anything made me swear it off. overall i think harue is a welcome addition to the bunsik scene in the area.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,9/10/2014,144,135,4,5,5>Remember this is fast food. If you want gourmet Mexican then this is not the place for you. Move along. If you want Mexican fast food that is 300 times better than Taco Bell (literally just up the street) then welcome. First positive. It is BRAND NEW. I can't remember the last new Taco Bell I went to. Next it does taste like most of the things are cooked in house. Again, not filet mignon, but it tastes fresher. Sauces at the tables instead of having to hunt for them near the drink dispenser?  Brilliant!  And convenient. And amazingly the soft corn tortilla tacos (carnitas, fish, chicken and shrimp) are great!  They come in foil with two tortillas and a lime. Better than some sit down places I have been. Last...everyone here is nice. Genuinely nice. I got complemented in my sweater by the person who called my number. Del Taco you were missed. I am happy you are back in my fast food rotation!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,9/9/2014,82,163,,6,3>**Best Sushi / Chinese / Hibachi / Asian in general Buffet in the area**For a while, Lobster House on Haynes Bridge was the only decent asian buffet place near my work area. However, they have gone down in quality and freshness of their food. I stopped going. Tokyo Bay fills that void and overflows into others around me. Clean, friendly, fresh, variety, tasty are just a few words I would use to describe this place. From host to servers, big smiles on everyone's face making you feel welcomed. Price: Affordable and definitely worth it. Lunch - $10.95 Weekdays. Dinner is around $20 but they bring out the sashimi and crab legs!!!Food: Nigiri: big slices of fish on rice. Mackerel, Salmon, White/Red Tuna, Tomago, Shrimp, crab meat, avocado, etc.Sushi Rolls - over a dozen different typesHot Food: from wings to teriyaki to dumplings to agedashi - all tasty, fresh, presented beautifullyHibachi Grill: Mushroom, Bellpeppers, zuchinni, onions - and then your choice of shrimp, steak, chicken. All mixed in garlic and butter with the option of making it spicy.Soup: Hot and Sour, Wonton, and Crab Meat (egg drop soup with imitation crab meat)They also have alcohol - beer on draft.So far, service is great, food is great, and it's always busy during lunch. Never had to wait but a decent # of people eating so they are pumping out food constantly. If you have not tried this place yet and read down this far, just stop now and....GO GO GO GO!
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,9/8/2014,70,59,,4,3>I have been a customer of B & B literally since they opened. The owner Bobby Francis is as personable as one can be in a business where your customers are carrying firearms in and out of the store. Always professional, and fairly knowledgable- they always say let's go take a look and see what we can do, never just a flat out no. Principally they trade in used firearms, as well as militaria, and edged weapons. But as I noted above- they will order anything that is legal for them to sell and you to own. So if you find something interesting in another state, they will facilitate the legal transfer for you. Everything is above board. One of the interesting things that they do is estate liquidations. So they can end up with really interesting "groupings" for sale at one time.  For the really large collections, it appears that the work on consignment, charging a fee for the showroom space, and all of the paperwork required by law.I have referred friends and co workers there, (in one case to liquidate an inherited collection of semi-customized WWII  Axis Mauser rifles). None were real collectors pieces- but they advised my friend well, and set reasonable expectation as to the sales proceeds. And as a side, on my most recent visit, they had a new store dog "Tonka". He is a shy dog, spending his time quietly behind the counter, until he hears his name - a good head scratch and you too will have a friend for the day. Why a four star rating you ask?      A) no gunsmith. Sure they can do rudimentary repairs, and scope mounting- I have the same tools, even for scope mounting; chores that require a real gunsmith you're on your own.     B) very limited "newly manufactured" inventory. Here the are responding to Wal-Wart - which crushed the local independent dealers, and then withdrew from the market.As for the current ammo "shortage" - these guys fairly dole out what inventory they have & and will let you know what other dealers in the area may have more.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,9/7/2014,37,178,4,4,2>Smallish shopping center parking lot gets slammed for the lunch rush, so consider car pooling. Or, like the firemen from down the block, walk. Always a good sign when firemen or cops are waiting in line at a joint.Place does a simple lunch combo -- salad, soup, half-sammich (or 2 salads, a soup, etc.) -- for $10. When you consider that most everything is made on site (including the breads), that is a great deal. And explains why the place gets covered up at noon on weekdays.All the vegan soup/salad options make it popular with that demo -- but be aware that sammich options might be limited to a caprese (Fresh mozzarella, basil and olive oil puree, and Roma tomatoes on a Parmesan cibatta bread) or a pimento cheese. The latter in particular is well-praised, but it would be nice to have, say, a grilled portabello option from time to time too.As for carnivore sammiches, both the NY corned beef on rye and the tuna salad (Chunk light albacore tuna with celery, hard-boiled egg, Roma tomatoes, a touch of mayo, and Muenster cheese on multigrain bread) are very nicely turned out, Grade A sammiches. The corned beef demands toasting while you can go either way with the tuna, the egg and muenster providing a a big, rich backbone that is not all goopy mayo.Summer soups mean gazpacho, right? And here we had not one, but two forms -- red and green. The latter was made from tomatillos, green peppers, and a ton of cukes. Both had some jalapeno for some heat, but not too much. Nice and refreshing and filling, although I might've wanted just a little extra virgin olive oil drizzled on to really kick it off.Oh, yeah. Salads. The Beet & Blue (Mixed greens, dried cranberries, candied walnuts, julienned beets, crumbled blue cheese, and raspberry vinaigrette) was my fave, but the Kale (Raw kale, cabbage, pumpkin seeds, carrots, craisins, and red onion tossed in a lemon yogurt dressing) is different and tremendously filling. Also the Black Rice Salad is sorta a starchy, but not creamy salad option that you won't find too many places.Biggest down side? Unless your job involves hanging off the back of a speeding truck and running into burning buildings, there is a good chance you will go back to work and sleep off your lunch under your desk, George Costanza-style.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,9/6/2014,142,199,3,5,6>I've never been to a Minor league Baseball game before and always wanted to check it out! It was beautiful! It is smaller than a typical baseball stadium, of course, but just as gorgeous. The attendants check your tickets about 100 times to make sure you are in the correct seat but I guess that's for the best. The seats and restrooms are clean and enjoyable to use. My favorite drink was the frozen Bud Light Straw-berita which came is a gigantic plastic tube-like cup for $7.00. YUM! Besides the fact that it's so far away in Buford, GA, I'd love to go back again! It's a great place for large groups and kids. They have plenty of suites available as well for corporate events and other parties. It's very entertaining and you might even see yourself on the Jumbo-tron if you jump and wave high enough! Definitely check it out!
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2014,9/5/2014,111,434,5,7,5>The date and I went here yesterday when he had a hankering for Mediterranean food. This place has barely been in business for two weeks, and it seems like it has been popular thus far. As we entered, the gal behind the register greeted us, and as we left, we received the same warm greeting(s) from the employees behind the register. Service wasn't super quick since we arrived right at the dinner rush. Most of the tables here were filled, and the air was buzzing with delicious smells and laughter. The employees were attentive though even though it took them awhile to come by to take our order. The date's chicken kabob was pretty good, but my island kabob was so much better as it had more flavor. These kabob plates comes with a decently sized salad, rice, and veggies. With the cleaning of his plate, the date was super satisfied. :) Glad I chose wisely on this restaurant. Lol.Overall, a pretty nice place for atmosphere and food. I just adore the subtle blue theme they had going on.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,9/4/2014,71,139,,6,4>I've got to say, I was skeptical at reading all these reviews, but this place really is solid.  I had been going to a dentist at this location for years, but the practice was sold to Dr. Patel, the new dentist, over a year ago.  I was disappointed my normal hygienist had left, but my new hygienists have been pleasant and competent.I had to make an appointment to see the dentist recently because I chipped my tooth (stupid hard teeth!), and they were able to fit me in the next day.  First, I noticed a new addition to the office -- vibrating massage pads in each of the dental chairs, like the kind you see at Brookstone!  For real?!  Awesome!  Dr. Patel and his assistant were professional but friendly, and I really appreciated the conservative approach Dr. Patel took with my chipped tooth.  He was able to just grind the sharp edge down a bit, which was a cheap procedure.  He didn't suggest anything expensive or drastic, which I really appreciated.   It's not in the best plaza around, but I've been impressed with the practice.  At least I can head across the street afterwards and get lunch at the Israeli Bakery!I'll update this review if anything changes.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2014,9/3/2014,204,510,5,7,8>So apparently I am the duchess here which is silly. But that means it is probably time to write a review. I am specifically reviewing the professional team and their stadium. I don't want to subject anyone to the secondhand embarrassment of me playing soccer.I have come now for one of the US Open Cup game against the Chicago Fire, an MLS team, and then two regular NASL season games against the Silverbacks' typical opponents. The game against the Fire was definitely a bit different - first and foremost the place was PACKED. But this does not seem to be a typical thing. I took Uber over since I did not realize you had to pay to park and had no cash on me, and I waited over an hour to leave because there is only one way out there were lots of people leaving. It wasn't too far different from their typical games, just that a lot more people showed up. One of the things that has me really addicted to coming here is that you can go on the field after to waste time before leaving, and a majority of the players hang around to talk and take pictures and the like (as you can see from my profile picture). This even happened at the game against the Fire WITH players from the Fire so that was pretty cool. However can't say that has happened with any regular opponents, though I'm not sure they have as much name power or anything.I sit (technically stand) with one of the supporter groups at the stadium - there are 3, I think, each in a different corner. There's a bit of animosity which is unfortunate, but thankfully it's just like internet animosity and I've not noticed anyone being dicks to each other's faces in person (so far). If you're interested in this kind of thing I would just search around the internet and try out groups, though seating is pretty open (completely general admission) so you can move around and see where you like it if that's your thing. Which leads me to the other thing I love, that the players let you know they appreciate you. This seems like a soccer-centric thing because let me tell you, even being a hardcore Thrashers fan, none of them were even 1/16 as appreciative as some of these guys are. So many thank yous, so many high fives, it's fun to know I can go out to a sporting event on a weekend and actually mean something to a team beyond cash.Also they do $3 draft beer specials. If any of my awesome yelper friends want to come out with me sometime, let me know! IT'S A BLAST. If you want more soccer post-World Cup, it's on a different level but it's actually way more enjoyable, and best of all it's RIGHT here. It's not hard to find tickets for $10-13, but keep in mind parking is $10 cash. Tailgating is allowed and seems to be encouraged, last week we totally had a Dekalb cop join in at ours haha. You can't beat the location either, it's easily accessible from 85 and 285 via Chamblee Tucker.ROTD discovery shameless plug: seriously come out this weekend!! It's their first home game in a month!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,9/2/2014,99,106,2,7,6>So far, I have been here about 3 or 4 times. This is definitely the nicest and most extended Indian buffet I have been to. The interior is very different from your average buffet. It has a sort of an upscale feel. Very nice interior. The manager is very friendly. He remembered me the second I went and even asked about my children. The waitors/waitresses were very attentive and cleared our table pretty quickly. Now, on to the food. Chicken Tikka Masala was so good! No doubt, it's one of the best that I've ever had. The chicken was very tender. The sauce was delicious. Creamy with the perfect amount of spice and sweetness, and not too thick. Chicken 65 was cooked to perfection. It wasn't tough and chewy like the ones I've tried in the past. The seasoning was just right. Delishhh!Tandoori Chicken was incredibly tender, seasoned, & cooked just right. So juicy! Yummy!Goat Chettinaad was a little different for me. It's not as gamey as I thought. But you can definitely tell that it's not beef. It was good though.Chicken Biryani was delicious as well. I like how it doesn't have a strong cardamom flavor. I've bitten into a few of those cardamom pods....and heavens! I almost cried! So lesson learned. Eat with caution. Lols.Mango Lassi had the perfect blend of mango and yogurt. So good and not too sweet.Mango/fruit pudding were so good! I could eat the whole tray of that yummy mango pudding! Seriously! So good!Gulab Jamun was pretty good. I don't like it drowned in  the syrup though. Too sweet. But it's definitely good. I mean, who doesn't love fried dough drowned in syrup right?If you're in the area, I highly recommend you check this place out. It doesn't look like much from the outside but trust, you won't be disappointed. The food is great and the service is friendly. Great food, good service, and an extended buffet with an impressive quality. My definite go to Indian buffet.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,9/1/2014,204,194,3,9,9>British Pub paradise in Metro-ATL.Tonight was The Pub Perimeter's first Friday service.  Accordingly, they pulled out all the stops.  Management had all hands on deck - countless food servers, bussers, hostesses, and bartenders.  It even looked like there were "suits" from The Pub chain's upper management watching the operation like hawks.The location itself was rather large with multiple dining levels, an ornate wooden bar, and beer taps galore.  It appears that they spared no expense appointing the space with quality furnishings.  New pub + Perimeter Mall + Friday Night = jam packed.  Even with the army of employees, they struggled to keep up, which was to be expected.  Our server, Carlos, was obviously inexperienced and nervous - either nervous because of his inexperience or because the poor chap had to suffer through his shift having to wear a dreadful tartan kilt.  Yes, that's right ladies and gentlemen, it isn't just the females wearing these drafty garments here.  Nevertheless, I have never seen a waiter work so hard to stay on top of things.  As busy as he clearly was, Carlos frequently checked up on us - whether to take our orders or simply to give us an update on our appetizers being prepared in the backed up kitchen.  He obviously followed what training he was given to the best of his ability, and for that he should be commended.  The beer... oh, yes.  The Pub offers a number of European and American craft beers - not American macrobrews but not obscure microbreweries either... somewhere in between.  I happily quaffed down a couple glasses of Sam Adams Oktoberfest. The food, once it arrived, was actually very impressive.  We wanted to sample a handful of their "shareables" so we ordered the Belhaven Beer Cheese, Chicken and Chutney Flatbread, Curry Chips, and Bacon Wrapped Dates.  There wasn't a bad bite to be had in the whole lot.  Everything was delicious - particularly the Chicken and Chutney Flatbread and the BWD's (I highly recommend them). Due to their understandably slow delivery of the first two food items, management comped them for us (we didn't even complain, nor were we upset).  I guess they wanted to make a strong positive impression out of the gate... and that, they did. This could easily become my go-to spot when I'm in the Perimeter area.  Check them out!
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2014,8/31/2014,1865,152,14,30,21>Now, I'm giving this place a 4 star rating because the waitress was just OK but the food was great.My boyfriend & I got the 2lb steak for two with 3 sides (loaded baked potato, spinach and macaroni & cheese). The steak was simply delicious! I like my steak medium rare and since the man should make the woman happy, we got the steak cooked to perfection. It was seasoned really well and cut right off the bone.The macaroni and cheese was delicous as well. Nice, cheesy and flavorful. Not bland with just noodles and cheese sauce. The crumbs on top made it a little better as well. They also have lobster mac & cheese for $8 more. (But the mac itself costs $7 so to add lobster for $8 more seemed a little... never mind lol).The loaded baked potato was HUGE! I like that because some places give you these ol' small potatoes. How am I supposed to eat that?Before the entrée, I got the lobster bisque! This soup was excellent!!! I love lobster bisque and get it at a lot of the restaurants. I was pleasantly surprised because most times it's either hit or miss.This steak house is pretty good & close to home. I'll give it another try & next time I'll try their prime rib, which was the reason I came here this time. LOL
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,8/30/2014,46,128,1,3,3>Shop small, shop local. I love buying local and handmade goodies. Just love it. I think it's the extreme feeling of satisfaction in knowing that I have something few other people have and I'm supporting a local crafty person. I know of a few websites that feature local goods, but I love the fact that I can wander through this store and look, touch, smell and try everything! The Local Exchange is exactly what it sounds like. They offer goodies such as jewelry, art, soap, beauty products, honey, t-shirts, dish towels, canned pickled veggies, popsicles, spices, root beer, dog leash sets etc.I wandered in with my mom on Mother's Day and ended up buying a couple of the dish towels and a bar of handmade soap for my Grandma. Such a cute shop! Love it!
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,8/29/2014,596,74,3,7,5>I met the boys out for a cigar the other night, happier than ever to get a break from the office.  I'm pretty much a once-a-year cigar guy, so it isn't something I normally do.  Cabernet is the perfect place to relax with a cigar and enjoy a very good meal.  The medium-rare steak came out exactly as expected and the cigar suggestion was what I was looking for.  If you have the opportunity for a boys night out, and are looking for a fantastic steak, Cabernet is the right place to go.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,8/28/2014,44,68,2,5,4>I'm so disappointed that I didn't find this place sooner in little Historic Lawrenceville. Finally a very good and unique restaurant that I do not have to travel 30 minutes into Atlanta to enjoy.We went here for lunch on a Monday afternoon. I didn't have an issue with parking, but the lot is very small. The restaurant itself is also very small. Only about 7 tables on the inside and six tables on the patio.As we walked in we were kindly greeted immediately and were told to choose where we wanted to sit. We opted for the patio since it was such a beautiful day! Quickly glancing at the menu they have a decent selection of beers and wine. They only serve beer and wine here, so no cocktails for you! I am not a beer drinker, but I was excited to see they had a good selection of lambic ales! For all you real beer drinkers out there they  have a good selection of IPA's as well.For food I ordered the Southpaw burger which had bacon, blue cheese and american cheese on it. I also substituted the side of potato chips with bacon Mac & cheese. All of their burgers and sandwiches are served with a side of chips, so don't expect to get fries here. You can substitute the chips for another side for an extra $1.50. My burger was so delicious! Everything was cooked perfectly including the bacon! The bacon Mac & cheese was pretty good. Not the best  Mac & Cheese I've ever had, but it was good. My husband ordered the Mr. Jones burger which had pimento cheese, jalapenos and bacon. I actually liked his better, but my burger was still really good. My friend ordered the famous Sink burger. I didn't try it, but she said it was probably the best burger she has ever had!We will definitely be back to this place. Glad to have found a gem of a restaurant in Gwinnett county!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,8/27/2014,140,186,6,9,7>Scene: Gray, breezy Saturday eveningNeed: Oysters in one hand, a cold beer in the otherBonus: Outdoor seatingI had bookmarked Hugo's to try when my summertime oyster craving hit. It was a wonderful experience from beginning to end. I had some reservations at first after reading that there was complimentary valet and that the restaurant had a dark, romantic setting - I was coming back from a stop at urgent care for a check up so I was anything but fancy: white shorts, bright fucshia top, flip flops, no make up, crazy curls. My longing for oysters overruled those concerns, though.We pulled in and were greeted by the friendliest valet staff I've ever encountered. He opened my door first and welcomed us. I asked him if it was fancy in there, and he said, "No, no, not at all. Nice and casual." He took the keys from my husband and wished us a great time. I was immediately at ease.The place was packed - it was bursting out the door seams. I couldn't really close it because there was no place to stand. It had rained for about 10 minutes about half hour earlier and everyone had scrambled inside for fear of melting, so the hostess was very happy when we requested to sit outside. She even thanked us! There are about eight tables and chairs out there and three were filled. We had a fantastic waiter named Patrick who was a joy to talk to and very easy going, but attentive. He made us feel welcome, made jokes with us, and was prompt with drinks and the two dozen oysters we ordered. They have a decently sized beer and wine selection and great specials throughout the week (see photos). I can't wait to go back for the lobster special on Thursdays - 1 - 1/4lb lobster with fries, coleslaw and choice of soup or salad. There's many kinds of oyster selections, but we went with the plain jane standard this time ($16 for half dozen). Some were small, but they were all fresh and delicious and there was no issue with shells or pieces (drives me nuts!). They didn't bring out horseradish with them so we were at first confused and a little let down, and when we let Patrick know, he scanned the tray and said, "Can't have oysters without horseradish!" He was back with some right away, and apologized. (We learned there was a new girl that night so she forgot to add them.)When we paid we let him know we had a nice time and thanked him for being a great server, and it his face literally lit up and he thanked us. Back at the valet, before he got our car he asked if we had a good time, and thanked us for coming. He opened the door for my husband who slid into the seat and turned around to tip him, but the valet guy was already walking away. We had to call after him to tip him -- the one time I DO want to tip valet, heh. It was like he did not expect it, and "complimentary" meant just that. I may have a new favorite place for my oyster affinity :)
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,8/26/2014,20,197,6,5,3>Butter my butt & take me to mountain biscuit!  Soft, buttery, flaky, buttery, golden, buttery, delicious, & buttery!  Did I say buttery?  Yes, buttery!  The egg is perfect, the sausage with just right amount of kick, & the service has the best southern drawl & cute smile behind it!  Breakfast all day, as long as it's before 2 PM (closing).  If you want some pulled pork BBQ, what they q is mighty fine!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,8/25/2014,286,463,7,12,11>How have I not reviewed this place yet?!?  Okay, I'm so glad that Jose O. put last night's "meat -fest" together in honor of Tanya C.'s lent commitment and the ending of it because I don't think I would've come back here if I didn't have a legit reason.My initial visit was over a year ago and I really didn't enjoy it much. I was probably just turned off by the beef brisket. Not a huge fan of that menu item but was a bigger fan of the other "meats" we enjoyed last night.  It was a group of 7 of us and we definitely ate until we couldn't any more.  One of the first things I noticed was the stellar service! These guys know what they are doing and works very hard to make sure your experience is "on point."Our entire group selected "A" which comes with multiple choices of meat from beef brisket, marinated beef & pork, Iron Age's version of "meatballs" which is really just giant beef patties that are seasoned and grilled on the hot plate.  The side dishes rock and are unlimited. If you're a fan of picked radishes and romain lettuce, you'll be just fine. White rice is optional and can be given upon request.  If you haven't visited Iron Age, just know 2 things: 1. Come hungry and 2. they are open until 2 am.  That should be enough for you to give them a try!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2014,8/24/2014,187,323,5,7,7>Beef noodle soup is both beefy and fatty at the same time I think marinated bulgolgi is used for this. It is a simple dish with a thin broth, glass noodles and even mushrooms  think of it as comfort food. If you like it spicy you can ask that it be made for you or you can add some of the sirracha that is on the counter. Two kinds of dumplings are offered here regular and the King dumplings and at a $1.69 are a steal and a great snack too theses are steamed and filled with pork and chunks of veggies.You will need to make your own sauce for the dumplings so put some soy sauce in a dish, add a touch of vinegar and a heaping spoonful of chili oil mix and enjoy.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,8/23/2014,42,56,2,5,2>Not just anyone can wash my cars, especially when one is a 911 with GT Silver paint work.  I found Neptune just after moving to Marietta in April of '14.  I'll be honest, I haven't taken my cars anywhere else.  This opinion is based on a sample size of one.  I just never ever had a reason to test another because the price is always right, the attention to detail is amazing, and the staff is awesome.They remember the little things.  On my white Wrangler they are always sure to apply the tire shine so it doesn't "sling" onto the car when I drive away.  God that's awful when it does.  Here it's never been a problem.On the 911 they take special care to avoid swirl marks or use of abrasives. They make sure to pop up the rear spoiler to wipe under it every single time.  And when I leave they put in paper floor mats as a final touch - because they want to take care of my car just like I would.And the owner - he knows his stuff.  Get him going about the different chemicals involved in other washes and what he chooses to use.  It's really amazing how much information is out there just about car wash soaps and waxes!  These guys are pros.  Don't hesitate to get the best value, and best quality wash here if you're in the neighborhood!
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,8/22/2014,249,21,4,4,4>I have been going to Nail Trend for many years now. I discovered it was on Yelp the last time I visited.Lee always does my mani/pedis. She's very precise, has great attention to detail, and is very good at her art. She is very friendly, warm and kind.Since I prefer men to have nice hands, and not chewed to the nub fingernails, and nice feet, without talons to claw me in bed, my hub also gets mani/pedis, done by Julie. Yeah, yeah, I like the metrosexual look, at least with the hands and feet when pertaining to my hub...lol!It's very clean and bright inside the salon. They have muzak playing, but not too loudly, and 2 flat screen TVs that are on mute. One is usually some movie, and the other news. They have around 8 pedi salon spa chairs, and as many mani stations. I'll count them next time to make sure.The staff is very friendly, and they have female & male nail techs. They use OPI, China Glaze & a few other brands which I cannot recall. You can use their nail polishes, or you can bring yours from home. I like their selection, and I have my own Deborah Lippmann & Joan Rivers nail polishes. Yes, can you believe it, Joan Rivers? She has AWESOME nail polish. Check out QVC or Google for selections.They offer UV gel, which I ALWAYS get on my fingernails. Lasts almost 3 weeks before you need a change. The darker the color, the more nail growth you'll see, so it may vary for you. Other services are acrylic nails, diamond nails, China silk,manicures, pedicures, manicure & spa pedicure, manicure & pedicure, fill ins, French manicures, polish change, nail replacement and designs on your nails. I sometimes get my big toes with a design.When I go to get either a manicure, or a mani/pedi, I see the same customers from previous visits. Not just recent visits, but from a few years back, too. To me, that's customer loyalty based on excellent service. I highly recommend Nail Trend, They are conveniently located in a Kroger shopping plaza, so you can get a lot done in a little time with plenty of parking :)
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2014,8/21/2014,16,54,5,8,4>Its finally open. Sprouts has come to Dunwoody. And its a short walk from my house (when I say short I mean I walk my dog by there every morning and evening). What is Sprouts? Sprouts is a small grocery store publicly-owned chain riding the wave of healthier eating by providing nutritious food at reasonable prices. Georgia is the first foray into the "East coast market". The Dunwoody store opened in what was the old Ace Hardware store that has stood empty for many years. Bonus points from me for helping to fill a great space and provide good jobs for lots of local people. The store is well laid out and makes good use of the available space. This was an Ace Hardware but it was one of the larger Ace Hardwares around so its not Trader Joe's small but its dwarfed by the Kroger or Publix spaces. The parking lot got a fresh repaving and there is a lot of parking for the size of the place but parking can be quite painful on weekends or on double-coupon Wednesdays. Sprouts is new and that is attracting a lot of people as well. If you are driving I'd recommend coming in from the Kroger side entrance. The Mt Vernon entrance can get a bit dicey with people trying to find a spot on the side of the building and backing up traffic. For Sprouts the produce is the thing. You'll find good values all the time and sometimes quite remarkable deals (3 red peppers for $1, a large watermelon for $1.50). Its a fair variety of produce as well but if you are looking for herbs its best to look elsewhere (see Buford Highway Farmer's Market). There's cilantro, there's parsley and that's about the end of it. The rest of the herbs are the expensive small plastic container things. You want tarragon? mint? Expect to pay high prices for it. There are barrels for bulk items like almonds, quinoa, lentils, beans, rice, salt. These are good values and worth coming to the store to pick up what you need.The meats, fish, chicken selection is small but good quality. There is grass-fed beef. There is organic chicken and wild fish but you have to look closely to make sure you are getting these. A decent selection of grocery items that extend beyond what you might expect to find in Kroger / Publix for ethnic foods. Prices are either just OK or somewhat higher than you'll find elsewhere (although there are weekly specials that offer good deals). Really good quality organic frozen selections, a decent bakery, and a couple aisles of soaps, vitamins, and supplements of all kinds. Sprouts has 3 soups every day and offers $4 and $5 sandwiches that are not a bad option for a quick somewhat-healthier lunch. Very happy to have Sprouts as a new corporate neighbor. It seems they will be very successful in Georgia based on the crowds I've seen since opening day.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,8/20/2014,195,325,1,9,5>10:30 Friday morning, and my friends and I were the only clients for the first slot of appointments.  Tip #1: make an early appt. to avoid delay ..... which leads to tip #2:  arrive on time. "Treat Your Feet" allows a five minute grace period which is only fair, since  the next round of clients will be waiting when you are finished.As other Yelpers pointed out, the décor is upscale-Asian, soothing, low-key.  The four of us opted for one-hour foot massages, a veritable deal @ $30.  (Tack on another $6 or so, for gratuity.)Tip #3: wear a skirt, shorts, capris, or pants that can be rolled up.  Let the masseuses do their thing without the impediment of excessive clothing.Tip #4: don't balk if your makeup rubs off or if your hair is askew. Once finished with your feet, you'll be asked to flip over -- head to feet -- for a head, face and neck massage.Tip #5: plan to come back!  You'll walk out relaxed and renewed, thinking about what services you may want the next time!  (A friend said their body massages are fabulous.)
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,8/19/2014,22,75,,5,5>We thought we found our Chinese place in the greater Atlanta area.  We have settled with a different restaurant that is much further from home than House of Chan.  Today, we went to Best Buy across the street.  My husband says "Let's give it a shot."  Yelp to the rescue, and I made my decision.All the good reviews ring true with House of Chan.  It literally not like any other Chinese food I've ever had.  We ordered house egg fu young, shrimp fried rice, crab ragoon, and egg rolls.  Egg rolls are egg rolls, but the crab ragoon was easily the best.  The sauce that was served with it was equally as delicious and sweet with a fruity undertone.  The egg fu young was perfect and served with gravy on the side.  The gravy itself I would of eaten with a spoon if I didn't have any respect for myself.  It was more of an au jus, almost clear, and slightly sweet.  The fried rice had full sized shrimp in it.  Every single Chinese restaurant I have ever had uses those little tiny bite sized shrimp.  I appreciate these shrimps more than they would probably ever know.What highlights the experience is the service.  The staff is friendly, conversational, funny, and most of all accommodating.  Never had to ask for a thing.  I suppose if I had a complaint, the decor is very outdated, but truthfully I've never been to a Chinese restaurant that didn't have outdated decor.  Think about it this way, if they have been around THAT long then there is something to it.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,8/18/2014,489,857,6,12,9>Ham Ji Bak is a popular Korean restaurant name. At first, I thought it was the same restaurant as the one in LA Koreatown. I was hoping it was since I loved that place. But it wasn't.I also heard that there is a Ham Ji Bak in NY as well. But all three are different. I found out that Ham Ji Bak is not a chain but a popular name for a Korean restaurant.So what is this place? Well they seem to specialize in bossams and other Korean dishes. They do have a huge menu. Not only that, they have tons of specials written on the walls. It will help if you know Korean when you come here. They don't provide many good English translations. I tried one of their combos. It came with 1 soju, jokbal bossam, and bean sprout kimchi soup (kong-kim). Not only that, they gave us some pajun and egg jjim as a service. This was a ton of food for 2 people. I think the combos can feed 3 people. When you order the soju combo, you can choose the type of soju. I had no clue which one to order so I let the waitress decide. I loved the jokbal. It was nice and smokey. They also gave us a huge platter of it too. Like I said, you need more than 2 people to finish everything.The whole combo came with pickled nappa cabbage and raw oyster to wrap it in. They were good. The kong-kim soup was very spicy. It tastes spicier than it looks. The rest of the banchans tasted all good. It was a nice, Korean meal. The staff were old school, FOB aunties, but they were very nice. They also don't have doorbells as other Korean restaurants. So it's harder to get the server's attention.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,8/17/2014,429,176,1,6,4>My favorite park other than Piedmont Park. I come here regularly to walk, run, and relax. There is a beautiful lake to sit and gather your thoughts on a breezy day. There is a 1.4 mile outer loop walking trail and a 1.03 mile inner loop running trail. The running trail is awesome because it's more naturey and goes through the "woods". This park also has a unique "disc golf" designation. Disc golf is also called frisbee golf. I saw a lot of people get really serious about their disc golf. A couple of friends and I tried to play for a couple of hours one morning and we barely got through half of the course without calling it quits. Great exercise and fun though! The playground is pretty and not always busy so if you want to go swing -- forget your age. Just swing. Play on the big rock too! Be a kid again.This park also has an amphitheater. However, I have never seen any concerts. Most days I see kids playing soccer, several boot camp and yoga groups, kite flying, and sometimes I see people in the pavillion having family reunions and bbq-parties. At the entrance of the park if you go towards the right there is also a cool big compass thing which most people don't see unless they look. I came here once for a charity event and they showed frozen on the green space. That was awesome! Like I said -- my favorite park.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,8/16/2014,336,485,,8,4>Cal took me here last Thursday for ladies day, and it's definitely one of my better range experiences :)We came in around 4, and thankfully, they weren't busy. We already had ammo, ears and eyes, and pistols and rifles, so we were pretty set. All we needed were targets. The guys and gals there were definitely very helpful and informative, and just very nice people all around. They asked plenty of questions about us, what we were brining in, and just things about Cal and his marine life.Cal recently picked up an AK47 so he was willing to bring it out so that I could be one of the first people to shoot it. Being the first one to shoot it was quite an honor, and I have to say, I'm truly loving the AK's. The Glock 30s wasn't too bad of a shot either. We shot for about an hour, and went through plenty of rounds.We both left pretty satisfied lol.Everything for me was free since I had everything I needed except a $1 target, and so Cal just had to pay for his range time which was $12. Ladies, definitely take advantage of ladies day. Free is always better :)
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,8/15/2014,19,109,2,4,3>My son always walks out of here looking great and feeling good!This is a great example of the old skool barber shop the men in my family used to go to.  Mr Big, the owner, has created a environment where men can come and get lined up or a cut, shoot the shit and get some BBQ (on the weekends).He employs excellent barbers who pride themselves on meticulous cuts, fades, fros, beards and more.  Toddlers, teens and adults are welcome.In addition to great hair and an occasional BBQ plate, there's a barber (Tony) who is also a very talented painter. His art is displayed and for sale.These men also serve as mentors for the young men who come in regularly. They check on their schooling, behavior, extracurricular activities, etc which is an important "village" type of care you don't find anymore at your local barbershop. They've watched my son grow up over the past few years and he looks forward to going and checking in "with the fellas". If the men in your life need a new place to get a cut-check em out! They'll walk outta there lookin FINE!!!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,8/14/2014,94,102,1,6,6>I last visited Luciano's around 1 pm on a weekday for lunch. I didn't have many expectations going into it, but I was extremely satisfied on my way out already determining when I could return.A spacious Italian restaurant located in the Kroger shopping center on Sugarloaf Parkway, it is much more than it seems from the outside. As soon as you walk in you see a large wine bar, cloth covered tables, and clean decor radiating something more upscale. The only thing that isn't are their prices. After being seated, our server immediately brought us waters and fresh crusty bread. They have an olive oil and tomato dipping sauce with fresh Parmesan cheese mixed in for the fresh-baked bread. It's so addicting! Definitely a rustic touch to a more modern restaurant.Since Sugarloaf is largely a business area, they have three course menu lunch offerings for $12.95. They rotate them weekly so there is always something different each time you come. You have a choice of soup or salad to start, one of four entrees (both pasta and non), and one of four desserts. For my three course pairing, I Caesar salad,  penne with shrimp in a creamy sun-dried tomato alfredo, and chocolate semifreddo.Everything was on point! The salad was crisp and lightly dressed with fresh cheese grated on top at the table. My pasta was phenomenal. The shrimp were large and plentiful, and the penne was mixed in a cheesy, creamy, alfredo-tomato sauce which complemented the sun-dried tomatos mixed in. Very rich but extremely satisfying. Last, but certainly not least, the chocolate semifreddo. It was a small scoop of ice cream with creamy frozen chocolate bites mixed in which melted in your mouth as soon as you tasted it. It contains nuts though which wasn't listed or told to me up front. I thought they were a great compliment, but I know it can pose a problem for those with allergies who may not have been aware.Great service, delicious food, and an affordable price point really won me over. This restaurant is definitely a keeper on the days where I need to escape the office for lunch.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,8/13/2014,109,364,4,10,7>UPGRADED!!Gone is the dingy, overpacked and somewhat suspicious shelves of food.This supermarket has undergone major renovations to bring it into the 21st century.  The floors are all wood, there is new Euro bakery section, the food court is fanstatic.  This market remains to be the source for all of ATL to find obscure ingredients.  Serves many ethic populations, from eastern euro to mongolia. This place has it all. There is a lively din in the market. It feels like a market with the throngs of people. Delighted squeals of the young one. Shoppers with a curiousity painted all over their face.  Smiles from folks that stumbled on their local treat.  This is a real market,.. not the sanitized , elevator music Publics.I come here for a few things1. Sake. They have a decent selection of better sake, from jun mai to dai ginjo2. Super fresh seafood3. Delicious cakes in the Euro bakery section.  They fly these babies in from NY.Enjoy your visit.. i hope you find that special childhood treat from your far away place!!
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,8/12/2014,24,70,4,5,3>Moxie Burger is a great burger joint in Marietta right off Johnson Ferry RD. It's a fairly attractive restaurant, with a bright interior and patio. Even better, it's dog friendly! We saw several dogs in the patio area and Moxie even has water bowls for them.Orders are taken at the counter (there is NOTHING wrong with the passive voice no matter what your English teacher says). Additionally, there are menus on a half wall near the entrance but they're difficult to read due the faded ink. Moxie keeps it pretty straight forward. There are perhaps a eight or so named burgers - beef, veggie, turkey and lamb - or you can custom build one to your liking. I chose The Heater - a burger with hot sauce, onion straws, jalapenos, onion straws and ranch. I added blue cheese crumbles, too. Absolutely delicious! My only complaint was the hot sauce didn't have much kick to it at all. This burger would be nigh perfect with the proper hot sauce. Everything here is a la carte. We debated whether to go with the fried pickles or french fries for our side, but went with the former. It was a great choice. I thought the OK Cafe had the best fried pickles in Atlanta. The ones at Moxie are every bit as good. The next time I go back though, I definitely want to try the fried pimento cheese, french fries and sweet potato fries.The patio would be a really cool place to have a burger and beer on a nice spring or cool summer evening. Plus, again, you can bring your dog. There are quite few places in Atlanta that have a nice outdoor seating area and are dog friendly. That warrants a bonus star from me.Cons: The only con is there isn't one closer to me.Pros: Definitely one of the better burgers in the Atlanta area. Cool patio. Delicious sides.Verdict: Recommended.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,8/11/2014,70,148,4,4,4>The Geneva Rosti is the breakfast of my dreams. If I thought my arteries could handle it, I'd eat it every weekend. I love the fruit cup that comes with this dish. It has lots of yummy fruit in it instead of some bland melon that most places try to pawn off on you. I also adore their coffee cups. They feel substantial, like something that your grandpa would like to hold while he has his morning joe with this newspaper. In fact, my boyfriend bought one for me to take home because I kept commenting on how much I liked them.The only thing that keeps me from giving this place 5 stars is the memory of the water carafes during my first visit. They seemed to float from used table to new table instead of being refreshed/replaced between diners. That's just gross.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,8/10/2014,0,3,2,6,2>I absolutely love this place. It is a family-run business (mother and daughter). They are both extremely helpful and personable and take a genuine interest in their customers. I went in today actually and the owner asked how I was and if I was finished my graduate summer classes yet and I told her I was a bit under the weather with a sore throat so I'd be getting tea today instead of my usual triple shot cinnamon latte (delicious). She immediately got a large to-go cup, sliced up lemon and put honey in my tea and then gave me a bag of sliced lemons for the rest of the day. So thoughtful!Their coffee is top notch, I'm a coffee addict and I'm very picky about my cup o'joe and I can't say enough good things about this place.The salads, fruits, belgium waffles, soups, packages lunches, etc. are all made fresh daily. The owner even grows fresh herbs in a garden out back and cuts fresh mint for teas and herbs for soups an dishes.Their Mango Green Tea is to die for.Keep in mind that everything is brought in daily and is fresh and so if you go later in the day they may be out of stuff depending how busy they were that day because they are not a Starbucks, they are a new small-business. They also will serve you at a table after you've ordered. I tool four graduate classes this summer so I would go there for 4 hours max and would eat and sip coffee while studying. They would come around and refill and ask if I needed anything.AMAZING place!
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,8/9/2014,705,1112,5,4,4>Whenever I'm not familiar with a certain type of cuisine, I ask the waiter for suggestions on what to order. This rule has never failed me and our waiter at Rumi's Kitchen did not disappoint!We started with the Kashk Badenjoon -- fried eggplant , topped with cream of whey, crispy onion, and mint; served with freshly baked flat-bread and a side dish of feta and olives. Whoa. This was amazing. It was so hearty that I could have made it my meal. The layers of different flavors made me stop my date in mid-sentence and say, "I'm sorry, but this eggplant and I are in a relationship now." He took it well.  Our waiter suggested several things for our entrees and I picked the lamb kabobs made from lamb sirloin with a side of saffron basmati rice covered in lentils and raisins. LAMB-TASTIC!! The basmati rice was OUT. OF. THIS. WORLD. The lamb was delicious and cooked to perfection and there was also a little freshly grilled tomato that made me wish I was on a Persian beach enjoying the sunset while someone grilled my freshly caught dinner.All of this perfection was washed down with a bottle of wine from Rumi's impeccable wine list...a delicious Bordeaux that complimented everything nicely.  Honestly, I can't say enough great things about Rumi's Kitchen. The food is fabulous, the vibe is chic yet cozy, and the interior is lovely. If you're looking for a great date spot in Sandy Springs, this is it...and you're welcome.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,8/8/2014,44,68,6,5,8>We arrived 5 minutes before it open for business and the owner welcomed us at the door with a big smile. She said "wow! haven't seen you in 2 months!" Not only she recognized me, she remembers when was the last time I came....impressive!Tried the tacos with fish and Korean BBQ beef. Both were excellent! The tacos include fresh vege and topped with some sort of mayo/aioli. I tasted cumin in the aioli and it surprisingly goes very well with the other ingredients. Kudos!We enjoy our food while the overhead TV blasting K-POP music video.....I see as a cultural immersion experience. Besides, who wouldn't like that funny Gangnam Style MV?
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,8/7/2014,49,357,3,4,2>A group of friends (mostly intoxicated after a great, fun wedding) decided that we needed somewhere to go to a) nurse our emerging hangovers, b) put some nourishments in the bellies of the DD's and c) have the drunks sleep it off somewhere so we decided on Dan Sung Sa.This was only my 2nd time here, the first being after my own party where we were seated in a booth near the front. I had no idea that the restaurant had more room in the back or that they even did karaoke. This time, they led our pretty large group to a room in the back and at first, I didn't get the decor at all.It looked like a primary class room, with black boards on each side of the walls. I left the ordering to those who knew the language better, but we ended up with an assortment of wings (those parmesan chicken wings were awesome), ramen, and several dishes of spicy sauces.The wings are very big which I like. I really hate it when a place that advertises their wings serves up these little, dried up chicken nuggets with bones in them. This place is not like that at all and they drench them with the requested sauce. You will end up licking your fingers while you are eating them, but like crab legs and chicken wings, you're not going to look sexy eating them no matter how hard you try.The service was ok, although there was a lag in our 2nd round of ordering because the lady forgot to put it in. The place wasn't booming with off key singing of Linkin Park (why is it that most karaoke places I go to one, there is always someone singing on of their songs!) so even if you didn't want to partake in the karaoke, you could at least enjoy your meal in the main dining area.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,8/6/2014,212,38,11,6,5>If you are 1) a fat cat 2) a fat cat wannabe 3) a lady in search of a fat cat or famished from your morning spa treatment 4) hungry for very good food, you will enjoy Joey D's.  I'm not a fat cat but I know some and for reasons I can't understand this is their endroit préféré.  There is a visually spectacular bar but I've never had a drink here - need to remedy that so keep a barstool open for me cougar lady in high heels at 11:30 in the morning.Food - I have only ever had the Filet Salad (fancier name on the menu) and they will cook (or refrain from cooking) the meat exactly how I specify.  Sashimi steak salad?  Don't mind if I do!  My lunching friends have ordered just about everything on the menu and the french fries look cholesterolific.  I admit I've scavenged a fry more than once and they are awesome.  Ketchup in a little carafe?  I know the landed gentry likes their condiments served without a "57" staring them down but the proletariat prefer the self serve satifsfaction of pounding the bottle on the bottom.Service - probably the best service in this part of town as far as restaurants go.  Of the 6-7 times I've eaten here (sometimes in a large group) the waitstaff is at the table quickly, gets the drink orders and seem to know exactly when you are ready to order food.  In a large group the waitstaff grows when the food arrives so everyone's food is delivered simultaneously.  Refills spontaneously appear just as your glass is getting to the bottom 1/3.  The only thing that I don't care for are the repeated requests to take my plate when I stop to talk to people at the table.  Half of my salad disappeared after no less than 4 denied requests to take my unfinished plate.  I finally just gave in and let them have it.It can get a little pricey (lunch) if your meal includes cocktails but for lunch you can get out relatively unscathed if you order a sandwich and soft drink.  But since you're paying with your Centurion American Express you probably don't mind.  Hostile takeovers aren't nearly as fun on an empty stomach!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,8/5/2014,228,451,,8,4>This is a nice little spot tucked in Marietta that is a combination of trendy but at the same time has a neighborhood feel to it.  Its' décor is modern but it's located in the burbs.  They did a great job of making the city come to, well, outside the city!  The food was yummy.  They boast that they're the #1 spot in Atlanta for gyros, and I think the food did this statement justice.  I had their falafel gyro and it didn't disappoint.  The falafel came out fresh and warm, with a great crispy texture balanced with an ideal soft center.  The seasoning was perfect.  I also really liked the tzatziki dressing that they dribbled on the gyro, it was paired very well with the falafel.  We had ordered toasted ravioli as a starter per the high recommendation of one of our friend's at the table.  I've never had toasted ravioli before so didn't have anything to compare it to, however for a first, it hit the spot, and something I will definitely get again.The service was very good.  Our waiter was friendly and attentive and did a great job with additional drink and food requests that we had through the night.  The music was also another bonus.  We didn't' know that there would be live music going in, but it was a cool surprise.  A young guy named Bobby Jones performed and his music was nice and not overbearing for a dinner environment.If you're a gyro aficionado, or even a newbie, check out Christo's!
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,8/4/2014,11,128,1,1,1>With a location that may save it from being overrun by the throngs of Perimeter-ites, Tin Lizzy delivers on good a la carte Mexican faire with a helping of friendly service.1st star - Location as salvationRaise your hand if you try and get anywhere for lunch around the Perimeter without pulling out your hair if you had to do so in a car.Anyone? Bueller? I didn't think so.You hop into your car, you try and drive a 1/2 mile for a coworker lunch, and when you get to where you're going -- you realize you spent a ton of time in mall traffic only to discover that the restaurant is slammed because it's too damned easy to find.You see that nondescript bank with the patio out front? Yeah -- ignore that. Don't go there. Just drive by. Why?'cause that's  where Tin Lizzy's located, and that's why it's not overcrowded during weekday lunches. Nestled in a Suntrust building near the Target mixed use clusterf--- nearby, the parking is weird, the turns in and out are terrible, and......it makes up for that terrible Perimeter traffic.2nd star - A la carte non-Kate-Moss tacosSkinny tacos are bad. You get those a lot in these Mexican joints around Atlanta. Piddly little tortillas with a waif like helping of protein or other key ingredient. Perhaps some cilantro tossed on top to try and distract you from the paltry serving for which you will pay $4 later.Have no fear. Tin Lizzy tacos are fat asses. Three (3) tacos will fill the confines of the standard Tin Lizzy metal bowl which you see floating around the restaurant at the hands of wait staff. No apology cilantro. Just decent protein / primary ingredient portions, toppings, and sauce.3rd star - Pretty darn good tacosI'm a Bone Garden fan. Bone Garden doesn't mess around with skinny tacos that taste bland. I, thusly, have a high bar for Tin Lizzy to reach. I'm pleased to say they give it a good college try.Tacos I've had so far include:1. Korean BBQ pork (specialty taco) - Basically pulled pork with some sort of ginger lettuce and chili paste. Pretty god overall. The pork was moist and not dried out.2. Low country boil taco (specialty taco) - Grilled shrimp + chorizo + pickles + tater tots  + other things = not to bad. I thought it had a good flavor -- it was an interesting combination. Spiciest taco I've had, though I never found the promised tater tots in mine.3. BBQ chicken - Pretty much what it says. Nothing to write home about.4. Fajita chicken - They called it creamy avocado sauce, but I called it "ew" and "do not want." I wanted to like it, but the sauce was strange and killed the taco for me.5. Philly cheesesteak - Exactly what it purports to be. I really enjoyed this one, for what it was. The cheese, steak and peppers & onions, indeed, made for a nice taco.6. Santa Fe steak - Tasty steak taco with spicy ranch and jalapeños. Simple enough, though it could've used more steak. I'd order it again.4th star - Usually quick, friendly serviceMy service experience has been consistent at Tin Lizzy's. Sitting at a nearly completely empty bar at lunch resulted in a bit of a wait before an order was taken, but once engaged with the wait staff, everything was good to go. Orders are usually turned around pretty quickly at lunch.5th star - Reserved for a future reviewIf you're tired of skinny tacos AND overcrowded Perimeter lunch dining, avoid the crowds and the terrible Mexican food -- give Tin Lizzy's a try.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,8/3/2014,23,74,2,4,3>Buford Highway has a nail shop??? Holy Moly! I know there are a lot of nail supply stores but not a nail shop. I'm super excited. I walked in with my sister and wanted to try out. I read the prior review by Mickey saying how he enjoyed Dina's service. My sister got her and I got this guy name Jason. Jason is lot better than Dina. He's very experience, fast, and he massaged really well. Very satisfied. However, poor sister, she got Dina. Apparently, she bled her three toes on the right foot. I hope she doesn't get any infections. We both got mani and delux pedi for $33. I think it's a good decent price. Only downside is that I wanted to have my eye brows wax but apparently lady who does it was not here. Boo! Oh, there was this random guy that came from next door and gave us a bottle of water. It was sweet! Overall, I'm happy and my sister is happy. She'll overlook the cuts. LolThis store is located inside Pinetree Plaza. It's bit hard to see the store front but it's right across from Furniture Express. It's connected to a hair salon called Hair Creation. Next time, I might get a hair cut and nails done!
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,8/2/2014,16,66,3,3,2>This is my new favorite breakfast spot. We usually get the "kitchen sink" with the sweet cream pancake, it's worth it! I don't usually eat pancakes, so I'm pretty picky when it comes to what I deem "worth trashing my diet" for, but I'll gladly eat these - they are like no other pancakes I've tasted. The eggs are always perfect and the smoked gouda grits - OMG! My husband doesn't like grits, but even he admitted these are good. The potatoes are crunchy, too. Just a few tips: (1) even though there's Coffeemate fake creamer on the tables, you can request real cream in a pitcher from your server(2) Call ahead seating is also available, so call ahead if you're going on the weekend and they'll put your name on the list, less waiting when you get there(3) the tables outside and at the coffee bar are first come, first served. If it's busy, keep an eye on those tables and snag them if possible. It'll save you waiting in line for an inside table.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,8/1/2014,108,284,3,7,5>My next foodie adventure in Cobb County is Brazilian Bakery Café. It has rave reviews on Yelp. That wasn't the only reason why I tried them out but also because I've never had Brazilian food before and their menu looks so good. I love bakery items, not only for the yummy desserts but also for the fresh baked breads. I was super excited that Brazilian Bakery Café wasn't too far from my workplace.I decided to leave around 11 am to avoid the lunch crowd. When I got there, I was the first customer. I briefly looked at the menu online and when I got there, I totally forgot what I wanted. I was so mesmerized by all the yummy desserts that was looking at me through the glass. The cashier asked me what I wanted, I told him I have no idea because I never been there before. He asked me what I had in mine. I just told him I love chicken, lol. He was sweet enough to give me a sample of the Coxinha. He said to me that I have to promise him that I will come back. Oh my freaking goodness, coxinha is the best thing I've tasted since I had Chicken 65. It just looks like a plain fried dough but damn, when you bite into it, it's so moist and flavorful with the tenderness of the chicken & mozzarella cheese melted in my mouth. Just thinking about it again, I want to go back to get it right now. I told the cashier it was sooooo good. I wanted to try something else, I went for a hot sandwich called BB Franco - grill chicken breast, ham, cheese, lettuce, tomato, corn, & potato sticks. It was really good! But I was still thinking about the Coxinha, lol. I also ordered the pineapple juice with mint. I didn't love it, it wasn't bad, just not my favorite. Of course, I had to have dessert too. I tried the coconut truffle & chocolate mousse. Both were just sooooo good. The coconut truffle was a bit on the thick side but it wasn't overwhelming sweet, neither was the mousse.It's a laid back café so the cashier takes your name and when the food is done call out your name to pick up your food.  Seriously, I cannot wait to go back and try more dishes.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,7/31/2014,151,91,2,5,8>Sweet Apple Doughnut and Coffee after one stop has moved into first place for my go to local doughnut shop. Location is great, sitting in a small strip in the Johns Creek area, so parking and access is a snap. I was greeted by a guy behind the counter, and he was wearing a smile (a nice change from Dutch Monkey). He rattled off all of their favorites and their highlights, and I settled on the True Strawberry and the maple bacon and cheese bar. Friends...these doughnuts are RIDICULOUS!! The flavor, texture, and presentation was perfect. I could have stayed and tried everything they had if I had a bionic pancreas, but no such luck. The whole bean coffee they had on tap paired well with the doughnuts, so I left happy, caffeined up, and my sweet tooth was satisfied. I am anticipating my return trip to give the other flavors a shot, and I've got a feeling that I wont have to wait too long. Get to this place ASAP.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,7/30/2014,85,207,1,3,3>One of THE nicest Asian cuisine restaurants in the city of Roswell, "both hands" down!My first visit was a few weeks ago with a co-worker, and I was WOW'ed! I kinda expected to be somewhat, ... but Whoaa! Lets start with "the modern day appeal", followed by cleanliness and exceptional service! This is what you want anywhere you dine and you'll receive that here.I definitely plan on returning and bringing guests when visiting. The menu offers plenty variety, "fresh" sushi and includes, Thai, Japanese, and Vietnamese cuisine. I wanted to sample the entire menu as there are soo many types of sushi I've never tried as well as different types of Asian prepared dishes,..... Vuu's covers the spectrum. My co-worker and I stopped thru for lunch where we dined on Teriyaki  chicken with broccoli and fried rice (please note the fried nice is not oily, like in some Asian places). I had the JB Tempura Roll, ... scrumptious!We also had a few appetizers, the absolute best being the Avocado fries (Ohh wow), never had anything like them, lightly breaded, non-oily with a side of Yum-Yum sauce (whatever YumYum is?), I'll have a bottle of my very own....*BIG grin*!We tried the Rangoons and finally Mr. Vuu himself appeared to check in on us and offered us something he called Asian donuts, I call them Asian beignets with a twist, ...*wink* I'll let you figure out that twist!?! :-)I washed my lunch down and had a refill on the Green Tea, not sure what the secret is to this tea at Vuu's but its different and has a very fresh taste. The waitress was very pleasant and accommodating as we looked around, noting the cooks decked in white aprons and hats. One thing that caught my ear was the nice modern music lightly playing in the background,....setting the tone and atmosphere, a nice blend with the clientele and non-disturbing. I must mention the Vuu family is "green" conscious, check out the recycled to-go cups and lids :-)  This is the best, the owners are still young and know how to capture what it takes to appeal to a variety of patrons...they are "gettin it DONE" and they "totally get it"!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,7/29/2014,113,370,1,9,3>Hands down, the best Lobster Roll I've had in Atlanta so far... I don't know how many I've tried but I've turned my nose the other way every time because I'm comparing it to the ones I've had in Boston. This by far, has been the best, still not comparable only because of the way it's made. But it is generously stuffed with lobsters and the bun itself was absolutely delicious. Who knew that a restaurant, almost tucked away has such amazing food right? I ended up with their short ribs and parpadelle because it is one of my favorite pasta!!! I thought it was a bit on the salty side but otherwise very flavoful and full of short ribs. It definitely was not scanty on the meat portion. My friend had the crab pasta and she said it was delicious. We ended with a delectable chocolate layer cake. I can't recall but it had a layer of cheesecake, cake and mousse or something along that line. All I know was that I was too busy talking because my friend snarfed it all!! The server was funny because he needed a name that he uses for the evening so he ended up being DUI (Dewy) given by another table across from ours. That was fun. This is a great place for the summer because of the nice patio and live music they have going on. I can't wait to come back on a nice beautiful afternoon to enjoy it all. Great service, beautiful interior - it is a little dimmer than most places I've been to...
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,7/28/2014,180,306,2,6,7>It doesn't get any more authentic than E 48th Street. Founded by Charlie and Anita Augello back in the 80's, E 48th captures the neighborhood market and feel of the very streets they grew up on in NYC. It's a family business run by people who genuinely care about the product and service they are putting out into the community. Over the years they have generated a supremely loyal following, a family of which I am now happy to be a part of.The beauty of the market is that it isn't just another store selling Italian food or classic Manhattan fare. It's a carefully researched institution linked to the heritage of the proprietors who focus on bringing the best of their family traditions to the consumer. Whether it be the divine pizzas, succulent sandwiches, or staples like pastas and oils, everything here is as authentic as can be. Charlie even returns to Italy for the olive harvest in the Fall to help press. Everything is prepared fresh in house (the mozzarella is made daily and simply amazing!) or imported from Italy as the genuine article. They've recently added a self service wine bar and enclosed more seating out on the patio. Work your way through the heroes and specials for lunch, take out some pizza or freshly baked bread, or stock up on authentic Italian ingredients for the home.If you're a fan of Italian fare or simply want to experience the real deal, stop by and give this family run business your money. You'll certainly not regret it.Charlie, I'll have a number 6, 15, and 26 please! Oh, and a pizza... just for ME!Molto bene!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,7/27/2014,41,27,1,9,3>This restaurant is excellent! The friendly staff, elegant atmosphere and delicious food is a winning combination.  Price isn't bad either. Their Asian fusion menu offers plenty of variety.  The coconut soup had a perfect sweet and sourish flavor.  For sushi we had crunchy roll, beef roll, batman roll and spider roll.  All delicious, but my favorite was the batman roll.  I would go here again and would highly recommend.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,7/26/2014,33,222,1,3,2>I had been doing business with the same cleaners for a few years now.  They were off of Old Peachtree, which was convenient enough; but when they moved over off of Sugarloaf, I knew I'd need to find a new cleaner.  Plus, their pricing always seemed kind of high.Enter Fabric Touch.  Looking for a new cleaner on Yelp, I found these guy's with 5 stars.  Even though there was only 1 review up until now, I thought it was convenient enough to me to try.  I have not been disappointed.I brought 12 shirts here to be cleaned, 3 of which needed to be dry cleaned.  I came to pick them up on the promised date and only received nine shirts.  The guy quickly explained that his press had gone down and he was unable to finish all my shirts.He gave me the nine he had completed and told me to come back the next day to pick up the remaining 3.  When I asked "how much?," thinking I'd need to at least pay for the nine, he said not to worry about it that I could pay when I came to pick up the other 3. Came the next evening and sure enough the remaining 3 were ready to go.  I paid and was on my way.  Not to mention the price seemed to be around half of what it had been at the other cleaner's.  Maybe not half but it is definitely less here.Very nice guy.  Shirts cleaned and pressed well.  And I'd say outstanding customer service.  Why can't more companies get it right?!  It's really simply.I have found my new cleaner. Thanks.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,7/25/2014,36,136,1,7,3>I've been wanting to get a cut but have had a hectic work schedule lately so I haven't scheduled any appts.  I was also looking for a new place since Muse disappointed me so badly.  Taylor Brooks is close to my house so I called them at 2pm today and they were actually able to give me a 3:15 appt.  The salon looks very nice, has an upscale feel to it.  Receptionist not the warmest person but she was friendly enough.  My appt was with Kathy, a super nice lady who sat me down and had a thorough conversation with me about what I wanted.  I also showed her a picture and she discussed with me the pros and cons of what I was thinking of.  I never got the impression of being hurried, she took her time and it was much appreciated.  We wound up going with a modified version of the pic I had brought and I think its very pretty.  I'm happy with it.  More than anything though it was much appreciated that she listened to me and seemed to have  a clear understanding before putting scissors to my hair.  Very nice, very knowledgeable, I have thick, coarse hair and Kathy knew just how to handle it.This price was a little steep but since I moved to this area I discovered that $50 haircuts are pretty much the norm down here unless you want to go to a really low-end kind of place.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,7/24/2014,328,633,8,8,6>"Minny don't burn fried chicken." -- The Help (2011)How have I been here so many times in my life and never written a review?  I never realized this fact until I checked in the last time and Yelp said "write a review" instead of "update review."  Shocking.  How could I be so neglectful?What can I say about GoGS that has not already been said many times before?  Authentic Southern fare? Check! Sweet, thoughtful service? Check! Huge portion sizes? Check! Killer fried chicken? Check! Save room for pie? Check!Okay, since that is out of the way...Here are things people might not have said before.  As much as I love the fried chicken (and I order it ever other visit), there are other items on the menu I crave and have to have as well.  The meatloaf is to die for - soft and tender, sliced and griddled on the flat-top just before service and topped with a tomato gravy with grilled onions right before service.  Mmm hmmm.  Pork Schnitzel (a special only available on Wednesdays, Thursdays and Sundays) - pounded thin pork tenderloin, breaded and pan fried - juicy, tender, delicious and it always sells out!  Get there early to get it! And the chicken pot pie never lets you down!Now for the sides - I'm usually getting the sweet potatoes and the broccoli casserole.  You cannot go wrong with either one and I love them both. But I am also a fan of the cheese grits, collards, black-eyed peas, and creamed corn.  When you arrive, they bring you fresh from the oven corn muffins, with a ramekin of butter - gratis.   Now fair warning - these are the Southern cornbread muffins I grew up with.  White corn, no corn kernels, no sugar - pure, unadulterated cornbread.  Slater it with butter and bite into the creamy, crunchy on the outside goodness.  Then ask for more with just a sweet smile and the word please, how can you possibly be upset with service like that?The key is (for me anyway) is to only eat half my meal (the rest is for lunch the next day)... plus then, there is room for PIE!  You have to try their pies. First, they are amazing.  Second, they serve you 1/4 of a pie (no exaggeration here). My favorite is the Chocolate Cream Pie - rich dark chocolate that they put fresh REAL whipped cream on top only when it is time to serve it.  I usually have to take at least half of it home with me as well - but then I get the rest for breakfast in the morning... I mean, how can you go wrong when you pay $20-25 for dinner and you end up with breakfast and lunch the next day as well?The answer... you can't!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,7/23/2014,183,107,4,8,7>At $10 per month, you're getting a pretty new, well-maintained gym with friendly staff and a variety of cardio and strength machines to help you break a sweat. Upon entering the space, you'll see on your right nearly two dozen treadmills lining the perimeter, elliptical machines, a small area in the corner for stretching, and a variety of weight machines. Each cardio machine includes a tv with cable, so you can check out Food Network while you reach your target heart rate. There are green machines that make up the Express Circuit for those who need a comprehensive workout in 30 minutes. A large traffic light on the wall signals when you should rest or move on to the next machine. There are free weights on the left side of the gym and membership comes with a complimentary fitness assessment. There are showers and lockers but you cannot leave items overnight. No classes or frills, but a quality experience for the cost and the name YouFit means people of all shapes and sizes are welcome!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,7/22/2014,135,258,1,5,1>When we do birthdays we go big.  There is always a big crowd and it's always hard finding a place big enough that doesn't charge a minimum or require one check for the entire table.  After trying several restaurants in downtown Roswell, The Mill finally fit the bill.  The restaurant is beautiful.  They have a large bar area as well as private dinning rooms.  They gave us the two long tables in the bar area.  When part of our party cancelled, they were flexible and paired down the tables to fit us all at one.  Service was quick (for a party of 30) and our waiter even took the time to tell us about the ghost stories that go along with a restaurant in a space that used to be a morgue.  The food was delicious and everyone raved about their plates.  I had the braised short rib.  The meat was tender and fell apart.  The squash and potato gratin with honeyed carrots gave it a bit of sweetness that went perfectly with the ribs. I'm excited to go back on a Sunday to try their brunch menu and imbibe in their $10 bottomless mimosas.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,7/21/2014,42,144,2,7,3>Trattoria is probably the single best restaurant OTP - at least that we've found so far. Make reservations on Friday and Saturday nights to be safe. To get: Starters: - MELANZANE - Basically the entire reason I come here. It's deliciousness makes me want to weep. The eggplant is sliced very thinly, stuffed with what I think is sheep's milk ricotta, and then smothered in delicious fresh tomato sauce and more cheese before being baked in its dish until the edges of the eggplant slightly caramelize. Pure art. - Caprese - Solid rendition, good mozzarella.  - Mussels - Nice, relatively gentle flavoring, mussels are always fresh. - THE BREAD SAUCE - The other major reason I come here. They put some sort of garlic paste in this fabulously fresh tomato sauce - I die. Pro tip: they will happily bring you more if you ask for it. Pastas:- Everything (really)...but especially the...-Ravioli - I am normally turned off of dishes that are this oily, but the crispiness of the sage and the richness of the ravioli balance out the browned butter. Basically this is what this dish is supposed to taste like, and once you've had it you'll realize that all the other versions you've had have been nothing more than paltry imitations. - Spaghetti, either side or whole dish - I get this with veggies instead of the meatballs, but it doesn't really matter either way since the tomato sauce is simple, elegant, vibrant, and completely fresh. Desserts: - Blueberry white chocolate creme brulee - House made tiramisu - Although I should warn that it was only ok last time we went. I'm guessing they were having an off night. - Mascarpone cheesecake What not to get: Antipasto - We've ordered it twice and thought it was a pretty limited spread. Salads - These are all large, fresh, and kind of boring IMO. If you are a fan of boring things you will like them. Everything on the back of the menu (meats/fish) - The scallops were not properly seared, and the creamy stuff (polenta?) that they came on was pretty boring. Dinner companion ordered some meat thing and was also unimpressed. Would give these a pass. Chocolate melty cake thing - It pains me to say this, but it is just not up to par with the other desserts. It's good for a normal restaurant, only ok for here. The chocolate is subsumed by the sweetness, so it just ends up being gooey and sugary. Which is nice, but seriously, check out the above-mentioned desserts first. Did I mention that I love this place? Go NOW.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,7/20/2014,265,275,,4,2>Honey Pig is one of my favorite spots for Korean barbeque. The atmosphere is dark, busy, sometimes loud, and with servers rushing everywhere, a bit hurried--but I love it! The servers here are attentive and friendly. Their meats are higher quality than some of the other Korean barbeque places and their offer different seasonings on their meats along with some good dipping sauces. My favorite part of Honey Pig is their awesome dipping sauces, one in particular--the Sambal + ketchup is my all-time-favorite.On a recent trip here with a few friends, I noticed they raised their prices on the Unlimited option to $26.95. I've heard many people complain their Unlimited option was too expensive before the price hike, but now that we're facing close to $30, I am not sure this is the way to go anymore. If you're not going with a bunch of big eaters, I would recommend ordering from their expansive a-la-carte menu, where many meats are under $20. Nevertheless, still one of my favorite go-to places for Korean barbeque!
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,7/19/2014,167,656,,3,2>Kennesaw Fit Body Boot Camp is simply terrific.Deron and his staff keep each of their daily classes excited and on the road to better health with an assortment of ever changing exercise routines.  The staff's passion is contagious.  You'll sweat, your heart will pump and you'll get a great workout.  With several convenient classes everyday except Sunday you're sure to find a class that meets your busy schedule.  You'll start with an evaluation and a personal exercise and nutrition plan designed just for you. You'll also work to develop mutually agreed upon goals that are measurable, attainable and time constricted.The typical workout consists of 5 or 6 work stations.  Sometimes you'll work with a partner, sometimes you'll work on your own.  Each visit is different and interesting.  Although the last 30 seconds of some routines may seem to last forevah, your 35-40 minute workout will fly by, and you'll be glad you came.You'll be checked on occasionally by the staff to see if you are meeting your workout and nutrition goals, and they'll continue to coach you towards ongoing success.Your fellow campers will be young, old, male, female, in shape and out of shape.  Most of all, everyone I've met has been super friendly.  This all combines to make the Fit Body Boot Camp experience comfortable place to exercise at your pace without fear (or judgment) while seeing real gains.I really enjoy my workouts at KFBBC.  Thanks for keeping us motivated, Deron!!!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,7/18/2014,180,568,,6,3>I am hesitant to write a review for this place, mostly because I don't want everyone else finding out about their awesome deals.....However, I can't hide it forever! Hands down, the best part about this place is that every last wednesday of the month they have 1/2 off everything. Everything in here is already insanely cheap though, so then you take 1/2 off and it's insane. I am paying .50 cents for Ralph Lauren onesies and button down shirts, 1.00 for puma and nike jackets...they have tons of toddler clothes, which I love because kids go through clothes fast. On my last trip I saw about 5 pairs of great condition Old Navy Skinny Jeans, all for $1 each after the half off sale. Too bad my son doesn't wear 2T or I would have snagged them all.I also bought about 11 pairs of shorts for my husband, about $1.75 each after the same. Brands like Brooks Brothers, Ralph Lauren, J Crew....of course you have to dig into things, but it's totally worth it.Love it!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,7/17/2014,107,128,3,5,9>I've been waiting for SIX months and this place is FINALLY open! I've been going to the Decatur location for years, so I was thrilled to see an Alpharetta location being built! I could barely contain myself! We got invited to the VIP party last week before they officially opened on Saturday. It was a friends and family type of pre-opening celebration. We arrived around 9:30 and the place was rocking! The patio was full with people and I noticed they had a Tiki bar on the patio! We walked in and were immediately seated. First thing you'll notice about this place - it's a big space. There's floor seating to the left, table seating and the bar to the right and the dance floor in between. This place makes the Decatur location look like a closet. So much room for activities! I'm so SO excited this place is open! We opted for the floor seating and we sat in the corner in a very comfortable little nook. The floor mats are all new and very comfy. There are a lot of pillows and mats scattered around tables. The paintings on the wall are all HAND painted! No rugs on the walls here, instead you get beautiful murals. The lights are dimmed, as is customary in hookah restaurant environments.Our server, Omar, was awesome. Beyond awesome. He greeted us, got us waters and answered all our questions for us. He brought out our hookah and got the flavor and coals going promptly. The menu has your typical Turkish/Persian fare, plus some common items like burgers, wraps and fries. We ate before we came, but we'll be back to try more food items!I ordered the Tokyo Long Island Ice Tea, which was normal LIT with some melon flavor. It was strong and the perfect amount of liquid courage.Then the belly dancing! One thing I love about Cafe Istanbul is the on-staff belly dancers. It's like dinner and a show. This woman makes belly dancing look easy. She whipped her hips around and had the whole place mesmerized. The dancers always include the crowd and my friend got up there and danced with her. Some of their dancers have special acts like fire, swords and a circus-type show. Despite the thumping music and people dancing, it had a relaxing vibe to it. Omar was a lot of fun and kept bringing us coals. Soon, we were up dancing! The DJ played a great mix of Persian music and Top 40 songs. Soon the floor was full of people doing The Wobble, Cupid Shuffle and The "Dougie." Since it was a private party, the servers started dancing and having a good time, too! We finished the night off with some complimentary Fireball shots. I can't wait to go back! I can't remember the names of dishes or prices, unfortunately, I was too occupied with dancing and drinking and the mint hookah. Oops? =)
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,7/16/2014,62,133,1,9,4>Welcome to Atlanta, Foundation. Notice I didn't say Roswell... or OTP... .  Yep, you got it, Atlanta.  I think this is the first time I have been excited about a new restaurant in a long time.  Make no mistake, this is not a dis on any of the Roswell finest of restaurants, but, Foundation is clearly firing, even after several months of being open, on every cylinder, and I have no doubt that chef Toledo will eventually, if he keeps up this level, will have restaurants in other places in Roswell and across Atlanta if not further.Ok now that I sound like I work for the place or something... I digress and get onto the review.  From the moment you step in you get a clean feeling, bright, sunlit areas, open feel (even the the restaurant is not large) and refreshed, the décor is inviting.  What is great about the décor is it fits the personalities of the employees as you can tell they both respect the owner/chef and are bought into the restaurant like they gave birth to it themselves.  I read a review that said that the wait staff is talkative, and that is true, but it's pretty much out of excitement about the menu and the chef which I can really dig.  They even have several tables that sit directly in front of the kitchen so you can watch the entire service. Décor, and persona, the place gets a 5.Now the food.  We decided that we wanted to try a little bit of everything, so we opted to get 3 appetizers and share the day's special, a grouper roll.  The octopus is truly, truly amazing.  There is only one place in Atlanta that I can compare it to in it's divine-ness and that is the well known Greek seafood place in Buckhead.  It is fried though, but light, airy and fresh.  The gnocchi... I have never had gnocchi quite this balanced and flavorful, also fresh and light.  Finally, the chicken sausage, tender, perfect grill with sauces that give you several tastes that just make the mouth dance.  Finally the grouper roll.  A perfect balance of the mayo and slaw to the grouper, I could get a distinct taste of the grouper but very well balanced with the mayo and just a hint of the slaw, it's there but adds to the grouper. I felt like I was in Boston for the duration of the sandwich!I did not regret any of my selections, and I can't say that anything was out of place with the flavors,. minus what we both felt was slightly higher saltiness then a perfect 5.  Food gets a 4.99.  I read another review that the restaurant is pricey.  Most apps fall in the 9-12$ price point, which yes for Roswell may be a bit of a higher point for some.  But I feel you get what you pay for, this restaurant can and will compete with anything in the city and is worth the drive OTP if you are ITP.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,7/15/2014,467,559,15,9,8>"A Confusing Tale of Chaat, Chocolate Cake and Corey Feldman" ...Otherwise known as Checking in at Cake World Bakery and Café. I am so confused.I have literally driven by Cake World Bakery and Cafe at least a hundred times and never stopped in. One time while eating at a restaurant next door, I looked in, saw an empty front case, and never thought about it again. For some reason, today I did.( I must digress from the review to ask you, dear Yelper, to consider a question.What comes to mind when you hear the name Cake World Bakery and Cafe? Do you imagine a counter full of cakes, cupcakes, perhaps even scones or croissants? Do you imagine the smell of fresh baked goods, the aroma of espresso drinks being poured? Do you envision a friendly greeting by a matronly proprietress or an overly energetic barista? Please hold your image for a moment as I return to the review)I walked in and found myself inside a characterless, spartan fast food Indian restaurant featuring chaats, biryani, and pav bhaji pizza. Instead of coffee, it was a rush of Indian spices that filled Cake World. The barista I expected was instead replaced by three Indian twenty-somethings working together to manage the counter. Had I walked into the wrong door? Or had I found myself in the twilight zone? I am so confused.The menu is hung up in traditional Indian fast food style, where you need either a translator or personal experience to know the difference between Dahi Behl Chaat and Alu Papdi Chaat, or between or a Vada Pav or Pav Bhaji sandwich. Luckily I was Indian in a former life, so I manage very well in these situations.Having never known that I had an Indian fast food restaurant so close to my house, I know I must have had a very surprised look on my face, surpassed only by the surprised look of the employees, since I was the only customer who was not from India or Pakistan in Cake World this evening, or maybe this month.I quickly perused the menu boards. The bakery did include croissants, but these included paneer tika and channa masala croissants. Other baked goods included puffs, plaits, and Indian cookies. They had several sandwich options, from Vada Pav to wraps to Paninis. I was most excited to see the selection of Chaats, awesome Indian snack foods. (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ch)     They also offered three types of briyani; chicken, egg and vegetable. Individual sized Indian inspired pizza is also available.I usually have to go to Decatur or Global Mall to get this style of Indian food, so having it within walking distance from my pad is crazy!I ordered the Alu Papdi Chaat, which was made up of puris, potatoes, chickpeas, yogurt, tamarind, garlic, and a helluva lot of spices. It was fantastic and fresh. I also ordered Pav Bhaji, which is mashed vegetables served up next to a seasoned bun you fill up with the stuff. Awesome.I finished my meal and walked over to the front counter where I found CAKE of all things! I chose the Black Forest Cake. I took my first bite with some trepidation, still in my "Cake World Bakery and Cafe confusion" I didn't know what to expect. My first bite immediately led to my second, third and fourth. This was no ordinary cake. Not quite Black Forest, yet it had a taste that was strangely familiar. Confused again! Finally it came to me, Drake's Devil Dogs! I haven't had these since I was a kid, but there was no mistaking that Cake World must have found the original recipe and somehow turned it into a yummy cake! Now I'm really confused!During my dinner, and dessert, I had a chance to catch up on some Indian TV. For some reason, I don't get the Bollywood channels in my cable package. It's not often I get to see a soap opera that includes choreographed dancing and very bad fight scenes. I was particularly interested in this very attractive Indian actress, when another character appeared in a scene with her. He was Indian, but looked exactly like Corey Feldman. I mean exactly, only Indian. Maybe it was Corey Feldman. I haven't really seen him do anything lately.I'm so f@king confused...
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,7/13/2014,146,178,3,12,2>UPDATE:  I forgot to mention this address is wrong.  They are actully located at: 2674 Austell Road, Suite 112, Marietta, GA 30008. I submitted updated address to Yelp twice already but for some reason it hasn't gone through.  :-)After finding several good braiders through Craig's List, only to be dismayed when calling them a few months later gets you a disconnect message - I am THRILLED to have finally found a good braid technician in a honest-to-goodness brick and mortar location.The owner, Christy Ndanga, is sweet, humble, patient and most importantly - talented!  I've visited a few other African salons and I've read reviews about others - like B & T Braiding also on Austell Road - and all I can say is this salon is fastidiously clean and the ladies are skilled professionals.The new location is much larger (located in that strip mall at the corner of Austell Rd and Calloway Rd) with a small but comfy waiting area, and I was offered water during my service.  But the biggest, most important thing - my hair turned out lovely.  I will definitely be back.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2014,7/12/2014,1074,989,2,4,3>KOREAN BBQ at its best in Atlanta can be found here. It's not cheap like the AYCE places where each person would spend on average $20. Here, you'll be upwards of $30-$50. COMBINATION #2 BEEFWe had three meat eaters in our party, so we decided on the Combination #2 [all beef] instead of ordering a la carte [each dish runs $22-25 anyway]. The sizing for 3 people [we had 2 guys and 1 girl] was perfect. You can feed 4 with this combo too if one or more people can't eat as much meat. Costs ~$100. Pricey, but very very good cuts of meat.CHARCOAL GRILLSI'm a huge fan of the charcoal grill since we use it at home. The meat just tastes better on charcoal, period. The servers bring out the banchan dishes and fill the small circle with egg [it cooks when the charcoal heats it up], kim chee and corn. Then the charcoal guys come out with buckets of hot white charcoal and insert it into the center of the table with a grill on top. SERVICENot only is the charcoal already a big plus, the service comes into play to make this 5 stars for me. I'm usually designated the thongs to do the work in bbq dinners, but here, the servers come frequently to move the meat, cut it up into smaller pieces and also to put the next round of meat on the grill. It's freaking great. I think my guy friends were in love with our server..and frankly, so was I. It was incredibly nice and convenient, and he was very very nice to us. QUALITY MEATSThe combination #2 includes seasoned prime rib, seasoned short rib, sliced ribeye, rib finger [my absolute favorite on all fronts], and brisket. All the meats tasted amazing, so tender and juicy except for the large bone prime rib at the end. I couldn't get it off the bone and it was hard to chew. BANCHAN AND SIDE CHARCOAL HEATED DISHESThe banchan is very good. The salad is refreshing with the perfect vinaigrette dressing. The tofu is my favorite by far, great seasoning with it. The egg was added to the small surrounding circle of the charcoal fire and it cooked from there. The egg was so fluffy and delicious and so was the corn. Kimchee was standard good. ** We didn't eat pork so no reviews on the meat there.A little bit about the owner since his face is plastered everywhere, including the sign by the street. He's a former sumo wrestler, turned comedian celebrity, turned Korean BBQ restaurant chain owner. I have to say, the marketing strategy totally worked. My friend lives in Duluth and he said that he drives by this sign everyday and always wanted to go try it. Finally got the chance and it was delicious.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,7/11/2014,45,354,3,16,3>Hometown Alpharetta really needed a good Chinese restaurant and it's here at Cafe 101. Yay!For those not familiar with Cafe 101, the 101 in the name actually comes from the tallest tower in Taipei called "101" which once was the tallest building in the world. If you're local to Atlanta and frequent the BuHi area, then you're probably familiar with the original Cafe 101. Not sure about the restaurant ownership, but the food here tastes just like it does from the original chef. That's the funny thing about Chinese restaurants: you need to get into the local gossip to find out where the chefs are going. The soup dumplings at this location are made by the chef who used to be at Chef Liu's (as told to me by manager Simon). I think there may be another chef in the kitchen who used to be at the original Cafe 101, but left for a food court stint at the Great Wall Supermarket in Duluth (Ping's Place), and is now here. Ok, enough gossip. Let's talk food...Soup Dumplings (Xiao Long Bao): 6 buns in each steamer, they're good, maybe a bit pricey. Probably the best soup dumplings in ATL now. If you're familiar with the "original" international franchise Ding Tai Fung, I think the soup in 101's dumplings is a bit darker but more flavorful. Kung Pao Chicken: it's not your average Americanized Chinese food. Crunchy peanuts, slightly cooked onions that have a good crunch, a spicy kick from chili peppers (admittedly, they're probably more "for looks" than actual spicy flavor), and juicy diced chicken meat. This doesn't disappoint and is a must-order for my family.Homestyle Tofu: I love the soft texture of the tofu which is cooked with some julienned pork bits, in a thick brown sauce. This dish is so good with rice, you might eat bowl after bowl of it. Salt and Pepper Pork: I think just about anybody would like how crispy the pork chops are from the salt/pepper coating which isn't too thick. This didn't particularly wow me and my bestie because it reminds us of what "salt and pepper" anything should taste like. In fact, it had us drooling, thinking about the Salt and Pepper Squid at Canton Cooks. String Beans: this isn't vegetarian friendly like it sounds, but it's one of those requisite veggie dishes you want to have along with any other meat dishes. The string beans are stir-fried dry with oil but also with diced up pork and dried shrimp. Cafe 101 truly has authentic food and even has some of the more breakfast/brunch options like the fried crullers, and scallion pancakes. I'm also impressed that they also have shaved ice desserts at this location just like they did in their original location. The decor is simple and clean. Cafe 101 occupies the second floor restaurant space in the shopping plaza, above the Bottoms Up Beverage. There's been a lot of turn-around, but it's a great space which also has a patio. There is a set of stairs near the restaurant, but I'm not sure if there's an elevator or another means for the handicapped (pretty sure there should be).Service is attentive, but it's probably because it's such a new restaurant. I came here for a late lunch on Friday afternoon. I had a good laugh when the waiter tried to pitch us "Buy 1, Get 1 Free" bubble teas. I'm looking forward to having Cafe 101 in my repertoire of local Chinese restaurants.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2013,7/10/2014,178,660,,3,2>In decor and service (formality at least) Chateau de Saigon is a step above some of the other options for tasty Vietnamese food on Buford highway. It would be a great place to take friends or family who may not know as much about what to order or how. The menu is extensive, maybe a little overwhelming, but there's definitely something for everyone. We had pho as a benchmark, and it was very good. The broth was rich and flavorful. It may be nitpicking, but the person who ordered the pho said he would have liked the otherwise-standard small dish some like to use to dip their meat or noodles (in more sauce).  I had one of the bun options that came with roast pork and eggroll. It was very good, though I would have liked a little more pungent fish sauce. The other entree ordered was the shaken beef, which the orderer said was delish.  We also had the beef jerky/green papaya salad. That was especially good.Get an iced cafe sua to go if it's hot out. Totally hits the spot every time. Sweet, rich and addictive.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,7/9/2014,162,319,,6,3>When you walk into Hammocks, you get this feeling like you are standing in a touristy seafood restaurant on the beach in Florida. I don't know what it is about it, but I liked it. The decor is all turquoise and metal accents, with hammocks hanging from the ceilings. My fiance and I split the blackened grouper sandwich with a side of mac & cheese. We also got a ceviche to start. The ceviche featured mainly grouper. It was solid, not my favorite ceviche ever, but good. I think I prefer other kinds of fish in my ceviche.We were pleasantly surprised by the grouper sandwich -- first of all, they were nice enough to split the sandwich as well as the mac & cheese for the two of us. But second of all, the sandwich was freaking delicious. Maybe a tad salty on the edges, but sooo good. Even more of a shocker was their mac & cheese. It was the BEST mac & cheese I have had in a VERY long time. I prefer cheesier macs -- meaning with actual stringy cheese, not creamy sauces. Theirs was on point, with crispy breadcrumbs sprinkled on it to boot. They also gave a huge portion.I did sample a bit of the fish & chips and found the fish had way too thick of a batter covering it. The fries were good. I also redeemed my Yelp check-in offer of a free margarita, which I did not drink -- future BIL proclaimed it good, but future SIL and fiance said it was too strong.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,7/8/2014,308,222,1,6,3>Wow! I have been missing out on some outstanding Mexican food.  Love that this location is in one of my favorite strip malls too.  The patio is on the smaller side but it's cool.  This particular one wasn't as crowded as their other chains on a Saturday.  I have been turned off after some say 1.5hr wait times.The inside is festive and not cheap/corny looking.  It appears clean and it just reminds me of good times when on vacation!  The surf and turf was 4 star worthy.  My steak was cooked medium to perfection and was well seasoned.  My shrimp were smothered a tad too much cheese....I wish the shrimp were more medium size than small.  Nonetheless, they were tasty.It was only noon so I didn't partake in a margarita but I  am curious for next time!Our server's name was Bryan and he was awesome!Will be back in the near future
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,7/7/2014,8,44,3,10,2>I'm no judge of what does and does not make an authentic "NY Style" pie and I'm not touching that argument. But for lunch, I can confidently state that Pizza Man does make a nice slice. I purchased the $4 slice/salad/drink lunch special based on prior reviews and left full and happy. Great value, good crust, fresh ingredients, and a reasonable side salad. I tried the pepperoni/meatball slice. Nice crunch to the crust, sauce was good, cheese was melty, pepperoni was good and greasy. The meatballs were not as good as Uncle Vito's, but good enough - a little like a very firm meatloaf in taste and texture. I think all the toppings here are fresh, not pre-packaged.The salad is iceburg, which is always depressing and gets me jonesing for a spinach and greens version; but I perked up again when I saw that the mushrooms and cheese are fresh and the dressing is Ken's brand. It was worth the $2 ( the a la carte price); I would have paid an additional $2 for a bigger, greener one. (And I might do that next time - I think instead of the "side" salad perhaps the "house" salad is what I'm looking for, and I'll have to try that next time.)My overall take was that Pizza Man is a reasonable substitute for Filini's, especially since the nearest Filini's is 14 miles away. The ingredients and food presentation are similar (although for atmosphere Filini's has a much cooler vibe). Pizza Man has been around awhile, and is a solid choice.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,7/6/2014,518,132,4,7,8>Sonny's has winning sauces!!! I must have passed this place a million times or more, I decided to stop by while picking my niece up from her Summer part time job (she actually wanted to work while up here on vacation-teens!!!), so I went through the drive-thru  after seeing they offered smoked sausages. I went ahead and pulled up to the drive thru window to see the smoke sausage options. I spoke with Lucy and she showed me a menu, I also let her know that I was a first time customer and welcomed any suggestions. I decided on the sausage & ribs which came with 2 side Items and a choice of bread. Lucy threw in a beverage since it was my first visit..... she highly recommended the chicken but I was really feeling the ribs. I ordered macaroni and cheese and green beans as my side item even though I was given macaroni and cheese and baked beans instead. Everything was really good, the ribs were so tender, they slid right off the bone. The smoke sausage was extremely good and paired great with the texas toast. Lucy allowed me to try three different sauces, smokin, sweet & sizzlin sweet...All very yummy, but  I was won over by the sweet. Lucy was really nice, the food was great and I will definitely be back to try the chicken....... I promised Lucy!
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,7/5/2014,58,153,,6,2>Normally, when I walk into a restaurant, and I'm the only patron in sight?? I get a little scared that I will walk out with an upset stomach.  Luckily...this was not the case!The service in this place is top notch. The scenery is the same as all the other thai spots...even reminds me of a few sushi bars.Now down to the food. I started off with the basil rolls.  They were cut into  six small pieces, and even had a lil tofu in them.  Felt a little warm, so I knew they were fresh.  The sweet nutty sauce in the middle made them taste even better. Freshness + sweetness = money!!My entree was the Chicken Pad Thai, medium heat. This pad thai was the best I've had since living down here. Spice was perfect, chicken was tender, and the noodles were a perfect balance of sweet and spicy.I couldn't leave without trying some dessert.  I saw on their menu that the sweet roti rolls were a best seller...so who am I to say no to that?? They're two individually wrapped rolls of roti with a sweet sticky sauce intertwined.  When I tell you that I can eat that everyday?? Its that good! Soooooo delicious. I didn't even know I could eat that fast. One thing I did notice is that the food took a good amount of time to come from the kitchen...and I didn't mind it at all.  It meant to me that they're making it as I order.  Normally, food from thai spots comes out crazy fast and I hate that...because I know everything was pre done and sitting there on some type of warming station. Two thumbs up for Baan Thai.This will be my go-to place from now on when I get the urge for some good Thai cuisine.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,7/4/2014,120,180,2,5,4>I was out/about headed to The Fresh Market off Johnson ferry rd and decided on checking out Zen massage. Once inside I see a woman and asked if walk ins were okay. The manager/owner was who I walked in on and she was glad to take care of me.I asked about a 1hr full body which was $60 but by this being my first time I was told its a 20% discount. I felt lucky and allowed her to show me to a massage room. My issues were my shoulders/calfs. Ms Laura was able to apply just the right amount of pressure to the areas.I was told my right side of my neck was tight do to my sleeping position which she was so right about. My calfs are also tight especially my right one. I'm glad I came to check this place out. I was very pleased with how I was treated/ the massage. This location is a good ways from my area but the massage was worth it. Zen Massage sits in the Kroger plaza which fits in very well with the other stores in the plaza. I will be back.  Thanks Ms Laura
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,7/3/2014,103,298,1,7,5>back-again-this-time-for-the-lamb-shank-also-my-friend-meet-me-here-her-first-time-eating-iranian-cuisine-and-she-liked-everything-ordered-from-the-sabzi-khordan-to-the-persian-teathe-lamb-shank-was-great-it-is-served-with-baghala-polo-fava-beans-and-dill-mixed-with-basmati-rice-the-broth-in-which-the-lamb-shank-came-had-carrots-herbs-peppers-and-potatoes-the-baghala-polo-was-good-and-complemented-the-lamb-shankwe-had-an-appetizer-must-kheyar-must-o-khiar-i-have-seen-various-spellings-yogurt-with-cucumbers-and-herbs-she-liked-it-more-than-i-did-the-sweetness-of-the-raisins-helped-to-balance-the-savoriness-of-the-herbs-since-it-has-a-yogurt-base-it-reminded-me-of-raitamy-friend-ordered-the-gheymeh-badenjoon-sauteed-egg-plant-stewed-beef-and-yellow-split-peas-cooked-in-tomato-sauce-with-shirin-polo-instead-of-saffron-basmati-rice-the-shirin-polo-is-basmati-rice-mixed-with-orange-peel-raisins-carrots-and-pistachio-in-preparation-for-nowruz-meaning-new-day-iranian-new-year-a-haftseen-table-was-setup-in-the-middle-of-the-restaurant-seven-items-on-the-table-have-a-symbolic-meaning
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,7/2/2014,34,28,2,11,5>Manna Korean Restaurant is an interesting mix of korean foods, it's kind of hard to say what exactly their "specialty" is here because they do a lot of different things: stir fry, stews, soups, mixed rice dishes, noodles... etc. but everything is really affordable and overall satisfactory.the star of the show for me personally has been their cold buckwheat noodle soup (meul nengmyun), the "toppings" which usually consist of julienned cucumbers, sliced radish, half a boiled egg and one slice of cooked beef might leave much to be desired (WHERE IS MY SLICE OF PEAR MANNA!?), but the broth is really what makes this dish. add a bit of white vinegar + spicy mustard sauce and it's PERFECT for this hot weather.on the other hand, their spicy buckeat noodle dish (bibim nengmyun) and their spicy starchy noodle dish (jjolmyun) leave much to be desired. their sauces taste a bit too much like simple korean red pepper paste and well.. meh. their bori (barley) bibimbap dish is also very good and a healthy alternative to the usual rice bibimbap, which is always a win for the korean ajummah in your life. the banchan (side dishes) are good and they have varied each time i've come to dine here, not to mention they're also really good about refilling them for you so don't be afraid to ask! we're definitely frequenting this place due to the proximity, price, service and quality of the food. as long as nothing changes, i'm pretty sure you'll find us here whenever i don't want to cook.. haha
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,7/1/2014,160,534,3,7,5>I HATE carrot cake.  They're always dense, grainy  and just lousy.  Then I went to Sweet Dee's and good grief, that's some good carrot cake!  The cream cheese icing along had me on board, but it's the bake of the cake as well that makes me smile.There hasn't been a cupcake that i've tried and didn't like, going from red velvet (yum), lemon (cake AND icing), spicy dark chocolate (though I don't see this one as much anymore!) and the list goes on and on.  Don't let me forget to tell you about the dark chocolate brownies that are so moist, flavorful and thick that you probably should pick up a coffee from here before you leave as well.Flavor aside, Sweet Dee's doesn't mess around with portion sizes so when you ask for a piece of cake, you're getting a PIECE of CAKE, and typically a slice of cake is about 5 bucks and cupcakes, brownies and cookies (and coffee) are much less.Very solid bakery, very great flavors and definitely worth a visit
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,6/30/2014,15,8,,9,4>It's hard to put into the words the feeling you get, when you stumble across a burrito joint with honest ingredients, and simultaneously honest pricing. I don't get to caught up in hype about burritos. I have no interest in places that charge $12 for a burrito; burritos are fast. Burritos are simple. Burritos are plebeian. When I order a burrito, I want fresh ingredients and a convenient package. I don't want someone attempting to glamorize my burrito, or attempting to turn the simple and humble burrito into a work of art. A burrito is supposed to be fast and delicious utility food, that can be thrown together quickly at an affordable price. Perdido, fulfills this task unbelievably well. After years of deliberation, I have decided that Willys is probably the closest I will ever get to perfection in a burrito joint. This is not because I have substandard expectations, but because I love unpretentious utility food. Willys offers better food, and in greater quantity than Moe's; and does so at a significantly lower price point. Its clear from the moment you step in the door at Predido's, that they have taken the essential Willy's experience and made it their own. Not only are the ingredients 95% of the quality you get from Willy's, but they have a wider variety of menu options too. Perdido is less expensive and nearly as good as Willy's, and thats the highest praise I can give to a burrito joint. The only thing I wish they'd even remotely improve is their salsa. The red salsa is good, but just a little bland; and the presence of hot sauces at the salsa bar tells me they aren't committed to making a genuinely spicy salsa. When the day comes that a real spicy salsa is added to the salsa bar, this humble little restaurant might even steal the crown from Willy's.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,6/29/2014,37,178,2,4,2>midweek-sushi-hunt-now-that-it-is-somewhat-spring-meant-trying-this-nearby-joint-with-a-very-distinct-rep-for-not-bending-to-the-trendy-sushi-tip-have-to-say-that-rep-is-very-well-deservedthe-space-is-very-small-were-talking-tokyo-small-functionally-parties-of-more-than-four-cant-work-sorry-just-not-enough-manpower-but-what-manpower-there-is-is-very-very-skilled-and-politestarted-with-some-edamame-that-was-not-overcooked-or-over-salted-hint-hintfrom-there-went-with-a-combo-of-their-quick-sushi-order-menu-and-their-special-menu-the-sushi-menu-is-just-a-sort-of-crib-sheet-but-makes-things-much-easier-opted-for-a-double-order-of-unagi-along-with-their-take-on-a-dragon-roll-and-a-spider-roll-from-the-hand-written-specials-menu-a-roasted-oyster-option-for-750-2-pieces-sounded-differentafter-the-server-helpfully-warned-the-roasted-oyster-would-take-a-good-30-min-we-settled-in-on-the-edamame-along-with-a-welcome-sapporo-draft-after-15-min-or-so-the-dragon-and-spider-appeared-clean-and-without-heavy-sauces-or-otherwise-fancy-distracting-bits-oishijust-really-nicely-done-rolls-without-too-much-salt-or-vinegar-in-the-rice-in-fact-this-is-the-first-sushi-joint-in-a-long-time-that-i-can-say-that-you-should-default-to-your-dipping-saucer-me-low-sodium-soy-sauce-and-a-bunch-of-wasabi-rather-than-not-the-fish-is-that-lightly-seasonednot-hidden-yumnext-up-the-unagi-four-pieces-arrived-starkly-simply-on-a-bamboo-tray-they-were-not-at-all-stark-in-flavor-tender-and-salty-with-that-distinctive-earthy-eel-bite-really-a-great-execution-of-the-stylethen-the-oysters-think-asian-oysters-rockefeller-with-seaweed-and-ponzu-standing-in-for-spinach-and-cheese-a-great-savory-slurpy-decadent-finish-to-a-nice-mealbottomline-not-the-cheapest-sushi-around-and-not-the-most-high-end-surroundings-flashy-eye-ball-pop-not-a-priority-but-if-your-focus-is-on-fresh-interesting-food-that-you-have-absolutely-no-hope-of-preparing-yourself-at-home-then-youll-give-ege-a-go-do-it-the-middle-of-the-week-before-7pm-and-you-pretty-much-have-hired-a-top-flight-sushi-chef-for-the-evening-try-to-top-that-any-where-in-the-metro-atl-much-less-east-cobb-have-to-head-back-for-some-sashimi
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,6/28/2014,27,81,,7,2>I went in for the first time this past week and feel very happy about my Manicure. Not only are the prices comparable to most other places, the staff here is pretty nice and easy to talk with.  They seem to really appreciate their regulars. I could hear greetings and warm welcomes with others around me and I like that.  The decor on the inside is very nice, despite a rather small work area. It does the job however, and I enjoyed watching a circus performance on the TV while getting my nails done. The gentleman that worked with me was very gentle and detailed. The paint job was from one of the ladies that did rather well.  The only area of concern I have isn't really one that can be controlled is the loudness of the train passing through the Square from time to time, but you are going to expect that when you visit the square anyway.     So, if you would like a quality place to get your nails done after you grab a bit to eat or enjoyed your coffee at Cool Beans next door, this is the place to be!   Also, added perk: Grab a business card for a ''Buy 5, get 6th Free'' special on the back (of a same treatment.).  I will be back and have already invited friends to check this place out sometime!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,6/27/2014,142,199,,7,5>I LOVE Brookwood Grill! They have an immense selection of salads and entrees to choose from! I've had the Salmon salad (Warning: it's a bit spicy), the Scallops with a side of your choice, and the BBQ Ribs. The mashed Sweet Potatoes and mashed regular potatoes are delicious! The side salad with "hot bacon dressing", YES "hot bacon dressing", is beyond delicious! The dressing is described as a vinaigrette type infused with real bacon. All entrees are really top notch! They have a happy hour on Wednesdays and Thursdays! Also, definitely join their email club to receive special offers including a free birthday entrée which you can use throughout any day during your birth month. They also have a live piano player singing and playing to certain songs and a little crowd which gathers around them. This restaurant is great for folks of all ages and large groups. Customer service here is very helpful offering recommendations and refills before asking! I love coming here for special occasions! The cocktail menu looks so good, it makes you want to try them all! You should definitely check it out!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2013,6/26/2014,71,139,,11,4>Movie Tavern is a place where you watch a movie but can order food at the same time!  Each theater holds about 100 people; when you purchase your ticket, you actually select a specific seat in the theater.  The seats are comfy -- leather (or pleather, perhaps!), are arranged in stadium seating, and have a movable tray table attached to each seat with a button to call the server.  The servers have it down -- they come kneel before you, take your order, and silently bring you your food when it's ready and your check at the end of the movie.  There are a variety of appetizers (we had the fried pickles, which are thick, spicy, and quite tasty), and they also have burgers, pizzas, sandwiches, milkshakes, and some tasty-looking desserts.  We went on opening day and they hadn't gotten their liquor license yet, but when they do (soon, they say), they'll have wine, beer, margaritas, and some cocktails, too.  Heck, they might have it by now.From what I can tell, the ticket prices are a few dollars cheaper than a typical theater, probably because they're hoping you'll purchase some food.  The food is a bit more reasonably priced than typical movie theater prices: $9 for a burger and fries, or a pizza, or a sandwich with fries.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,6/25/2014,204,510,1,8,4>After a day full of shopping, my mom suggested just getting pizza and eating it at my apartment. Ha. She forgot our greatest tradition when it'd just be the two of us on a Friday night back when I lived at home: going to get Indian. Since we were up in Alpharetta already, I figured it was time to try somewhere new, and we chose Madras Chettinaad given its good reviews over the two nearby options that were on Scoutmob with far less favorable ratings. We showed up just after 6 and there were maybe 3 tables with customers, but this picked up after we had our food. Service was pretty meh, even when it was not that busy. That was my main disappointment. We had to grab someone else entirely for some things because the guy who had been our server would never come back. We had Chat Papdi as an appetizer, which was a lot different than either of us expected, and we had asked about what it was like and the server's description did not help much more so I will help if its description of being "crunchy white flour nachos" intrigues you: it is not at all what you think. Firstly, it's cold. Second, it is nothing like nachos because these crunchy bits are small, and just basically add a bit more texture to the dish. That's not to say it's not good, we ate it up, but it's more like a layer dip but you happen to eat on its own than nachos if we're going to compare to Mexican food.I ordered the chicken Chettinaad curry, and my mom got the Kandai chicken. I absolutely loved the Chettinaad curry. I typically get Vindaloo and they only have a veggie vindaloo here, so I decided to try something new. It was kind of a tough choice to make because I don't go to have Indian often and there aren't a lot of South Indian options like here. I loved it so much I wish I was capable of making it myself but it looks like too much work and it would be easier to drive to Alpharetta. Anyway, it's a bit spicy, in that lingering way that builds up. It's not veggie heavy and is mostly chicken, and the curry is delicious with the garlic naan.The Kandai chicken was also really good, but a bit more sneaky with its heat. There are bell peppers in here, and I actually might have preferred it to the Chettinaad but they were both amazing so that's not really saying much probably. One day I am so coming for their weekend buffet in order to try more of their dishes easily!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,6/24/2014,309,376,1,9,8>We decided to come here for dinner after we heard about the Open Hand Atlanta fundraising event here. Common Quarter was nice enough to have an evening of dining, where 50% of ALL proceeds go to the Open Hand Atlanta Dining Out for Life Fundraiser. Well I mean, if it's for charity, let's go all out! Why not, right?We started off the meal with oysters and cocktails. The bartender here makes a Pimm's Cup (a little on the tart side, but refreshing and delicious none the less) which always makes me pretty happy. The oysters were very fresh, and served with a great mignonette. So far, so good, a great start to the meal.We moved on to the appetizers next. Since it was for a charity, we decided to try a few extra things. We got the pan fried chicken livers (if you like chicken livers, which I do, you'll love this dish - it was def one of my faves), the mussels (great mix of flavors, perfectly done mussels, fresh fresh fresh everything), and the asparagus (my hubby's fave of the starters, and with bacon and an egg too, can you blame him?). As we were chatting with the oh-so-friendly-and-knowledgeable waitstaff, our waiter's description of the smoked salmon 'tartare' sold us on that dish as well. But seriously though, order the smoked salmon, it was very very flavorful and super-salmony(for lack of a better descriptor), and a great appetizer - really whets your appetite for the next dish.For our entrees, we ended up ordering the fish special of the day (nice that they have specials of the day, fresh catches etc) and the pot-pie-like dish (which btw tasted just as delicious on day 2). I would def come back for the pot pie, it was extremely filling, but very much delicious rich comfort food. The crust on it was perfect. We also got a side of succotash, mostly because I love to say the word "succotash".It was fresh, not at all oily, and a nice springy mix with the butter beans (also fun words to say). This also tasted delicious as leftovers on day 2 (in case you thought we really were able to finish ALL of that with just the two of us, though we did try very hard, I assure you).For dessert (it's a fundraiser, go big or go home!), we ordered the strawberry shortcake (my fave) and the creamsicle cheesecake (more cheesecake, with a creamsicle finish but you have to be looking for that flavor I think to actually taste it). The restaurant itself has a patio (on which they host events in the warmer weather days I'm told) as well as a large bar area (very cool decor). There is a long family-style table down the middle of the restaurant, which would be great for larger groups I think. We sat at a small two-top in the corner, nice and intimate, and there were plenty of two and four tops around the place.Seriously though, charity fundraiser or not, we'll be back. This restaurant is a great edition to Marietta. The menu and the dishes are very well thought out, and they use fresh ingredients. The waitstaff are super nice, and they know their stuff.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,6/23/2014,30,507,3,7,4>Just like Chip C. said, where do you start!? From the outside, this place looks like an amusement park. Dozens of Dolphins literally cascading off all sides of the building, random, abandoned boats scattered around the parking lot and oversized anchors and starfish all over the building, signs and fence. To say its over the top is an understatement! Than you find out it's owned by the same family that owns Marietta Diner and suddenly you get the over the top, kitschy decor. They love a theme!Marietta Fish Market is no joke. Their prices are phenomenal and you're given so much food that I dare you not to leave with a to-go box. When you first walk inside the restaurant, you're greeted by the infamous dessert display that is at every restaurant they own. Oversized cakes, some exceeding 6" in height, cannolis resembling sleeping bags, cookies the size of hub caps and everyone's favorite Greek Mother behind the counter greeting you. It warms my heart to see this family business do so well. I'm convinced they sleep at their restaurants considering the Mom can be seen at every location daily. Don't even get me started on the son...is he on the menu!?Once seated, you're given an oversized menu and cream cheese stuffed rolls. While I typically love anything with cream cheese, I didn't really care for it. The bread is delicious and flaky but the cream cheese is overwhelming. I wish they'd offer the bread without it but everyone else at the table fought over the last one. The menu offers anything and everything you'd expect from a seafood restaurant but without the inflated prices. I thought coming for lunch would help us save a few bucks but the dinner menu we looked at was just as cheap. I chose the grilled tilapia that came with shrimp, grilled zucchini and squash with sliced potatoes. The entree came with a soup or salad. The salad is an extra $1.00 but it isn't your typical side salad. The salad consists of cold Iceberg lettuce mixed with green peppers, red onion, tomatoes, cheese and croutons. I wish I didn't eat so much of it considering I couldn't eat all of my entree. The entree came out just as fast as the salad and the plate was huge! We had a table of four and all of our plates touched! My friend laughed staring at the amount of food! Did we accidentally order a double order!? My entree came with 2-8 ounce grilled pieces of tilapia, 6 oversized pieces of shrimp, sliced zucchini and squash and thick pieces of sliced potatoes. The seasoning they put on everything went so perfectly with the fish, I asked if they sold it. I only see shrimp this size on the gulf coast! This gigantic plate was only $9.99!! Needless to say, I left with a to-go box. If you're looking for fresh seafood that won't cost you an arm and a leg, you must visit Marietta Fish Market. You'll be treated like family, leave full and happy and want to come back again.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,6/22/2014,204,194,8,11,7>This place has renewed my faith in BBQ... Praise the Lard!!!  I'm about to drop some serious praise here and I don't take this lightly so... are you ready?  This is the best BBQ I've ever had.  Yes, it is that good.  So, like a good missionary I'm here to spread the gospel using Yelp as the vessel for it.  The Burnt Ends!  Oh preach, brother, preach!  Though there are many sauces to enhance your meat, I assure you it is entirely unnecessary.  If you insist upon the sauces, they have six different options: Lexington, PTL (Praise the Lard), PTL Spicy, Nuclear, Al Pastor, and Carolina.  With the burnt ends, the flavors are there - smoky, but not too smoky.  The meat; perfectly moist.  Even if Praise the Lard failed everywhere else (which they didn't), the meat alone warrants a solid four stars.  That said, where Praise the Lard shines and earns it's fifth star claiming king of the hill over all of barbequedom (new term) is their sides.  I had mac 'n cheese and deviled eggs.  My wife had baked beans and broccoli & cheese casserole.  Included with our meal were a couple pieces of texas toast.  All of the sides delivered the goods.  Have you ever been to a BBQ joint where the meat was really good, but the sides fell flat?  I have, but not here.  If the aforementioned sides aren't to your liking, you will be pleased to know that there were several more options - potato salad, brunswick stew, coleslaw, collards, corn, etc.  The portion size for our meal was just right - they didn't have to wheel me out of the joint on a wheelbarrow, though I left full and satisfied.  I will return, but hopefully not too soon (for the sake of my waistline).I am a believer.  Hallelujah!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,6/21/2014,87,244,,6,3>I wasn't sure what to expect with this Humane Society. I was picturing a different location (maybe a previous one?) and when we pulled up, I wasn't sure if it was the right place. Obviously there's a huge sign with their name on it, but it's an old car dealership. At first I thought it was strange, but when we went inside I was so impressed.Talk about gorgeous. This place is really incredible. They kept the little glass offices of the dealership and that's where you meet when/if you decide to adopt. They have a great staff that welcomes you at the front desk. We brought our dog with us so he could meet any potential friends that we were looking to adopt (they recommend you bring your dog and then they'll keep it at the front while you look and then they'll let you take them out to introduce themselves to each other).We were astounded by the cat area-- so awesome. Everything was open and the cats can run around and climb and lounge. No cages, and it was awesome.Then we headed into the dog area and it's all glassed in and you can't hear dogs barking from the cat area (which was nice). There are no smells in this place. It's SO CLEAN! We walked around and someone came to help us immediately. We had wanted to look at one dog, but after meeting her, we decided she was a bit too reserved for our boys and our other dog. We told the volunteer what we were looking for in a dog, and he showed us a few different dogs. We found one that we liked and decided to go outside with him and our dog. They have these giant fenced in areas that you can take the dogs to and they run and play. It looks like a super-stretched tennis court with fake grass and no net. It was really spectacular.Our dog liked the potential dog and our boys liked him too, so we decided to see about adopting him. We headed back inside and were able to meet in a private room, and talked to the adoption lady and we were approved! It was so wonderful.Our adoption fee was $100. That's it. It included a visit to the vet (within 5 days) that was totally free, he's all microchipped and healthy, and it was $100. When we looked online for other places to adopt a dog, their adoption fees were $200-$375 and that didn't include a vet visit.Bottom line, this is the place to go to adopt a pet. It's a wonderful shelter and the cleanest one I've ever been inside.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,6/20/2014,149,208,4,6,6>I have a weak spot for biscuits.  I get a little crazy and tend to order too many things because I want to try them all.  That's what happened to me on my visit to Mountain Biscuits.  I had just finished hiking up Kennesssaw Mountain and was a bit hungry.  Ok.  Maybe more than a bit hungry.  I ended up ordering the sausage gravy and biscuit as well as a chicken biscuit.  I can never say no to sausage gravy and biscuits.  It never fails.  The biscuit was delicious.  They have these huge, flat biscuits that still seem fluffy.  The gravy was just a bit meh.  It reminded of gravy that you find at fast food place.  It was lacking in the flavor department.  It did have big chunks of sausage in it.  The chicken biscuit was absolutely delicious.  The chicken was flat like the biscuit so it was really easy to eat.  And it was huge.  I ate all of my chicken biscuit and maybe half of the sausage gravy and biscuit.This place is right down the street from the mountain.  It's a perfect place to stop after you've done a morning hike.  I'm sure it negates all of the calories you burn hiking up the mountain, but we won't think about that.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,6/19/2014,286,463,4,9,6>Thanks to Edward L., I was able to check out this place for the first time last weekend.Todd P. confirmed to me last month that he would drive from the city all the way up to Suwanee because their ramen was THAT good. He was right. And who could forget the ramen eating contest that Dio & Daniel B. took part in years ago. (His picture is still on their wall of fame folks!)I don't crave ramen but have heard nothing but great things about Umaido and after grabbing my first bowl last Sunday, I now understand the buzz about this place.It all comes down to the noodles and broth. The noodles are not like the store bought ones that come in those pre packaged wrappers with the powder soup base and seasonings. They are yellow but they taste "chewier" in a good way. I ordered the "Tonkatsu" ramen and was pretty happy with my "bowl o' noodles."  The broth was great and far different than what I ever imagined. The entire meal was complete in less than an hour. Service is fast and efficient and I like the fact that they had pitchers of their house made tea at each table, which was a huge plus.If I ever crave a heartly bowl of ramen ever again or want to introduce this place to friends who've never been, I will definitely trek back further north to visit the folks at Umaido again.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,6/18/2014,44,68,2,11,3>I found this place on accident, but I'm so glad I did! Being from San Antonio, I'm constantly in search of Mexican food in metro Atlanta that is good as it is at home. If you're on the same situation as me, try this place! It is legit! I think this is the first Mexican food restaurant I have been to that actually makes fresh homemade tortillas instead of using store bought. I tried this place on a Monday afternoon during lunch time. I ordered the carne asada taco salad and my fiance ordered the Taco Depot sampler. My taco salad was one of the best taco salads I've ever had! The carne asada was marinated perfectly and there was lots of it! They are definitely not cheap on the meat here! The salad is filled with lettuce, pico di gallo, Monterrey jack cheese and guacamole. My fiance's taco sampler had six different tacos: Pastor, steak, chicken, chorizo, barbacoa and carnitas. I didn't get to try, but my fiance finished them all so I'm guessing they were pretty good. They looked like true Mexican style tacos.Not only is the food good here, but the staff are so nice and friendly. This prices are pretty good as well! We will definitely be coming back here!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,6/17/2014,140,186,4,5,3>A friend suggested we eat here about a week ago when we wanted a quick lunch. She'd mentioned it before but I kept forgetting about them (gotta work on my Bookmarks!) so she was pretty excited to be there when I tried them for the first time. It was nice and bright when we walked during the late afternoon thanks to all the windows. It's a good space, and everyone was really friendly and helpful with my questions. When you walk in you place your order and then put a number on the table for them to find you. Since we weren't incredibly hungry but hungry enough for a bite, we decided to split a salad and a bean burger. We chose the fig salad, which had baby greens, raisins, peppedews, candied walnuts, blue cheese crumbles and figs. Everyone says this all the time but my mouth is literally watering at the memory of this salad - and it was a big portion too! Even with splitting it we didn't finish it. It had lots of figs, the greens were fresh and crispy, and I loved the peppedews. Not sure exactly what they are but they were pickled, peppery and delish. And this is where we take a moment of silence, folks........ for a damn good black bean burger that barely saw the sunshine after it came into my grip.This was the best black bean burger I've ever had. Really and truly. It came on a grilled wheat flat bread with the burger, which had black beans, rice, avocado, lettuce, tomatoes, some kind of corn relish, pickled jalapenos and a horseradish honey mustard. My friend and I couldn't get over how good it was - we were silently chewing and staring at each other with wide IS THIS REAL eyes... Yeah, it was sexy.They have a whole variety of teas to choose from - some strawberry mojito one and a lemonade with vanilla, which I got and loved. It was the perfect complement to my meal, especially because when I checked into Yelp while there I got my drink for free! They have a long list of paninis and sandwiches with options like steak to salmon, pork, veggie, turkey...They also have "Real Plates" which are more of actual meals with sides like pork loin, grilled salmon, coconut curry chicken, etc. AND WINE. AND BEER. It was an easy, quick, reasonably priced experience for some really good food - perfect for a quick lunch when you don't really want a restaurant. Set me up with a bed and clean bathroom and I could probably live here.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,6/16/2014,102,127,,6,5>Went on a Saturday night no real big name headliners, buying tickets online will cost you $25 but at the door it's $20 (but they often sellout).  Very organized but a little cramped, comedians were funny and the service from the wait staff was excellent.  They were fast and on top of their game.  They have a bar type menu and the food was pretty decent.  I had a grilled chicken sandwich which was really good.  Prices are fair beers on tap were $7 for 16oz.  They have 3 shows on a weekend night so it's not a place you just hang out at. You come in, and get seated, order drinks/food and the show starts.  Show is over and the lights come on, and Bye Bye.  Show was about 1 1/2 hours.  Watch out on parking, there is a lot across the street, that some guys are out there which an offical looking sign, PARKING - Punch Line $5.  So we parked there and noticed it was a huge lot for a shopping center with resturants and other businesses.  If you come in a different entrance you can just park.  I think these guys were just scamming everyone in this public parking lot.  If you wait until the show lets out there is plenty of free parking right by the door.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,6/15/2014,89,136,4,6,1>I can NOT believe that I forgot to write about this spot. It's literally 2 minutes from my house. I've always driven by, peeped the Yelp reviews and wondered what it was like until my beau had it for lunch with some coworkers and he called me and told me that we had to try it. We went that night. Yeah, it was that good for him to want to eat there twice in one day. It was great. Very pleasant service, very clean restaurant and the food was 2 snaps - good honey.I ordered the shrimp fajita with a side of rice and refried beans. hmmmmm. I want some more now that I'm talking about it! I also ordered a frozen peach margarita - same as an rita. Pretty good. So I've been here again and again. Always got the same thing. This place is really tight. The second time I went, I tried to explore it a little and found the bar with a couple of tables in the back. Its quaint and cozy in the back. You really feel like you're in someone's house. I wouldn't be surprised to find out that it was someone's house lol.The last time I visited this spot was about a week ago - after the first snow storm here. We pulled up. The parking lot was packed. We could hear the loud music coming from such a small space. We walked in and boom! Karaoke night! Neither one of us are fluent in Spanish so we just sat there and tried to dissect a few words from the singer. It was still entertaining. A patron got up to sing. We both left thinking that we need to brush up on our Rosetta Stone so that we can either partake in the festivities next time lol Anyway, we decided to try something new. I tried the fish tacos and shrimp nachos this time [ok, not too far fetched from the shrimp fajitas, I know]. OMG that fish was seasoned to PERFECTION. Man oh man! Big chunks of onions and heavy cilantro. That's the way I like my Mexican food and that's the way you will get it at this place.I really like this place because you will find all types of nationalities here.This is my new go-to spot in my neighborhood. I think we might have to pay another visit tonight!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,6/14/2014,249,21,6,7,4>Awesome food! It's right behind the Citgo gas station, in the Wal-Mart strip mall. Take out only. Place your order at the window. You can also order online, and pick up your grub. Very friendly service. Get there early if you have something favorite. The food is fresh, and when they run out, you have to wait till the next day...if you can...lol.The ribs were so good they made me wanna slap YOUR mother! :-D They were succulent. I liked the sauce on the ribs...not too sweet, with a little kick...I don't care for too sweet...gimme some heat, baby! You want them spicier? Just ask for a small container of sauce...right up my alley. Tender, juicy, melt in your mouth brisket. I gave up eating ribs and beef bbq a long time ago, but now I'm lovin'both again...thanks to this "joint." The other places I've tried had chewy, dried out ribs, and the sliced beef could be used to sole your shoes. Frank knows what he's doing! Nothing dry or chewy about his bbq. First time ever trying Boudin balls...amazing...Gr8 dipping sauce, too.  LOVE the Collard Greens...wish I could get a quart container. The Cajun Corn, Chicken Jambalya & Dirty Rice are also delicious sides.To top off your meal, you MUST try the Peach Cobbler...served nice and warm. Next time I may put a li'l vanilla ice cream atop...I can die and go to heaven then ;-)
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,6/13/2014,42,56,5,7,3>If Common Quarter has my heart, Seed has my #%¥.You could come here for a sandwich, but then again, why would you.  You might leave 4 stars, leave mostly satisfied, and move on.  Friends, this is not a sandwich restaurant.  (Though I'm sure they're all reasonably good.)  If your server says "special" it's not the 5 day old fish they are trying to sell out.  It's a real inspiration.  I had the NC caught flounder, and it was certainly inspirational in every sense of he word. A perfect filet, with just enough mild pink in the center to let you know the chef refuses to send out anything overdone.The flavors are rich, but bright with Chef Doug's global influences.  Be prepared to be unprepared - pleasantly surprised by traditional comfort flavors with a spin only a mad genius could dream up.Perfect.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,6/12/2014,67,105,1,10,4>Ok lets start this. 1. go here. 2. Ask for Garrison Majors.  3. Answer his questions and listen to his suggestions.  4. Sign paperwork and Drive Home Happy. Yes its really that simple there. Ok now for the details. Yes I shopped other locations. But fact is that within 10 min of talking to Garrison.  I had the truck I wanted sitting infront of me. And it was everything I wanted. Ive purchased about 10 new vehicles in my life. And this was as easy and painless as any I have experienced.  I wont say that my entire visit was without complaints.  But I can say that over all my satisfaction level is so high with this dealership and this purchase. My own mother and father are now looking to purchase here. Trust that if I trust them enough to deal with my mother and family.  That has to say something positive.  Im hopeing that the service dept here is just as good as the sales experience.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,6/11/2014,82,163,3,6,3>Juk (porridge, congee) is a very common dish in Korea. Growing up, my mom would make me or anyone else that was sick, recovering, or anything dealing with the stomach. This place specializes in Juk dishes and I have to say, it's the only place I know in Atlanta/ITP/OTP and they do it well. They have high quality ingredient juk choices and some typical "low" quality like beef and vegetables. Why you should come here?- Experience Korean culture and food- Stomach isn't feeling well but you need to eat - or you know someone that's sick but do not have an appetite.- Want something that doesn't require much chewing- High quality juk choices like pumpkin, walnut, black sesame seed- and for those drinkers, hangover meal.Definitely come check this place out if you have not had korean juk :)They don't have that many tables and chairs. Rough estimate - about 25 max? GO GO GO GO GO!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,6/10/2014,195,325,2,8,4>My daughter had taken a comparative religion class, and advised me to visit the Temple.  Four years later, I took her advice, and as every other reviewer exclaims ... "wow!"A few tips to maximize your visit:-- Arrive early enough to experience the short, 11:15 a.m. service.  Note that men and women sit separately, directly on the marble floor. (I noticed that several parishioners brought cushions.)  If you can, leave a small donation.--If you're a first-time visitor, your initial stop should be the gift shop, to rent  the $5 recorded tour. (Someone in your party will be asked to leave their driver's license at the desk.) The tour is automated; there are sensors by each of the stops.--When you enter the Mandir, you will have to remove your shoes. There are slotted shelves for storage.  Remember:  no photography or recording devices inside! Oh... and modest attire, please.  No shorts or tank tops.-- For those with physical limitations, there are steps to climb.  (You may want to call first to see if there is an elevator, of which I didn't take note.)-- Poke around the gift shop when you return the tour equipment.  You'll find books, Interesting herbs, soaps, food and art, all well-priced.  The incense that my daughter bought 4 years ago is still pungent.  (A woman told me that she regularly drives here from Raleigh NC to purchase  herbal supplements -- which I actually ended up buying, too!)  -- Before leaving, take a few minutes to sit quietly and reflect, at the meditation pool.You'll find that volunteers throughout the Temple are friendly, and encourage questions. Hindu culture embraces diversity. Regardless of your belief system, you will feel welcome.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,6/9/2014,115,262,,5,2>Staff was super friendly, especially the manager on duty. He seemed to really enjoy interacting with his customers. A couple came in who looked nervous and unsure of what to order. After standing in line for a minute or two, they were about to head back out without food. He caught them before leaving and coaxed them back inside, offering samples and an explanation of the menu.The food was good. Not the most amazing fried chicken I've ever had, but definitely a great fast food meal. I would take Pollo Campero over McDonald's or any of the other burger joints any day. The fried chicken definitely has a different flair than the usual southern style, and the batter used to coat the chicken tasted slightly sweet to me. I had a combo (two chicken legs and a thigh) with yucca fries and a Jamaica drink (hibiscus tea). My husband also had a chicken combo, with a side of beans instead of yucca. The beans were great. I liked the yucca fries, but next time I'm getting the beans. They offered a variety of salsas and fixins for your meal (jalapenos, etc). I especially liked the spicy green tomatillo salsa. I'm a sucker for green salsa in general, though!Pollo Campero serves good fast food, but the super friendly staff is what truly makes them shine.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,6/8/2014,22,75,2,5,2>Hop, skip, and a jump away from home and I found myself at South City Kitchen on my birthday.  I've heard nothing but good things about this location from co-worker who also lives in the Smyrna/Vinings/Smyings area.  I wanted some Southern food with a twist.  Ask and you shall receive.However, I didn't ask each and every person who works there to tell me the fried chicken was voted best in Cobb County.  This irked me.  C'mon guys, I'm getting the GD chicken, don't hype it up.  You're scaring me.Anyway...We munched on a little bit of corn bread and biscuits which were spot on.  We started off with the Gouda Fritters.  Basically a high end fried cheese ball, it is what it is but the fact that they served it with a spicy honey made my taste buds dance with delight!  So wonderful the combination.  I said to my husband, "Man, that honey would taste wonderful with these biscuits."Before I can even say the word biscuits to my husband, our very efficient waiter carried our empty fritter plate away, honey and all.  My taste buds died a little.No matter, we both ordered the chicken.  Rest assured, this is the best fried chicken in Cobb County no matter how many times they tell you.  Juicy, crunchy fried chicken atop a bed of smashed potatoes and greens.  That's what the doctor ordered for my birthday and that's what I got.After stuffing my face silly, I was in no mood for dessert.  However, since it was my birthday, they did throw in a piece of cake which I took home.  It was a chocolate cake with toasted whipped topping (almost looked like marshmallow).  Very delicious, but my heart desires their banana pudding.  Someday, it will be mine.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,6/7/2014,489,857,7,8,7>Their menu looks simple. At first, I didn't like how simple the menu looked. All of the entrees looked boring to me. I have heard that their Yukgaejang was good, but I'm not a fan of Yukgaejang But since I heard so much about it, I decided to try their Yukgaejang Kal Guk Su. It is their hand cut noodles in their spicy, beef stew. I loved their broth. It was deep, rich and thick. I must have had some crappy Yukgaejangs in my time because this one was different from the other places'. It is probably one of the best Yukgaejangs I've tasted. The noodles inside the Yukgaejang added a lot to the dish. I loved it. However, I do miss the rice too. If you order the plain Yukgaejang, you get rice, and it's equally good with the rice. I don't know which version I can choose. If you want rice, go for the plain one. If you want it with some hand made noodles, go with the one with the noodles. I also tried their Kimchi stew. It was great as well. It came with some dduks in it. I thought that was a nice surprise. Even with their simple menu and unassuming look, this place looks like a winner. They serve authentic, feel-good, comfort Korean food. And yes, they use my name as their restaurant name. How can they go wrong? So remember: go to this restaurant with my name in it, and order the dish with my name on it (Yukgaejang).
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,6/6/2014,336,485,2,7,6>This place is a true gem. I am beyond thankful for the friends that led me here. It is relatively hidden in a small shopping plaza, and it is a must try! I LOVE fruits with the chili powder that is more predominant to the Latin countries, and I love mangos! So, when I heard about this place that makes homemade mango ice cream with the chili powder, I was instantly sold. A few of my friends have already made stops here on the way to the shop, and last night, was our turn. BF and I stopped by to pick up 5 mango chamoyadas, and it being my first time, was not a disappointment. The mango chamoyadas had the right amount of sweetness, chili powder, and chunks of mango that would satisfy any mango/ice cream lover. BF plans to try their Guava chamoyadas next time. For $3.99, it is a true steal. This place will be a regular spot of us!They tend to get VERY busy, so plan to wait in line at times. Despite the wait, it is BEYOND worth it! :D
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,6/5/2014,19,109,1,18,4>I didn't want to like this place as much as I do because  it just wasn't my idea of a spa in the traditional Burke Williams sense of the word. But I have to say, once I got over the way it was set up and the simplicity of it all - nothing fancy, just a whole lot of naked ladies walking around trying to get the impurities/kinks out and relax - I was like, "this is pretty cool."  It's hard to explain because you pay $25 bucks at the door, get your "spa uniform" and enter the ladies side of the facility (yes, there's also a men's side). You purchase certain treatments a la carte, but a lot is included for the $25 fee.  I got the coal scrub and it was amazing!The experience can be as private or as communal as you want it to be. It can be as fun and silly or as spiritual and peaceful as you want it to be.  There is an experience here for anyone who is open to this bath house style spa.  If you're conservative...afraid of germs...don't like to see random naked bodies...need lots of privacy...this place is not for you.  This is the first bath house type spa I've been to so I don't have anything to compare it too so I thought 4 stars was sufficient.  Once I check out another one I may revise my rating.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,6/4/2014,94,102,1,10,5>I had a great experience here when I visited on a Thursday night after work with two of my girlfriends.I was expecting it to be packed with the after work rush but even so we were greeted and immediately seated to be serviced. They have an express manicure/pedicure combo which is really reasonably priced - $10 for the manicure/$20 for the pedicure.I was amazed that even though it was busy, all three of us were able to get our hands and feet done at the same time. There were tons of color choices to choose from and lots of Essie (my favorite brand). The nail techs were both very pleasant and kind. It is a business so of course they're going to try to sell you on the gel manicures but they weren't pushy and overly aggressive.Three things that were awesome: First - they have a menu of services that they give you when you first sit down so you know exactly what you're getting and what the cost is. Second - if you go on their website you can get 20% off your services if you are a first time guest. Way to save! Third - they have you pick your own unopened tools/foot scrubber from packets at the front which means you aren't having to share with people who have visited before you. Yay sanitary practices!A few negative things: First - they didn't have any TVs to watch or magazines to read while you were in the chair. Wasn't a huge setback for me since I was talking with friends but I could see how it would be difficult if you went alone. Second - there is only one small nail drying table in the corner so if multiple people finish at the same time you may not get a seat.Not quite a week later my nails still look great; I will definitely be back when it's time to update them!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,6/3/2014,70,148,,6,3>I decided to finally try this place for brunch without a reservation on Easter Sunday. I thought it would be impossible to get a table, but we were told that they had a two-top available on the patio if we didn't mind eating outside. WOOHOO. The tiny patio only has 3 tables, but it was perfect for us. As we walked through the restaurant, I was really surprise by the size of it. THIS PLACE IS MASSIVE, which made the tiny patio almost comical. Our waitress was very attentive and gave just enough chitchat to make us feel like we weren't banished to the outdoors. I had their stuffed French toast with peaches and cream cheese and it was AMAZING. I definitely look forward to coming back in the evening to try them out for dinner and to sit inside. I think I'll go back on a Wednesday when they offer 1/2 off bottles of wine. The wall of wine was impressive and I'd like to help take a chunk out of it.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,6/2/2014,109,364,2,5,4>Played  here on a company tournament on a picture perfect early spring day. Sunny skies and 70 degrees all day!They call it Bears Best because it features the best holes designed by golf legend Jack Nicklaus. Course conditions are great.  Well marked holes, tee boxes are clean and level, fairways are green and kept, greens are smooth putting, traps with fluffy sand, cart path is smooth, grounds are pretty.  Service is awesome from check in to starter to marshalls.. they will keep  you moving thru the course in good pace.Its gonna cost a pretty penny to play 18 here but very worth it.I would play more often if not for the long drive to this place. If you already live up north on 85, this is a great place to play.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,6/1/2014,148,167,,10,2>I don't know what it is, but there's something cool about this shop that keeps me and my friend coming back.  I've been frequenting Dr No's for sometime now and I always like coming here and checking out the comic books or the old manga they have.  I haven't found one particular comic book series that I like, but from time to time I'll buy a random comic.  The store is nice and tidy when we go.  I don't go anywhere near the games so I can't say anything about those.  I usually get a kick out of the political comic books I see... I've seen ones ranging from Hilary Clinton to Barack Obama...  Maybe it's just me who finds them odd.  But I just like looking around at everything while my friend is buying a couple of comics.  The staff is helpful if you have questions and there's plenty of parking as Dr. No's is located in an old shopping center.  They also carry older manga series, but some have been faded by the sun or they're a really incomplete series so you take what you get in that aspect.  But this is definitely one of my favorite comic book shops and I will continue to come back as long as I remain a geek...
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,5/31/2014,117,75,7,11,8>Despite its name that makes sense in retrospect, I had no clue what Five Below was. For whatever reason, maybe because of its logo and/or colors, I thought it was a girls' store like Clarie's. What it really is is a premium dollar store, the Target of dollar stores, if you will. Many things are still priced at or under a dollar though!It's difficult to describe what this store sells. I suppose it's a general store. A general store with a ton of Made In China crap that probably won't last a year, but each item is still worth every penny (0-500) you spend. Among the products they sell are stuffed animals, phone accessories, gag gifts, holiday-themed items, exercise items, and toys, but what always draws me in is their impressive candy selection.In the candy aisles, they have virtually every kind of candy you could want. I usually gravitate toward the Haribo bags, Airheads, and the 4-for-$1 and 10-for-$1 sections. The #-for-$1 sections allow you to mix and match various candies to your decaying teeth's content. The candy is right next to the soda refrigerator, so if you have kids, maybe don't ever bring them to this store.Now that I know what Five Below is, I'll be back for silly little gifts, themed party items, and candy. Lots of candy.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,5/30/2014,27,177,1,5,3>I'm a big fan of Rumi's for both lunch and dinner - I'm very close to going 5-stars here, and I don't give out 5-stars very often.  Service is consistently good (personable, attentive, and knowledgable), the atmosphere is amongst the best of any restaurant in Atlanta, and the food is excellent, especially the meats. Details:-Chinjeh Beef Sirloin - as much as I like to try a variety of things, this is what I've gotten the last few times because it's so friggin good. Perfectly cooked, tender steak with a flavorful marinade that isn't too overpowering. -Koobideh - koobideh is one of those things that, even when it's bad, it's still pretty good (it's basically seasoned ground beef).  At Rumi's, it's better than most. -Flat bread - I don't know what makes it different, but their flat bread is amongst the best I've had. -Homemade sodas - a touch sweeter than I'd prefer, but I still order one every time. -Hummus - good, but not standout.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,5/29/2014,46,128,,7,2>Simple and authentic.My husband and I are huge Mexican food lovers. We have experienced all varieties -  "fresh and healthy", the food truck, the hole in the wall and the supposedly gourmet. So being new to the Smyrna area, I looked to the OTP Yelpers to point me in the right direction of taco heaven. Admittedly, I couldn't help but cringe when I saw the tiny drive through building that used to be who knows what before Taco T. Then I reminded myself not to judge a book by its cover, and of course I was pleasantly surprised to find that I could easily become a regular at Taco T's. My husband had a sampling of three meat filled tacos and loved them all. He especially liked the taco shells. My Dad was with us, and had three beef tacos that disappeared rather quickly. I ordered a vegetarian burrito and a horchata. The burrito had the typical fillings of rice, re-fried beans and veggies, but it  was a big portion and absolutely scrumptious! There were also free refills on the horchata - bonus! The prices and food were great, and I'd honestly rather go through their drive-thru any day rather than Taco Bells. My husband has already suggested Taco T's again for dinner and we haven't been in Smyrna for two whole weeks yet. Great suggestion Yelpers! We'll be back for sure.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,5/28/2014,81,191,1,9,3>For a mom and pop Italian restaurant, this place is really really good. Everything about this restaurant is great. From the owner to the staff to the food to the ambiance.  Everything is great. The decor seems very classy and gives you that intimate feeling. From the moment you walk in, there is live music (in the evenings at least) with a greeting by a friendly staff member or even the owner - Mario. The food - amazing! It starts off with garlic rolls. The garlic rolls are soft and absolutely delicious. Perfectly baked! Next is a soup or salad. Naturally, I opt for the soup. The seafood bisque has a little spice to it and tastes absolutely amazing. (The soup may change on a day to day basis). The seafood bisque is full of flavor and not too heavy. I would come here just for the soup! That's how good it is. It has shrimp and lobster and who knows what else. I've been here several times but I will tell you about the different entrees I've had. The Bass Michelle. My goodness. I have never had Bass before but it was amazing. The Bass Michelle has bass with sauteed shrimp, crab meat, in a creamy white sauce, served with risotto. Absolutely 100% delicious. The bass is light and flaky, the shrimp and crab meat to die for. Full of flavor. The next time I came, I had La Nonna's Frutti di Mare - Shrimp, calamari, clams sauteed in garlic and simmered in a white wine and marinara sauce, served over linguine. Just as good as the last dish. Full of flavor. Worth trying.If you really want to pick one and try, go for the Bass Michelle.Dessert - I've tried the Lava Cake. It's light and delicious. Even if you think you don't have room to eat anymore, I promise you can and will once you take a bite of this. You have to try this. If you decide you're going to pass on this place after reading this review, you are missing out!
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,5/27/2014,108,284,,6,4>I wish I would think about going to The Forum more frequently but I just don't. It's an "outdoor mall" and located in Norcross off Peachtree Parkway. It has grown a lot since I first visited it a decade ago. I used to go there to get my haircut at Van Michael. (I would still continue to go there if my childhood friend didn't move back to Atlanta, just saying). Since then, it has grown a lot, adding a few strips on the southern most part of the strip, from Trader Joe's to Gigi's Cupcakes. Even if you don't plan to do any shopping, on a bright, beautiful sunny day, it's worth a walk just to get your exercise in.Other stores I visit are Belk, Old Navy, Victoria's Secret, Ulta, Books A Million, Claire's - just a few. There's also a yummy Italian ice cream shop called  Peterbrooke Chocolatier. There's also Yogurt Land. For places to eat, you have Thai Spice, Jason's Deli, Chipolte, J Alexander's and more!The parking is one way and can be frustrating but there is parking also in the back of the stores.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,5/26/2014,151,91,8,4,3>Hello, my name is Jamie, and I am afflicted with a lifelong addiction to doughnuts.So, I'm driving down Satellite Boulevard and see Sara Doughnuts, and without much hesitation I whip the car into a parking spot in front of the store. The building and interior is nice and clean, but there's nothing very glitzy or impressive to speak of are my first thoughts. Donut shop rule 1- never let store appearance deter you away from trying a shop's doughnuts.Following rule 1, I begin to focus on the doughnuts behind the glass, and my inner kid begins to rev up. I ordered up three for my splurge; red velvet, fritter, and a standard glazed. These doughnuts are good!If you like doughnuts (and we all know that you do), try this place out ASAP!
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,5/25/2014,85,207,2,9,5>I finally arrive here! This is a venue I've had on my radar for awhile, its kind of a haul from where I live, but it was well worth the drive on a Fri evening. Myself and 3 friends joined to see the performance of Days Ahead, they are a great band and have performed locally in Atlanta for awhile.I was delighted with the Velvet Note and its quaintness. A very small and intimate establishment with the best acoustics I've heard in any venue in Atlanta, and I've been to a few for live entertainment. Ms Tamara is the hostess/owner and is very knowledgeable in the category of jazz. The Velvet Note is tucked away in a small strip mall off Old Milton Pkwy, parking in a private lot. Tickets for most performances are available on the website, not sure if its smart to simply show at the door as the Note can fill to capacity quickly depending on the artist performing.I noted Ms Tamara mentioned Christian McBride and Diane Schuur were among up and coming guests. The door man was a delight with a warm and funny personality. The wait staff is small, usually one of two,  truly all that's needed. The Velvet Note is dimly lit and curiously quiet during intermission and prior to performances. You will spend approx. $50 and up per person but the food and drink variety is pretty good considering the size of the establishment. This is a nice date spot ;-)I would love to return sometime in the near future as Velvet Note 's bookings are right in step with modern jazz and beyond, especially if you're a jazz junkie such as myself.....Make plans, check the website and come out for a visit...its worth your evening after a long work day.....
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,5/24/2014,113,370,2,4,2>It's eminent for the best dining experience to have a bottle of good wine and a damn good steak. No, I'm not a cheap date, but I'll be the best of company you'll ever have when the those criteria's are met. :)This was my first time here, most of the restaurants were superficially packed on a Saturday night and didn't want to seat 3 starving chicks. Thanks to my yelp app, The Capital Grille was the first one and within distance and readily available to seat us!!! That itself, was 5 stars worthy. They were super friendly on the phone and made  it very welcoming when we got there. We got seated right away; they weren't super busy so it was nice. I really enjoy quiet dining so that we don't have to shout in our conversations.First thing first, we ordered a bottle of Riesling and I have to say that it was amazing. It was nice and light, not too sweet and a friend. You know it's a good wine when you start feeling good and the laughing gets louder and longer...We ordered the following: Calamari with Peppers for starter. I liked the flavor of the calamari, but it didn't come with a dipping sauce so it didn't feel complete. I wish it was a little extra crispy and I could definitely do without the peppers. I think that's what keeping the calamari from being crispy.I split the 22 oz. Porcini Rubbed Delmonico with a friend and we got a side of truffle fries. OMG, that's one of the best steak I've eaten in a long time. It was cooked to perfection at medium. I normally eat my steak medium rare but I think I made the right choice by going medium on it. I like the burnt ends with that aromatic from the porcini rub - makes my palate super happy. That 12-year aged balsamic gives that sweet caramelized taste in every bite. I highly recommend this. The truffle fries is so and so... I wan't a fan. It just taste like french fries, I didn't get so much of the truffle oil - it just didn't harmonized well.The creamed corn was very delicious. I like that there's still a sweet crunch to it after being cooked in cream. I love texture in my food so it was a nice side dish to my steak. Let me talk about their bread basket and butter. I think I ate half a load by myself because I couldn't get enough of their sweet cream butter sprinkled with fleur del sel salt. Who knew it would taste so amazing for something so simple? Although fleur del sel isn't a typical condiment in a normal pantry... it is in mine. :) Now I know how to fancy up my butter! Their assorted bread were pretty amazing but my favorite has to be the pumpernickel with raisins? I asked to take home some and they gave me half a loaf. HUGS!We had such a wonderful dining experience here and I can't wait to come back. My mouth is still watering from their aged steaks and butter. I can't wait to try other specialties on their menu. The service was great and the ambiance was perfect. It wasn't too dim so we were able to see our perfectly cooked steaks. Happy!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,5/23/2014,105,142,10,12,6>My friend and I found this place by accident. We were wanting to eat at an Italian restaurant, but found this place instead. At first, I wasn't sure if I wanted to eat here, because it was country-style food and it was a buffet.. meaning.. "TIME TO GET FAT".. hahahaha!! My friend looked it up on Yelp on her phone and told me that there were several reviews but not enough reviews.. but the place got 3 stars.. so it was decent.I figured.. why not! Since I didn't want her to continue driving around and around.. since gas prices also went up.The front side of the restaurant doesn't look appealing at all.. look like another Asian style buffet restaurant.. boy was I wrong!As we entered the restaurant, the layout was very homey-like (is that even a word?) and I felt really comfortable when they hostess greeted us with a smile and I think she was trying to be funny, too, but my friend and I heard a voice greeting us but we couldn't see her.. then POP! out of nowhere.. there is was! With a nice friendly greeting and smile! I liked that a lot!! I like friendly people.. anyways, the food was fresh, but I wouldn't recommend getting the lean pork chop (was labeled Pork Chop), because it was really dry. I think that's about it.. just the pork chop was disappointing, because I usually like any style of pork chop. The cheese grits tasted soooooo delicious, then it tasted super delicious when I added black pepper to it! YUM-O!!!There isn't a very large selection of food but that's fine by me. I don't eat much anyways.The salad bar was very fresh as well!!Hands down to this place.. seriously! They also have desserts, but I'm not really a sweets person anymore.If you ever eat here, then please write a review for the desserts.. I'd really like to know! Thanks in advance!! Teehee!!!Our waiter, J.J. was very friendly and funny! He was attentive and was always there whenever we needed him. All you can eat buffet for $7.54 + tax which came up to a total of $8.And if you're a vegetarian or a vegan, then you can eat at the salad bar for $5 and it's also including coffee, green tea, unsweetened tea and sweet tea. Other soft drink beverages costs a little bit more, though, but I wouldn't know, because I order any.Oh oh.. and the regular buffet also includes the coffee, green tea, unsweetened tea and sweet tea. Fair warning, though.. the sweet tea is super sweet, so you may want to mix unsweetened tea and sweet tea together.. maybe half and half? I'm going to get that on my next visit.The cashier lady was very nice as well. She was on the phone but told whoever she was on the phone with to hold on, because my friend needed to pay for our food and go. So it was a very good dinner!**NOTE: Also, every day has a different set of food (different food every day). Today was a Wednesday and they served fried catfish. I would highly recommend the fried catfish, because it tasted real fresh and there a good amount of batter and it was very crispy. I liked the crunch in it! Another thing, they are always closed on Mondays.That's about it!! Thanks for taking your time to read my review!!I hope you guys enjoy it, too!!
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,5/22/2014,24,70,3,7,5>Oh, what delightful cheesiness!In a cynical world and as a self-avowed more cynical than average person in that cynical world, it is on occasion a wonderful relief to be privy to that which is self-consciously cheesy, doesn't take itself seriously and makes no pretensions on providing any sort of self-aggrandizing social commentary. That's what Medieval Times is and what makes it great. Medieval Times is located in the Sugarloaf Mills Mall (formerly Discover Mills). It's usually best to make reservations online or over the phone then pick up your tickets at the box office to ensure you have a table. The lobby area is pretty cool. There is a huge fireplace to the left, a gift shop, an enclosure for a beautiful Eurasian Eagle Owl and a bar that has the basics. The drinks are slightly above average in price - $7 for a 6 oz. glass of very average wine or a 16 oz domestic beer, for example. I understand that since Medieval Times is running a dinner show, a standard menu is easier to serve, and perhaps necessary considering a large audience, but I do wish there was more variety to choose from. Having said that, what you get is actually pretty good. Tomato soup is the appetizer, which I don't eat. This is followed by roasted chicken, a spare rib and what another reviewer described as a giant french fry. All of these are quite good, the portions are large and you won't leave hungry.The show itself is entertaining and self-consciously cheesy. You'll be assigned to a certain knight's section - red, green, blue, yellow, etc. It starts off with a horse show and display of falconry, and then the King commences a tournament. I will say that unless I'm going hard of hearing, some of the dialogue between the characters can, at times, be difficult to discern. But, nothing incredibly complex is happening - this isn't Game of Thrones. There's a tournament. Then an evil knight comes down from the North and wants to snatch away the Princess and marry her. Then there's some jousting and fighting. Then someone kills the evil knight. The black and white knight won when we saw the show, but I'm sure they rotate the victor from time-to-time. The choreography isn't perfect, but given the constraints of budgets, time and the fact that this is a live action show, they do a pretty good job. Medieval Times doesn't take itself too seriously, and if you don't either you'll have a wonderful time. All-in-all, it makes for a great evening. Pros: Fun show, great time.Cons: The entire thing can be quite expensive. It's about $50 a ticket plus drinks plus tips for your server.Verdict: Recommended.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,5/21/2014,180,306,4,10,7>They're family and they're cooking, bleu houses oh so prettyThey're all together dreamy, the Adams Family.Their houses are now restaurants, where people come to dine-inThey really are self taught the Adams FamilySo get your butt on over, a short drive out the PerimeterWe're going to go a noshing with the Adams Family.The second of the Bleu Houses in Norcross, this one comes to us from Nicole Adams, daughter of John and Maureen who founded the original Bleu House Cafe. The Market is a step up from the Cafe and has a certain Provisions style eatery to it. From the smoked meats, delectable sides, or themed sandwiches, everything here will excite the tastebuds.Location is easy to find, parking available at the restaurant or on streets around. Lunch business is BOOMING and with very good reason.The interior is very comfortable and both Bleu Houses were originally family homes belonging to the Adams, the market being Nicole's grandfather's home. A mix of two tops and four tops, it really has a small town feel with big city tastes.Had a chance to chat with Nicole and her chef when we were there, sampling our way through some of the daily specials and delicacies. I'm a macaron freak, and loved the keylime Nicole was dishing out that day.Love to see the revival Norcross is experiencing similar to other OTP cities full of charm like Roswell and Alpharetta.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,5/20/2014,99,106,3,9,5>Oh my! I really like Rita's! The italian ices reminds me of my childhood. Very light, slushy almost. The flavors are pretty extensive. The pina colada is so good! The also use real fruits! A definite plus! The creamy frozen custards are one of the best I've ever had. It's very rich, creamy, smooth. Just all in all, delicious! It's pretty spacious inside, which is nice. The employees are very friendly & very patient with those who have trouble deciding on a flavor. I was very satisfied with my experience. My husband loved his coffee custard, & my daughter and I loved our ices. Overall pleased & would most definitely revisit.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,5/19/2014,77,600,,7,5>I've watched as they've been building this location out to be a nail salon, since I'm at the Starbucks next door 5-6 times a week. I was excited to try them, since I haven't been able to find a good nail salon near my new casa. First, they have more gel colors than any salon I've been to. They also have the Perfect Match gel colors that have the exact match regular polish for my toes. Love this. The woman who did my pedicure was excellent! It felt like this woman really knew feet...like she's studied them, not just knew the motions of a pedicure. It was fantastic. The owner told me that they also have a special organic pedicure that comes with a paraffin dip and a glass of wine. I didn't think I should indulge at 10:30 in the morning, so I opted for the regular pedicure, but plan to come back for that special one some day after work. We had a little issue with the gel color on my fingernails, but they fixed it and told me if I had any issues with it I could come back and they would redo them for me. Great service!The owner also told me that she wants her shop to be more like a spa than a typical nail salon - and it definitely didn't feel like the typical grungy shopping center nail place. Everything is brand new, super clean and well organized. Hopefully it stays that way. Oh, and the prices are reasonable - similar to any other place in the area. I think I found my new nail salon!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,5/18/2014,328,633,9,16,6>"Let me show you how this is done. First thing, hold the glass up and examine the wine against the light. You're looking for color and clarity. Just, get a sense of it. OK? Uhh, thick? Thin? Watery? Syrupy? OK? Alright. Now, tip it. What you're doing here is checking for color density as it thins out towards the rim. Uhh, that's gonna tell you how old it is, among other things. It's usually more important with reds. OK? Now, stick your nose in it. Don't be shy, really get your nose in there. Mmm... a little citrus... maybe some strawberry..." -- Sideways (2004)I think I might hit the character limit of this review by just listing all the dishes we ordered - it was that kind of evening. The perfect spot for a ladies night, or even a date night. What a gorgeous spot!  Not even the least bit pretentious, Stem offers the same kind of upscale refinery yet laid back environment of its counterpart Seed (a personal favorite) next door.  We were welcomed and treated like family when we walked in the door and immediate accommodated when we explained there would be 6 of us.  Quickly two tables were put together and our server, David came to explain the menus to us.Almost immediately, we orders half of the food menu and David managed to keep it all in his head like some kind of savant (not a single item was missed) and he was quick to make sure my tree nut allergy was handled and well communicated to the head chef.  Next up - drinks.  I selected the flight of Spanish reds (as I am typically a fan) and I was not disappointed.  Very soon, our food was delivered in a symphony of plates of gorgeous colors and smells.I could not begin to tell you the order of what came to the table - all I can do is list them out.-Warm duck confit salad - frisee with plump grapes, toasty pine nuts (a seed by the way) and more duck that should be legal anywhere.-Patatas Bravas - Turned potatoes (its a French thing) topped with a pepper sauce and some salt and past that I really cannot describe - you just have to eat them.-Salumi and cheese plate - 4 of each.  All you need to know is duck proscuitto-Proscuitto di Georgia - half order - who knew that we grew pigs in the GA that grew up to be yummy cured prozute?-French onion fondue - basically if you turned french onion soup into a super bown party dip turned up 100 notches - #forthewin-Georgia shrimp al aljillo - I think this is what its official name was. Think Shrimp Scampi served bubbling (no joke) with a bit of pepper and better than any scampi you have had in your life... oh and they will keep bringing you baguette until you have sopped up all the garlic sauce.-Chèvre stuffed Piquillo peppers - somehow I never got any of this, but not a big goat cheese fan anyway; but it looked divine.-Chorizo stuffed Medjool dates - also, wrapped in bacon. 'nuff said-Dark Chocolate Budino tart - dark chocolate pudding being held together by a delicate pastry. Not mine, but kept stealing bites.-Salted Caramel Flan - I would have eaten 3 of these if I had the room.-Valhrona Chocolate truffles with white chocolate fondue - beautifully presented and so rich and decadent.So overall, I will come back again.  I don't need to eat today, but is that a bad thing really?  David deserves a raise - not only did he take excellent care of us, but he helped answer important questions about the mail species - important opinions needed during a ladies night.  Well done, David and Stem, well done.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,5/17/2014,2,17,2,7,3>I had been wanting to try this place and finally did for my birthday lunch with co-workers.  EVERYONE raved about how great their food was and that I made a great selection on where to eat!I had the chicken and waffles. VERY good. However, if you are like me and can only tolerate so much syrup, you should ask for it on the side.  After a while it was just too much sweetness.  The greens were EXCELLENT and I am pretty picky about my collards!!Other's had things like the quarter chicken with sides.  All who had the Mac and Cheese ranted and raved about it so I had to take a bite. I see now what all the fuss was about.. that stuff was GOOD.  Also, another hit was the jalapeno coleslaw.  One co-worker enjoyed her meal so much that she just went ahead and ordered the family picnic to go for dinner that night.It does seem a little pricey, especially for lunch and being that they don't really have a lunch menu you are sort of stuck with dinner portions.  That said, two of the guys got the family picnic and split it.  It was enough food for them to still have leftovers and they each only spent $8.00. Smart move.If you are in the area you should definitely try it out!  I know I will be back for sure.. but probably for dinner.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,5/16/2014,41,27,1,6,4>Best French toast I've ever had in my life and better than anywhere on planet earth!!! We always go to J. Chrstopher's for brunch, and wanted to give Reveille a shot to try something new.  When we got there, one look at the menu showed an uncanny resemblance to our tried and true J Chris.... Turns out Reveille is an offshoot of the local chain. It was delicious and wonderful, per usual J Chris protocol. The mystic French toast is something special.  Topped with strawberries, bananas and filled with sweet creamy goodness.  I can't wait to bring my family here when they come to visit.  Would definitely recommend Reveille.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,5/15/2014,95,94,4,6,5>Stout Brothers, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways; hefeweizen, pumpkin ale, beer ice cream, bacon f-ing caramel corn (!!!). This place is the sh*t. Seriously. They have about a million different beers on tap, and if none of those strike your fancy, they have, like, a million more in bottles and cans. And, GOOD beers in cans, at that. The people who work here are awesome. They're super friendly, knowledgeable of the beers, and just good people overall. Yes, the tasters/flights cost, but it's worth it. You get enough beer in your samples, that it's basically like buying a multi-layered pint. Bring your own growlers, or buy your growlers there, they're cool with whatever. They have an awesome seasonal rotation which means they always have that perfect beer that fits what your craving. Right now, their fall beers are on tap and out of this world. They also carry the New Belgium "Lips of Faith" series that is constantly changing and always something a little out there. Pretty ballsy move to keep so many on tap, but they do, and for that, I commend them.The beer here is great and everything, but Stout Brothers also carries one of the greatest wonders of the world: Bacon Caramel Popcorn. This will revolutionize your life. It appears to come from a separate vendor, but once you get a taste of this stuff, you won't care where it came from. These guys know their stuff in terms of just tasty snacks to go with beer. They have a case of meats and cheese, and other fun things like beer ice cream. Honestly, I've tried it and it wasn't really my cup of tea, but it's kind of a cool novelty item that's fun just to try.I will say, I don't think I've ever left spending less than $50, but it was always worth it! Great beer choices, yummy snack options, great service. I will definitely be back (often).
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,5/14/2014,10,42,2,8,4>Real Cooking is what the RC stands for at RC's Southern Cooking with a Twist restaurant and that is exactly what we had. Right when we walked inside it was just as small as the other yelpers had described; 2 tables and a sitting bar. The owner, Renardo was in the back through a serving bar and I noticed he was all by himself.  I expected someone else to come out and help but nope, this is a one man show. I ordered 2 of the 3 specials of the day and was not disappointed. Renardo's food is definitely soul food and real cooking. He brought us our food and it came out steaming. (see photo) I instantly inhaled the collard greens before the roast, rice and gravy and mac&cheese. The collard greens ya'll are cooked with smoked turkey chunks, they are the-best-i've-ever-had. Speechless. The best part is that I don't feel gross after eating his food because it was real food. He told us about soul food Sunday and I am going to try that sometime soon. My husband said his meatloaf with yams and collard greens and Kool-aid was the best meal he's had in a LONG time.I asked Renardo a few questions;* How did you learn how to cook? He said his grandmother had a big part in it as well as his mom and going to school. * I asked him if he could teach me and he laughed and said he could teach me a few things. (I might try to take him up on that!)* Are you the only one working here? yes ma'am. cooking, baking, cleaning, etc. (wow!)* When do you start cooking for Soul Food Sunday? He said around 800am and he cooks about 4-5 meats, lots of sides and desserts too. (He was making a cake when we were leaving. See photo.) * Then of course, I asked if I could take a picture for yelp and I think he was surprised but said thank you, was polite with yes ma'ams and honestly made me just want to skip going back to work and hangout with him for the rest of the day. Ya'll should definitely try this place out mmm'kay. I'll definitely be back- because most days call for some soul food.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,5/13/2014,107,128,2,22,6>I've been sitting on this for a couple of days and feel confident with my decision. This place used to be a Tilted Kilt, which was open for a short amount of time (I want to say less than 2 years), and then closed down. Now it's a hibachi/Chinese/sushi buffet. I've heard good things so far about this place and the parking lot always looks full every time I pass, so the husband and I decided to give this place a try this past weekend. We were running errands and this place seemed perfect for lunch.At first, I was really turned off by their prices. Sweet Tomatoes and Golden Corral are both cheaper than this place. But, we were already there and starving, so we paid $15.85/each. The inside of the restaurant is completely redone. The patio is completely closed off now. The only remnant left that I recognized was the lighting (in addition to the new lighting they installed). The middle of the restaurant, where the bar used to be, is the buffet area. It's very easy to navigate, with a square-area of food. There is no front/end of the line, it's just pick as you go. In just sushi alone, I got my money's worth. I only remember a handful of sushi I ate, but it didn't take long for me to forget the name and just stack my plate with sushi. I do recall the basics, California roll, shrimp, tuna, salmon and Philly rolls. I had some tempura rolls, too. The sushi was fresh, despite my initial fear that the food wouldn't be served up to par with the health code. Our server gave us a little hint - the pricey, most elaborate sushi is on the far-left of the buffet. A single piece of sushi would be $4 normally, so eating 4 of them alone would get your money's worth.In addition to the sushi, I had lo mein, fried rice, Kung Pao chicken, asparagus wrapped in some sort of beef, dumplings and crab ragoons. You can get meats with veggies, or just veggies alone. The quality is above your average take-out and on par with the authenticity found on BuHi. There's an area in the buffet for fresh-made hibachi. You pick your meats and veggies, and they'll cook the food right in front of you. He got steak, chicken and shrimp with some veggies. A normal hibachi place would charge $15+ for one person, and for the same price it's AYCE here. Needless to say, he was very happy. His second plate with sesame chicken, fried rice, dumplings, ragoons and tempera veggies. There is also gourmet desserts served in PERFECT, tiny squares. I fell in love with their coffee cake. There is fresh fruit, sauces and salads on hand, too. I'm sure even the pickiest of eaters could find something to eat here. The place is very clean in both the seating and buffet areas. Our drinks were promptly served and our server was on hand to answer any questions we had (that's how we found out about the expensive sushi). He mentioned that this is the first and only Tokyo Bay in GA, and there's others in Miami and on the West coast. He also said that the dinner fare is more expensive ($22ish/person) because they have AYCE crab legs and other more expensive items. Like any buffet (see my Sweet Tomatoes review), I ate until I hated myself. In total, I had three plates. The first place was sushi, second and third were a mix of everything. Plus I stole my husband's coffee cake off this plate. Don't let the price turn you away from this good experience. You won't regret it.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,5/12/2014,467,559,4,11,8>"I owe it all to little chocolate donuts." John BelushiDavinci's Donuts is the newest donut shop in Alpharetta, and it approaches donuts in a unique way. You have the regular suspects such as vanilla sprinkles and classic powdered, then the popular new entries such as s'mores, salted caramel, and Oreo, and a few special ones like fruity pebbles and sherbet. What makes Davinci's unique, however, is they have set it up so you can create your own donut. You can pick icing, toppings etc. Its pretty cool to be able to customize a donut and release the donut artist within!The donuts themselves are small, and are dense, more in the style of a cake doughnut.My tastes run more to the lighter style, so I wouldn't say these were my favorite donuts, but they are good, and for those that like a less sweet, cake donut, these are probably perfect. The donuts are being made right at the counter, so there is no doubt you are getting fresh product.Today was opening day for this family business. The owners were there to meet, greet, and of course to make the donuts. For being the first day, I was very impressed with the shop, and look forward to coming back. I drive by here often, so I am sure I will be back to create my own donut masterpiece!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,5/11/2014,83,162,3,23,13>I've written numerous tips on Bombay Flames, but I do want to cover it in a formal review as well.  Realize, please: this is not just a token 5-star rating; this REALLY IS as good as Indian food gets.My husband and I first visited Bombay Flames in February of last year, and we were impressed right out of the gate (as my tips reflect). Since then, I've eaten other Indian food in this area, in Atlanta, and in other cities, yet nothing, I mean NOTHING, surpasses the food here.Always fresh.  Always good.  I've NEVER had a menu item I didn't like or that wasn't perfectly prepared.  My favorite, as I've said, is the goat korma.  It's a slice of heaven, but it isn't on the lunch buffet - you'll have to visit at dinner time to get it.  The lunch buffet is currently $6.99, and it's got as much variety and flavor as you could possibly hope to find in one place. It's also well-tended. You won't find any sloppiness in the way this eatery is run, and the buffet is no exception.  Always clean, always neatly presented, and always fantastic.The owner (Chef Sandeep Singh) is so friendly and always willing to educate when we have questions about the food and its origins.  Awesome background, read about him here: bombayflames.com/about.h.  Always happy to see us when we come in the door, we are always made to feel super welcome by everyone there.  Occasionally, I have culinary dreams about learning how to cook this incredibly appealing food, but then the reality hits me: never in a million years could I duplicate the quality and flavor that Sandeep lovingly creates in his offerings at Bombay Flames.When I consider my permanent inability to reproduce this crucial comfort food, I shed a little tear - but then I realize I can easily make up for my cursed inability - Bombay Flames is right in my back yard, so to speak, & therefore easily and frequently obtainable!  And when this lovely little realization hits me? I wipe away my tear, pick myself up, dust myself off, and head toward Bombay Flames to tuck into a little goat korma & kheer consolation for my blessedly temporary predicament :)
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,5/10/2014,15,16,2,9,5>My husband and I have a crazy love for Indian food, so when we realized that this restaurant was opening soon, we began to make plans. Serendipity allowed us to go on the first night they opened (which was a soft-opening.)tl;dr version: you should go. The food is delicious.Okay, now for the breakdown.1. The food served here is called "Bombay Street Food" which really is a very specific subtype of Indian cuisine. Some of the dishes will therefore be a little different from what one might expect of a Southern or Northern Indian restaurant, and certainly from any other Indian restaurants I'm aware of in the area. Don't be surprised if you don't see some of your favorites, or find they're done a little differently here. The food was moderately spicey, although your mileage will vary on that.2. Despite the fact they are selling faire that would authentically be sold out of a road-side cart, the decor here is the nicest I've seen at any Indian restaurant in the area -- and even nicer than some of the much more expensive places ITP. They did not skimp on the interior decorating. Color me very pleased.3. There's a banquet hall here. It's quite large. I wouldn't ever need to use such a place, but you might.4. It's located in a strip mall, but the signage makes it easy to spot, and there's likely to be plenty of parking.5. Prices range from $6-10 per al a carte entrees, with a rare dish rising higher (they have a goat brain dish that is understandably more expensive - as it should be.) Entrees came with rice and the standard tamarind and mint/cilantro chutneys.6. Family run. And I'm pretty sure we met at least two, possible three generations of the family while we were there. They were all wonderful.So apologies, I didn't take pics of the food. I was too busy inhaling it. Here's what we got:Murghi Na Farsha - This is marked as an appetiser, but don't you believe it. This is a quarter of a chicken marinated in the most glorious spices and then fried to crispy perfection. Yes, you heard me, this is Indian fried chicken, and if that doesn't send you running to Currylicious, I don't know what will.Kathi Roll - This is one of their frankies, which are delicious burrito/egg roll like carriers of awesome curried meats. This one was chicken, and also fried. (I did mention this is street food, right?) Please do use the lemon garnish they provide.Chicken Makhanwala - This is more of a traditional butter chicken/makhani style dish, and it was wonderful. Nothing you probably haven't seen before, but still very good.Pineapple Halwa - The chef gave us this just to see what we thought of it. It was a pudding of sorts made from smashed pineapple, milk curds and raisins, with a tropical taste (from the pineapple.) Less sweet than a lot of Indian desserts, and very tasty.So to summarize: Check this place out.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2013,5/9/2014,45,108,2,6,6>They don't have caffeinated unsweet iced tea.That's it.  That's the only thing I don't like about this place.Paid my first visit during our house-hunting trip to the area.  Our realtor told us the place was great.  When I saw it, I sized it up as one of those tea rooms where the sandwiches are long on buns and short on the ingredients between.True confessions:  I was way wrong.I ordered catfish Po-Boy, expecting a single, itty-bitty piece of fish and a whole lot of other stuff I cared less about.  To my surprise, it came with two--count 'em--fillets and a house-made remoullade.  It went down fast even though I'd tanked up on the crispy and perfectly salted and breaded fried pickles.  (A place with "pickle" in the name has to be good at pickles, right?)Their menu has I really really want to try the baked brie BLT, but I can't escape catfish Po-Boy orbit.  Cosmic fabulosity.On one visit, the overflow crowd forced us to sit in "the barn" out back which is, well, a barn.  And it was fun.  No barnyard funk, just privacy and no less service.One of these days I'll get around to trying another menu item. For now, I'm happy depleting the catfish population.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,5/8/2014,45,354,3,10,7>Hooray for independent coffee shops. I needed a place to kill some time and to do about an hour's worth of work, so I checked out Rev. Reasonably priced and good coffee - I just had the regular drip coffee. While I did check out some of the pastries and cookies available in their case, I didn't want to ruin my appetite for dinner. There are plenty of seats available. There are quite a few of the small tables to sit and work at, but I could see that the comfy chairs and sofas are some of the first seats to be taken even on a Friday afternoon around 5pm or so. I'll definitely come back here for coffee if i'm ever in the area and need another place to meet with friends, do some work, or to even just kill some time. The staff here is friendly and even funny when you ask them for the wi-fi password.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,5/7/2014,59,120,1,9,5>As an alternative to the coffeehouse/bakery, try Korean rice cakes!  This place is one of two Dduk cafes in Atlanta, and in my opinion a far superior one to Sweet Rice, the other establishment.  There are two main factors for this:  1) the dduk is chewier, and 2) their beverages are much better.The space is roughly divided into 2 sections, one when you walk in with several tables by the entrance, separated by a low wall housing another set of tables and the main dduk and counter area.  There are also 2 glass-walled rooms for groups.  The dduk area has a large counter space sectioned by different dduks.  It is self-service, where you pick out the rice cakes you want onto a plate and take it to cashier counter and order your drinks and cash out.  Concept therefore is exactly the same as Sweet Rice.  I find the staff are much nicer here, always smiling and greeting.The dduk has a few variations, but I like the chewy types.  Here the dduks are appropriately chewy, and not the overly soft, stick-to-your-mouth types that I dislike.  It isn't the same level as the rice cake shops, but it is pretty good.  The highlights are the Korean beverages, namely sik-hye (sweet rice beverage) and soo-jung gwa (cinnamon-persimmon drink), which appear to be handmade and not a mix.  Both are really good.  I've also had their coffee which is pretty standard, nothing spectacular.  While I think the food is 3-3.5 and the drinks are 4, I give this place a 4-star mainly because it represents a fresh alternative to the coffeehouses littered around town.  Sweet Rice is packed with people but this place is pretty empty.  I don't know why, but it has a lot of promise that needs better attention from patrons.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,5/6/2014,10,115,4,9,6>Can I get a sixth star to put up here?Just had the Lamb Shank Platter for the first time and I couldn't find the words to express how good it was. I can definitely say that it was the best meal I've ever eaten with plastic utensils, but that plate of food would not have been out of place accompanied by cloth napkins and twice the price. Come to think of it, the fact that a flimsy plastic fork was more than adequate for taking apart that large piece of bone-in meat should tell you how tender and perfectly prepared it was. And good god was it tasty!These guys can do no wrong. Except maybe the plastic utensils.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,5/5/2014,35,105,1,10,6>So I am fairly new to the Lawrenceville area since I've been working in Alpharetta for the last few years and Dunwoody before that. I've been exploring new places to eat and just discovered Goad BBQ Co.From the smells coming out of the place i had high expectation. It smells like a real traditional barbecue joint. I ordered the brisket combo. (On a side note, there are few foods i'm more particular about than brisket. I have family in Texas, they know how to cook it and that's how i like it, now back to our story.) I was not disappointed. Nice fatty ring, good smoke flavor, cut it with a fork. I got the sweet sauce, it was perfectly sweet and slightly tangy, good mix with the fantastic meat. Cowboy beans for a side and some Texas toast (plus drink) round out my combo for just over $8. I'm not sure if it gets any better than that.The service was awesome, Mike (Goad) and his wife are delightful and seem to know a good many of their customers by name. I cannot wait to go back and other things, i saw smoke meatloaf of the menu, i love meatloaf.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,5/4/2014,77,27,5,14,6>Soup Dumpling is great most especially during cold or rainy days. If you never had a soup dumpling (broth inside the dumpling), it's necessary to try! If you have savored this incredible concoction of broth and dumpling synthesized together, then you know Cafe 101 is the only venue that will accommodate in serving soup dumplings. Use to be able to go to Chef Liu but i believe she is now collaborating with Cafe 101. I had accompanied my grandparents to lunch and to my bewilderment, they have never had the pleasure of enjoying a soup dumpling. O_o Don't take any offense... have to experience it before life gets any shorter =xI'll be honest, I do not know if there is any correct fashion in eating a soup dumpling. Just open wide and devour hoping for the dumpling not to puncture. That's when you find your self with just a dumpling with out any soup inside (And the world is over).The crab soup dumpling was good but I always recommend pork for anything dumpling. can't go wrong with pork. Aside from the dumplings, I favored the pork buns (They're so good!!!) and the shrimp/pork shumai. In attempt to diversify my choices even more, we tried the spicy fish pot (might have a different title in the menu) and this dish is for those who can handle their spicy food. It's spicy! Lastly, The pork belly dish... I wasn't a big fan of the pork belly dish for it held in a little too much salt. With enough rice (balance out the salty flavor), it would be a great dish but I was too full from the dumplings ^.^ Absolutely looking forward to returning to try more dishes from their menu. The service here is incredible and they will be more than thrilled to assist you in selections.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,5/3/2014,623,717,5,6,3>I really like this place.  You see, I frequently tell people "my office is in the trunk of my car."  Of course, the reality is I'm "parking" at a coffee shop or someplace with free wifi to nosh and get some work done.  A nice coffee shop with plenty of electrical outlets, good beverages, and friendly staff is always good to find, and the folks at Copper Coin do not disappoint.  Copper Coin Coffee is BIG.  Very spacious, yet comfortable and intimate.  In the evenings the place has an open mic and is very clearly a stopping place for folks out for some evening entertainment, or a date, or just a cozy place to chill out for a while.  Drinks are made from scratch, by hand, by folks who are serious about what they serve.  But this ain't no starbucks (thank goodness).  If you're into sweet-coffee drinks, check out the White Satin Mocha or the Caramel Biancha.  They also have tea (if you're one of THOSE people).  And be sure to check out the cabinet for their current selection of baked goods.  I'll look forward to my next Copper Coin visit.  Holler if you're coming with.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,5/2/2014,228,451,,7,6>Nice little Thai spot in Lawrenceville worth visiting or getting take out from if you're in the neighborhood.  I recently had a working lunch at Thai Red Garlic and I was happy.  You can pick from one of three levels of heat:  medium, spicy, or Thai hot, and I will say for someone who has a pretty good spice tolerance, the "spicy" is actually really firey and will have you guzzling loads of water!  But it is good!  I had the red curry with tofu and brown rice and really liked it.  The complimentary salad that comes with the entrée is super yummy with a great ginger dressing.  Prices for lunch could be a little less expensive, but the quality and portion size are both on par.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,5/1/2014,518,132,6,12,16>Dough In The Box .....mixed, baked, fried, glazed and boxed my dough just right! This place was highly recommended by  friend a while back and after seeing the reviews knew I had to stop in. I know I'm not suppose to get this excited about food, but I love doughnuts! My favorites are the blueberry & apple fritters and the sour cream glazed are scrumptious.My first visit was specifically to try the blueberry fritters and I totally loved them. They were out of blueberry fritters this time around so I was forced to try a few others. 5 of the best.... 2apple fritters,  sour cream, boston cream and a buttermilk -yummy goodness. The service is great, very polite group. The place is about average for a doughnut shop, and easy to find if you're driving up Austell Rd.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,4/29/2014,120,180,1,7,6>Headed to Sandy Springs with Trader J's on my mind, stomach growling and wondered what should i eat!! Thanks to yelp, I pull up Clays sports cafe. Hmmm, Good reviews so im going for wings. Once inside i meet clay in a white collar shirt and place my order.  10 hot/Lemon pepper wings with a corona beer. He asked if i lived around there and I replied no. I placed my order, talked to Clay for a minute and told him why I was there, because of YELP. Clay said he knew about yelp, then poured my ice cold corona in a ice cold mug. I sat at a booth and waited. My order was to go, but Clay insisted that i try a wing before i left.The wings are medium size, crisp and sauced just right, it was so good i ate another. I gave him the Thumbs up and he asked what i liked most. He was very pleased and thanked me for coming so far just to try his wings.There are many things on the menu, typical bar food. Small bar but was pretty cozy. I will be back just know that!
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,4/28/2014,103,298,1,8,5>My recent visit to NOCA was as good as the first!To start, I ordered a glass of Cabernet Sauvignon, Raymond R Collection. It was a great choice.The Bruschetta was great. It is topped with strawberry, tomato, basil and feta. After that, I ordered the 14oz. grilled ribeye. It comes with fingerling potatoes and asparagus. I ordered my steak medium, it was great; tender and flavorful.  For desert, I had the blueberry cobbler. It is topped with ice cream, mint and strawberries.Service was excellent. Since my last visit there are daily specials on the menu. Check out the website for details.  On Sunday there is a special called "Sunday Supper". For $20/person the experience includes dinner rolls, a choice of soup or salad, a meat selection and a choice of three sides. I definitely plan to visit on a Monday for the $5 American Burger and also on a Thursday for the $15 whole lobster.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,4/27/2014,596,74,10,5,6>The first thing that stood out was the smell of smoke as you approach the front door.  Next is the interior.  The atmosphere is hard to describe, but it would be the perfect setting for a movie based in the 1840's south.  After looking at the menu, I wanted to order one of everything but settled for ribs with sides of mac and cheese and fries.  I also ordered smoked wings for an appetizer which may have been the best decision I've made in my life with the exception of divorcing my wife.  I actually placed two more orders to take home (wings not wives).I taste tested the sauces (house made barbecue, honey mustard, and a vinegar based sauce) and each were excellent.  The mac and cheese reminded me of what my list creating mother makes and the ribs were fall off the bone tender.  The only other observation I had was with the service.  The waiter was, by his own admission, on his second day, but you would think it was his first day speaking with other human beings.  His awkwardness was palpable and pretty funny.  I wanted to goof on him but I prefer my barbecue spit-free.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,4/26/2014,37,178,,7,4>Off to a good start in their first week, but the draft beer component will likely make or break this outpost of a quality regional chain in highly competitive East Cobb.Went to Brixx for years in Charlotte, have had multiple trips to the Greenville location, and now -- one right around the corner from me near the busy Johnson Ferry-Roswell intersection. Nice.The brand new space is open, bright, and inviting -- with lots of color and exposed brick. It is casual with just a hint of trendy -- and plenty of big screens for an almost sports bar element. Fams seem to be a target audience with the ribbon of chalk board that rings one section of the room -- and was already very popular with the elementary crowd during our early-ish dinner visit.A big focal point visually and overall is the 24-tap wall-o-beers. But until the liquor license comes through, we'll file that under Coming Soon (more on that later).The money draw, of course, is the wood-fired oven. Not gonna try to convince gas-fired NY style or Chicago-deep dish fanatics that wood-fired is better -- just do not roll in expecting heavy sauce and foldy-cheese or a cross between a pizza and a casserole. If it helps, think of this high-end flatbread with innovative, quality toppings. With that, onto the pies.The pear and gorgonzola is a long-time fave --  sliced pear, mozzarella, gorgonzola and caramelized onions topped with toasted walnuts -- and this version was done right, with big crisp and tart slices of pear a highlight on a crunchy, yet warm and not greasy crust. On this particular take, I might've dialed down the mozz a bit and jacked up the gorgonzola to help differentiate the pie's flavor profile a little, but then again I could eat gorgonzola by the handful.The rosemary chicken and mushroom -- wood-roasted chicken with fresh rosemary, mozzarella, wild mushrooms, caramelized onions -- proved to be a perfect mate for the whole wheat crust, which is really a big plus for Brixx. Their whole wheat is woody and nutty and not at all dry or plasticy, unlike some other versions I've had over the years. Yum.Sorta meh, an Americo with sliced pepperoni, mushrooms and tomato sauce -- even with some added green peppers came in at only good, not great. Just a bit flat. Might need a sharper pepperoni. More engaging, a simple shrimp and cheese pie with nice snappy, scrimps -- more fresh ingredients making the difference. Consider it an option for non-pizza fans who want that nice woody crust.Any good pie needs a nice salad compliment, and Brixx delivers, although at a price point that might be a tad high. Both the Caesar and the Brixx -- fresh spring mix with pistachios, crumbled goat cheese and croutons tossed with house-made balsamic vinaigrette dressing -- are fine starters, but at $6 ($5.95) really push the value component. Especially considering the Hearth Everyday -- organic mesclun greens, celery, carrots, kalamata olives, radishes, red bell peppers, cucumbers, red onions, seasonal tomatoes, and balsamic vinaigrette dressing -- lurks in Sandy Spring for the same price.Still, given those value concerns, considering the stated intent and Brixx' track record of featuring craft beer, the 24 taps of craft beer might give Brixx a substantial leg up in East Cobb.Pairing fresh, quality fare with the promise of Georgia craft nights with $3 pints would be a huge, huge draw -- provided that the draft offerings range far and wide of the usual Sweetwater 420 and otherwise buck distributor-driven load-ins. Or -- how many specialty torpedo kegs will Brixx load in on these nights for fans of funky GA brew? Might be a loss leader, but in terms of building a following -- cannot be beat.Like I said, still early and still a work in progress -- lotsa service training still going on right now. But that is a long-term plus and points to a high-quality, badly needed casual-crafty pizza joint option in East Cobb.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,4/25/2014,27,81,1,11,7>I am quite pleased that my husband and I chose THIS place to help celebrate our 7th Wedding Anniversary! We love going to the movies in general but this experience simply just takes the cake on so many levels! Supreme experience!  We were amazed at the size of the lobby and the little bar that awaits you after you pick up your passes near the front! The place runs like clockwork, ushering viewers into the theater in an organized manner, announcing show times, and even a screen showing you how long a movie is running and whether it's being cleaned or seating. Fantastic!   There are buttons in the restroom for service to clean. So, if the restroom is not up to snuff while you visit, give it a press and someone will be in to check on it!   The chairs you sit at are very comfortable ''office chairs''!  I was pleased with the 2 for $25 special and the 25% off wine bottle! We ate our dishes rather afford-ably and their brownie and ice cream are simply divine! It was almost hard to share! The steak tip pasta meal was very tasty.  The appetizer of the chicken nachos was ''pretty good''. It could have used just a little more chicken but a descent portion to share nonetheless.  The service of the waiters was fantastic! They always showed up in a timely manner and were even able to change my order when I'd changed my mind, though the waiter was not the same that had taken the initial order!  I recommend this place for something a little different that you and your family or friends can enjoy!  This is a dining/movie experience like no other!
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,4/24/2014,1074,989,1,7,6>This is a VERY NICE Vietnamese owned FUSION restaurant. They don't just have Vietnamese food here. I think I saw Thai and Chinese influences throughout the menu.  The menu is very big, and consisted of everything from rice dishes [com] to noodles likes pho and bun [vermicelli]. They also have spring rolls and other appetizers. FRIED TOFU [DAU HU CHIEN]I'm not even sure what it said on the menu but I had to read it 5 times before I decided this was what I was looking for. I wanted fried tofu with fish sauce. I think the menu called it TEMPURA TOFU or something. Anyway, the batter was delicious, light, and extremely hot. I loved the dish and would definitely order it again. PHO WITH SPRING ROLLAny type of pho (chicken beef shrimp tofu). The beef pho was very good.The lunch combo doesn't give you the option to just have pho. You'll get the spring roll anyway and they charge the combo price... Which I don't like much.The pho was pure and very tasty. We got it with beef to test out the place and I was very happy with it. Lots of fresh herbs and veggies accompany the pho and we inhaled the bowl. The only thing we would improve is the SOUP SPOON. Please get a deeper, more legit soup spoon. The metal ones they have barely hold any soup so we actually asked them for a plastic soup spoon and were much happier. Some things should just not be changed. Spring rolls were legit and very good. We got them with shrimp and it was fresh and light. The peanut sauce is also very good. COCONUT THAI SOUPThe soup is amazing. The coconut milk was perfect in it and it was a great soup if I was craving for some good Thai soup. You can pick the meat of your choice and I picked tofu because I already got beef broth in the pho. Also, coconut soups just taste amazing with tofu period.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,4/23/2014,162,319,3,7,5>Is it a total cop-out if I say that Five Guys serves some of the best burgers, in my opinion? Is that sacrilege? If so, I am sorry. But that is how I feel. I can't help it. Five Guys, no matter what location, consistently serves up a damn good burger.I crave burgers a lot nowadays. I blame it on my workout routine. So while Five Guys is not the healthiest option, I like it for my burger fixes.My go-to: Little Cheeseburger with lettuce, pickles, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, ketchup and mustard. Delicious.Some may complain the prices are a bit high, but I think they are fair. I mean, the "regular" size burgers actually come with two patties. And there are unlimited toppings.Fries are good too, and I don't normally care for thicker-cut fries. You can just tell that their fries are fresh. They're not too salty. Their potatoes are good quality. And yes, the portions are huge. Keep in mind that the regular size portion of fries is a mid-size cup (maybe 16 oz.?) filled with fries, plus some extra fries dumped into the paper bag. The little portion of fries is probably in an 8 or 12 oz. cup, same deal with the extra fries dumped into the paper bag. I don't even want to know what a large portion looks like. Also, I read Lindy F.'s tip that you can order the fries well done! Definitely trying that.There is also a Coke Freestyle machine so you can wash down that burger and fries with a vanilla Barq's root beer, like I did :) Not every location has the Freestyle machine, however.The decor is pretty stark white with red checkered tile along the front of the counter. It's cute and kitschy, very reminiscent of a diner. This is your place if you are in the mood for a good, greasy burger.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,4/22/2014,46,179,,8,2>I've been searching Atlanta for good sushi for years... and here it is. Best sushi I've had in Atlanta. The fish cuts are perfect, melts in your mouth. I tried the clam miso soup (yes, clam), salad with ginger dressing, seaweed salad, rainbow roll, crunchy roll, and soft shell crab roll. I paired with the stronger plum wine, which was just the right amount of sweet. Since we were here on Valentine's Day, they gave us all a free glass of mango moscato, which was delicious :) The prices were fairly reasonable compared to other sushi restaurants, and considering the quality of food, definitely worth it. Expect to pay $30+ per person. But also expect an amazing experience! My sister said she never knew sushi could taste that good ;)Be aware however, the space is small, and filled with mostly 2-toppers. There is seating at the bar as well, but this is not the best space for groups or large parties. We had a 30-45 minute wait on a Friday night/ holiday, so I'm not sure is this is the norm. One older gentleman came in and was awed at how busy it was, so it may not be as crowded at other times. Considering the small space, I would expect a wait. To round out my satiated appetite and sincere appreciation for a fine art at its best, the chefs sound a robust goodbye as we left. This Valentine's Day, I found love for sushi :)
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,4/21/2014,142,199,,6,3>I have only been to outdoor shooting ranges in the past so this indoor range was certainly a different experience for me. I greatly enjoyed it! We found this deal on Groupon which was a really good deal. It included the ear plugs, new protective glasses, the gun rental and target sheet. Be warned: you still need to pay for the ammo! If you'd like to try out a different gun, you'd need to buy ammo for that specific one but you can try as many guns as you'd like which is pretty cool. They had about 12 or so shooting lanes available and there was no wait which was nice. We got there and immediately got our stuff and lane and started shootin! It was VERY loud and if the person shot their gun next to you, you could feel it. It was very different than what I was used to for sure. It was pretty crowded and lively on that Saturday we went but you could not reserve a lane. Luckily there was no need to but people were calling in as we got our supplies and tried to reserve the lanes. The employees must hear that all day! Also, if you had any questions, there was a helpful employees in the actual shooting range room to assist you.It was definitely an interesting experience and I recommend trying it out!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,4/20/2014,91,100,3,8,5>A sandwich served on a donut? Be still my artery clogged heart!I was first introduced to the Tom + Chee concept whilst watching Shark Tank. A soup and sandwich shop that puts a spin on the traditional Tomato soup and Cheese sandwich from which they are named. When I saw they were opening up in Kennesaw (in the Bargain Mart and Floor & Decor anchored center)  I stalked their Facebook page counting down the days until I could stuff the goodness into my mouth. I had even scanned the menu and had my plan of attack - the Barbara Blue (named after Shark Tank's Barbara Corcoran who invested in Tom + Chee) - Blueberry Compote, Ham, and Brie, served on a Glazed Donut.  I had a sample of the Creamy Tomato soup and it was very good - flavorful, creamy, and hearty. Yum!The Barbara Blue was to die for. The donuts are grilled making the outside crispy while maintaining the sweetness of the glaze, combined with subtle brie and salty ham. Let's just say that I could eat three of 'em!I also ordered the Armagoetta (a sausage mixed with oats and spices) for my husband with a side of Pepperoni Pizza soup (daily special). Blueberry Blue, Bananarama, Peanut Butter Cup, and Choco Bacon Bliss sandwiches rounded out my order - Hey, I had to taste a bit of everything! The Blueberry Blue was very sweet and desert-like - with Blueberry Compote and Lemon Mascarpone, but the addition of Blue Cheese added a bite and helped temper the sweetness. The Bananarama was very good - even though it was more "simple" with Carmelized Bananas, Gouda, served on a Donut. The Choco Bacon Bliss was good but the chocolate became too runny and was quite a mess to eat. My least favorite the Peanut Butter Cup (daily special) was good but not as good as the others. I realized that other than being presented as a sandwich it tasted almost just like a peanut butter lava cake - only messier.To break it down for you they have Grilled Cheese Donut sandwiches ($3.95 - $4.95), Fancy Grilled Cheese sandwiches ($3.95 - $6.45), several sandwiches designed with Potato Chips as a topping ($4.45 - $6.45), and a Build Your Own sandwich option (starting at $3.95). Meat choices include: Turkey, Roast Beef, Chicken, Ham, Goetta, Pepperoni, and Bacon. A sampling of the bread choices: Wheat, Sourdough, Rye, and Glazed Donut. Some of the cheese choices include: Brie, Mozzarella, Gouda, Blue Cheese, and Goat Cheese. They offer three Tomato Soup variations that are made daily - Classic, Chunky Tomato Basil, and Creamy Tomato Basil as well as a Soup of the Day ($3.00/cup - $5.00/bowl). You can add a Tomato Soup to your sandwich for $2, Soup of the Day for $2.50, or Small Salad for $3.00. For those with restrictive diets they offer Gluten-Free Bread and Vegan Cheese.Next time I will try a couple of the other menu standouts - the Crunchy Garlic Chicken, and Grilled Mac + Cheese Sandwich. However, I think the Barbara Blue and I might have a long-term love affair. Mmmmmmm!Oh, they also offer salads, but let's face it, are you really coming here for a salad?!?
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,4/19/2014,204,510,3,6,3>I remember coming here several years ago...I don't know why. But I remember because it was my first time ever at a Marlow's they gave us some of those chips with blue cheese and all that. I thought that was pretty nice. I do remember I had a burger of some sort. Then I sort of forgot about this place. (More like because I am NEVER EVER up this way anymore.)Until I happened to be the friend asked to go to a Gladiators' game this Saturday and what do you know, there's a little post-game party thing that goes on here. The whole thing takes place more outside on the patio, which is well equipped with heat lamps on the ceiling...perhaps too well equipped. I was burning up even after I shed one layer. I'm sure once it's actually cooler this will be less of a problem. The entire patio is enclosed to keep the warmth in - I would assume when it's warmer outside it's not covered in plastic like that. One of my favorite things out there was that there's a couple bar stools that face into the restaurant but are outside. I had not noticed that prior to leaving because there were hockey players sitting there and I already stared at them for hours and I think that was enough (no it wasn't).They have an alright bunch of beers, I ended up having a couple pints of Terrapin Hopsecutioner because nothing else was appealing and on draft. Their specialty drink menu seems to be around the $8-10 range, and they have wine too.We had some hummus and parmesan truffle fries. They were both pretty good. The hummus was a lot more food than I was expecting. It came with carrot and celery sticks, plus flatbread triangles (normally pita but they ran out). The hummus had feta and tomatoes on top. The fries were pretty good, I could have used something to dip them in but I didn't eat that many as I wasn't the one who ordered them, ha. Service was as good as it could be for how you might expect things to go when a huge bunch of people just suddenly show up. We didn't have to wait very long for anything and our server was pretty much there when we did need him. He also put up with me just deciding I should lay my head on my purse on the table and proclaim that no, everything was not all right. (HOT MEN IN SUITS. IT HAPPENS.)I'd say it's more 3 1/2 stars but I have to round up because now I have good memories of an entire 2/3 of a hockey team personally saying good night to me. Thank you Canada and thank you Marlow's.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,4/18/2014,71,139,3,8,6>This is a great organization!  It's a no-kill non-profit shelter that houses hundreds of lovely cats and kittens.  They have about 10 different rooms, each of which houses about 15 cats that roam around freely and explore a variety of ledges, shelves, cat trees, and cat beds.  And the cats are wonderful -- you're sure to find one that just calls to you.  Sure, there's the occasional cat who has had a rough life and is slowly starting to trust people, but if you enter any of the rooms you'll have cat after cat come up to you, just wanting love and attention.  They've really done a great job of making these cats ready to adopt, and they all so badly want and deserve a great home.  The staff are really pleasant, too.  If you can't adopt or volunteer, check out their website and donate some items to help out the kitties!
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,4/17/2014,30,507,5,13,5>Darwin's always surprises me. The first night I met friends here, I drove by several times confused by the small used car lots on either side. Cars were stacked down the block and I didn't know if they were patrons or for sale. Don't let the tiny building and lack of parking stop you! Oddly enough, with such a narrow space, the acoustics in Darwin's makes this an excellent live music venue. There is a local band playing every weekend and you are encouraged to dance and sing along! You need to call ahead to reserve a table and, depending on the weekend, I'm often told they're "sold out" and all that is left is standing room only. Trust me, for the people watching and strong drinks being served, you want a table!The bar food is anything by typical. Their menu options are pretty impressive for a little bar. My favorite is the sliders: spicy chicken with a tangy mustard sauce, thick cut applewood bacon cheeseburgers and a sweet pulled pork. Their wings are good too. They are plump, crispy and have the perfect amount of sauce. They have an impressive draft selection along the back bar wall and their mixed drinks are served in plastic cups that bring you back to days in college when a red Solo cup always guaranteed a good time.Darwin's may not look like much from the street but there is a reason this place is always packed and loved by locals.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,4/16/2014,248,44,2,9,6>I'm a long time customer of Life Grocery. Since I found out that they sell Cha (alkaline) water, I've been a member of them ever since. I like the quaintness of the store compared to Whole Foods. The prices are pretty comparable to them as well. I shop at both pretty regularly, but try to take advantage of LG's member discounts. I bought these kale snacks today along with my Cha water and some health and beauty products. It's my first time trying the kale snacks (see pic) and they are pretty tasty. I recommend you try this store if you haven't been there.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,4/15/2014,36,138,3,7,4>Updated: 11/3/2014It's been about a year since this restaurant opened and deserves a new review!This restaurant could be located in the heart of Midtown with the amazing food, top notch service and in a comfortable setting that is great for a date, dinner with friends or a weekday dinner out with the kids. The partners behind Common Quarter also own Local Three and Muss & Turners, all great neighborhood spots that make you feel welcome.CQ features dinner every day and brunch on Sundays.They also have a kids menu and promotion where 'Kids Eat for $3' - where they get a main dish, side and dessert.The menu does change seasonally, so just tried their fall menu. The 'Snacks" section feature starters - some musts include the 'Chips and Dip' which features house made Potato Chips and Black Truffle Onion Dip, a upscale spoof on the original classic onion dip from the 80s. Also the Coca-Cola glazed wings. Perfect with a beer and the football game on.They also have two features each day that change, but are always fun to try. I had the lump crab cake with sweet corn relish recently on their new fall menu and it was delicious. For mains, the Fregola di Mare is one of my favorites. It features a wealth of seafood tossed with a pearl pasta in a lobster broth. The trout is always a good dish, with seasonal vegetables if you are looking for a lighter entree. There is also normally a seasonal soup and risotto dish.For dessert, don't miss out on the Pumpkin Cheesecake, which features a "Pumpkin Spiced Latte" creme anglaise, and cranberry compote. Total fall dessert! Also the Apple Toffee cake with the bourbon sabayon is really tasty.On Tuesdays at 6:30pm they feature a weekly wine tasting with different themes each week. One week it will be Oregon wines, another 'big delicious reds'  or in the summer they had one on pairing wines with BBQ. Cost is $15, but reduced to $10 if you stay for dinner. Great deal and a fun time with friends or on a date.Lots of parking in the shopping center, it's located right off Johnson Ferry, just south of Merchant's Walk and behind the Starbucks. They also have a great patio area with a seating area and a roaring fire for chilly nights. The bar also features a great cocktail, wine and beer program as well. Go check out this OTP gem, you'll be glad you did.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,4/14/2014,160,534,2,9,6>Not going to lie to you...I wasn't expecting much from Kennesaw.  Coming from an Atlanta native (that's me), I'd never taken the trip slightly north, and my experience actually led to one of the more fun days I've had in a while!Richard R and I really just came in to the welcome center to hit the restroom and ask where the trail started, but before we knew it, we were catching a really well made 30 minute movie about the history of Kennesaw Mtn. and it's importance during the American Civil War, that had the quality and narration of a show you might see on the History Channel.  After the movie, we toured a small, but informative museum with items found during those times, and even an interactive touch and feel of materials that a typical soldier would be wearing.  Very cool!The hike itself, which clocks in at 1 mile, is not horrible at all.  In fact, as we were coming up, a group of elementary kids on a field trip were going down.  Maybe not "the biggest mountain in the world", like one of the kids yelled to his buddy as he finished his 2 mile round trip, but Kennesaw does have a couple of spots where elevation can cause you to huff or puff a bit.Littered throughout the "through the woods" trail were cannons, benches and a nice view at the parking lot up top.  Head up just another quarter mile or so to the peak for an even better view of Atlanta and Stone Mountain.In addition to being kid friendly, it's dog friendly as well, as we saw several dogs out getting some exercise, and while the view at the top is worth the hike, if you're not feeling it, you can drive to the top as well (though I suggest giving the hike a shot!).  Also, I can't speak for any other times of day, but on a random Wednesday, the trail was well traveled with lots of people, and most people were very friendly, including the daughter of the owner of the Mountain Biscuits (more on that in another review), who we quite randomly met along the trail.So yea, if you're up for exercise or you just want to get a little nature with some history, make the 20 mile trip North of Atlanta and check Kennesaw out!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,4/13/2014,204,194,,9,3>Impressive, most impressive.  The Buford Highway Farmers Market is more than just an extensive collection of modestly priced fresh produce.  It offers a large meat and seafood market, eastern European bakery and delicatessen - and aisle after aisle of international foods.  I even like the unique way that they arrange the international foods (more on that in a moment).First, the reason why most of us go to farmers markets - fresh produce.  Yes, here you can find just about any type of fruit or vegetable that grows on God's green earth.  Oh, you're looking for peppers?  Well, they've got green, yellow, and red bell peppers, serranos, jalapenos (both green and red), thai chilies, hot long finger peppers, wax peppers, habaneros, poblanos, and more!  Damn.  Psh, apples?  They've got like a dozen different kinds!  It's amazing that despite the crazy amount of produce and high traffic of people shopping here that this place stays so well organized and reasonably clean.The meat and seafood section is huge!  You name it, they are likely to have it there.  I was particularly impressed with the very fresh appearance of the meats.  I couldn't resist picking up some beef steaks (the prices were pretty good too).  Despite the large quantities of fresh seafood, I did not even get the slightest whiff of it the entire time I was there shopping (apparently, BHFM practices magic too).Now, the aisles of international foods... uhm, wow.  Ok, so they have at least one aisle devoted to virtually every region of the world.  I mean, they have at least three devoted to Mexican products, at least two devoted to eastern Europe, at least two to Japan, a few for China, one for India, at least one for Thailand, a few for American, one for western European, etc.  Due to the way they arrange their items by region, you can find a particular item - say, yogurt, in at least three different parts of the market.In the middle of the store, there is a Eastern European deli that offers up dozens of different types of kielbasa, salamis, bolognas, and other cold cuts, as well as international cheeses, and baked goods.  I have to admit, my eyes got pretty big here.  I had to remind myself that I didn't come here to buy kielbasa, or cheese (though I now know of a good place to get it).  When we've done our shopping here, on Saturdays, there were numerous samples to be had - chips, salsas, wontons, curries, cheese, pastas... you name it.  I'm not sure if it's only Saturdays that they do this.Anyways, if you've had a hard time finding a particular food item at your local grocery store, you may want to give this place a shot.  You may be as surprised as I was.  Happy hunting!
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,4/12/2014,149,208,5,9,9>I work out at a lot of places.  When I say a lot, I mean I pay to regularly work out at 3 different places as well as paying for one-off classes at other various places around town. I am a bit crazy when it comes to workouts.  This is by far my favorite place to come break a sweat.  Every single workout is different.  Russel mixes things up every time and knows how to push you to test your limits. I've been working out here for close to a year and my progress has been huge.  I couldn't do a workout without feeling like I was going to pass out or die and I had horrible balance and could barely walk a straight line without tripping and falling.  Now, I am in great shape (well much better shape than a year ago) and I can't wait to stop in and get my workout on.The Kung Fitness and Bootcamp classes have included punching and kicking, rope exercises, hiking up Kennessaw Mountain (the center is located at the bottom of the mountain), sprints, squats, burpees, lunges, torturous ab work, flipping huge tires, pushing a Hummer (!!!).  There are lots of workouts outside when the weather permits.  Everyone here is very welcoming and make you feel like part of the family.  I'm very excited to continue my fitness journey with them.They have plenty of other classes too.  They offer Kung Fu classes for children and adults as well as Sanda classes.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,4/11/2014,286,463,6,11,13>I'm a HUGE fan. I was meeting my buddy, Tom E. who was in town and we were trying to pick a place that served meat and veggies.  I only remember ordering take out a couple of years ago and never actually dined in but was glad I finally got around to doing so! My first dine in experience was fantastic!Our server was on point and took care of all of our needs. He was also very accomodating to the "Whole 30" food challenge that I was currently on so it made the experience all the better.  We both ordered the beef brisket platter and I was still craving it the next day and wanted to go back for more!  The meat was so tender and juicy at the same time. Their barbeque sauce was the perfect addition but not even necessary if you're not a "sauce" kind of person.My favorite was their homemade pickles. Boy, did they leave a lasting impression. Their pickles are made in house and have the perfect amount of sweet and crunch to them. YUM!  I'm definitely looking forward to my next visit!
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,4/10/2014,44,68,3,7,5>Absolutely my favorite spot to go to. We have become regulars here.  Everything here food wise is delicious. Also the staff are so nice and attentive. Every time we come in Alberto takes care of us! He's a great server and makes awesome margaritas!Here's the food rundown:Appetizers-Guacamole dip is always fresh and delicious-Queso dip is very good!-Creamy artichoke dip is just okay, never ordered it again.Main dishes-Lobster tacos are very good. The sauce on the tacos is a little sweet and I didn't really care for that flavor.-Pollo a la Parilla is probably my favorite dish here. You get a half of a chicken that has been marinated in a mojo sauce. So tasty! Big enough for two people, but I just takes leftovers.-Combo fajitas are cooked perfectly! Dish meant for one, but two people can share.-Bistec a la Parilla- very good if you're in the mood for beef. Again it is enough for two people to share.-Arroz con Pollo- Very good and flavorful. Again a lot of food.-Paella Valenciana- The paella is pretty good, but I'm picky about my paella. Once you've had paella in Spain, every paella you have after that you compare to that dish.DrinksThe margaritas here are awesome! My personal favorite is the Texas margarita. It tastes like a traditional margarita. The blue margarita comes in second. On Mondays the margaritas are only $2.95 during lunch!Definitely give this place a try!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,4/9/2014,183,107,3,6,5>I am excited about my new sushi discovery! We stopped by here on a cold and rainy night and were seated in a cozy booth on the left side of the restaurant. The relaxing and intimate atmosphere was just what I needed to page through the extensive menu of food options complete with photos. We started with two appetizers and chose three sushi dishes to satisfy our cravings.CHICKEN YAKITORI - two skewers with bite sized pieces of grilled chicken. Good and served on a stick - no complaints.FRIED SOFTSHELL CRAB - crispy and easy to eat - love it when shells don't get in the way. The dish also included small pieces of fried shrimp.SPICY TUNA ROLL - included cucumber with smelt roe on top of the roll. I wasn't sure about this pick, but one bite of the seasoned sashimi filling and this became an instant favorite. The filling was cold, the spice jolted my taste buds and the rice was perfectly cooked. DRAGON ROLL - Shrimp tempura and cream cheese with eel, avocado and eel sauce. Forgive me true sushi lovers for ordering sushi with cream cheese, but there were few eel dishes to choose from! Crunchy, creamy and chewy -- contrast at its BEST.PEACH ROLL - fried salmon, asparagus served with peach sauce. Not a winner to me. The roll was bland and the sauce was runny and flavorless. There was no hint of peach other than in the name. The service was top notch. Our waitress was patient and attentive. She even exchanged our cups of green tea (which were not cold at all) with new cups of piping hot tea, unprompted.. High quality all around.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,4/8/2014,135,258,3,12,8>Attention all Roswell residents...this is going to be THE place to go very soon.  It is located in the newly remodeled strip mall near the Home Depot on Holcomb Bridge.  I literally have nothing bad to say about this place...the atmosphere, service, and food are all high quality.  Before even stepping foot into the restaurant patrons can see the orchid cut outs.  Every inch of the restaurant is beautiful.  It is broken up into three dining areas, plus a private dining room and outdoor area.  Once seated, we were greeted by a friendly waitress who informed us we were now in their "home" and to consider ourselves her guests.  Her advice for wine, apps, dinner and dessert was impeccable, and she even gave us a tour of the restaurant pointing out the many unique and meaningful design elements.The owner is also the chef and he has hit the nail on the head with his dining experience.  We started out with the Bombshell wine and the scotched black olives which come with an amazing basil orange aioli dipping sauce.  The sauce is fresh and springy, not orange-y at all.  If it was a dressing I would  buy it by the bottle.  My original thought was to have the pasta, but once our waitress (the amazing Jackie) described the pork shoulder I couldn't try anything else.  (However, I will be back to try the pasta.)  Because Jackie had been spot on thus far, she ordered our desserts for us and suggested a drink to go along with them.  I'm pretty sure we "shut the place down" last Thursday, but we were so wrapped up in the experience we didn't even notice.  It wasn't until our last bite of dessert was eaten and our last sip of Grand Marnier was taken that we finally looked up and noticed the place was cleared out.  Needless to say, this is definitely a place to try and try again.  I am so excited for all of Roswell and surrounding areas to experience the superb Foundation Social Eatery.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,4/7/2014,67,105,3,8,6>Being italian. Going to eat out italian is silly sounding and almost always a disappointment.  Olive what??? Yeah point proven there. Thats like saying the bell place is true mexican... But back on topic. This locations food gives you the feeling of home. Every dish is packed with true flavors and always hearty portions.  My favorite is the sausage and peppers over pasta with the spicy Fra Diavolo sauce.(note its not really to spicy but does have some extra flavor and red pepper) As I have had this same dish 3 different times and yet not once has it been less than home made tasting.  The pizza here is also very close to new york style and has been very good the 2 times ive had it. Now why did I not give this 5 stars. The pasta does not taste home made. This is understandable for most places and I can over look this. However, my one real complaint, the pasta should be cooked Al dente. Either way. Im proud to take friends and family here and I will continue to enjoy lunch and dinner at this location. Salute my friends.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,4/6/2014,140,186,2,6,4>As a Trini, let me assure you: this is the closest I've come to good Trinidadian food in the area. The food, service and atmosphere are all wonderful. It always feels like the customers are friendly and in a good mood too - they've got that lovely island vibe and will smile and say hello! :-) You'll see diners of all ages and races - it's a great melting pot.Their buffet, available for lunch and dinner, is on point. You can get a variety of meats and sauces and curries depending on the day but for the most part, they have their staples - curry chicken and potatoes, rice and beans, buss up shot, doubles. Oh my gosh, the DOUBLES - spicy (upon request) and laced with their deeelicious tamarind and pepper sauce. We picked some up today, freshly made, and it's all I can do to not dip into that bag and stuff my face with the rest of them. We also got buss up shot and curry chicken. We ordered over the phone and they needed half hour to prepare and when we got there, we could see why. It was very busy! We also got sorrel and I just about went right back to childhood with the first sip. The cashier was a joy, and everyone said hello. Love this place. The food is consistent and fresh, and buffet costs only $4.99 a pound to go. Can't beat that.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,4/5/2014,35,178,2,6,7>The key west crepes are amazing!  I love this place.  Now, I thought I was a little biased...maybe since I used to live above one in Arlington Heights, IL or because my parents used to take me here when I was little, but I have been proven to be accurate.  Not only is this in my grandparents-in-law's favorite place to eat brunch on Sundays, but it's now one of my friends' favorite places after we took them here.My husband will tell you, he's never had anything bad here.  Neither have I!  They have a seasonal menu, which is great for a change up.  In the fall they have the best pumpkin pecan panckaes.  In the spring they have amazing key west crepes filled with fresh fruit and strawberry sauce!  Yum!Also, I love Matt's Meaty Skillet.  It's definitely a classic.The atmosphere feels like a down home country kitchen. What's even more wonderful is that no matter which location you're at, it all feels the same.  It's like a little piece of home in Chicago, here in Atlanta.  (Although, I'm not sure where it started...)You'll have to check it out next time you're in the mood for a great brunch! There's a few locations around Atlanta, a bunch in Illinois,  and maybe a couple elsewhere...  Enjoy!
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,4/4/2014,195,325,5,19,7>--- Park Avenue Thrift OUTLET Store --Today I am wearing a 1960s shawl-collared, made-in-France coat, that may possibly be cashmere.  I paid all of $2 for it.If you're an avid thrifter, by all means check out this fabulous new shop. (Who knew there was such a thing as an outlet for thrift stores?!)  Hold onto your hats regarding pricing: whether you buy a belt, a suit, a book, or a winter coat you'll pay the per-item price for that particular day.Stock is replenished Thursday afternoons, thus making Friday the most "expensive' day of the week:  $2 per item.  Saturday it's $1.75; Sunday $1.50; Monday $1.25; Tuesday .75; Wednesday .50; and Thursday before 1 p.m. -- .25.  (Yes!  A quarter!!)While you won't find Gucci or Chanel, if you shop selectively, you'll see  Ralph Lauren,  Ann Taylor, Abercrombie & Fitch, Liz Clairborne, J.Jill, ... and much more (some items with original  price tags.)  When I bought the vintage coat, I also picked up a practically new, 100% wool Talbott's pea coat priced @ $2.  My friend found a London Fog trench. The Main Street address is confusing; the store is located just off Hwy. 92 on Canton Road in a run-down strip mall, close to Burger Inn. There are no dressing rooms, and no returns, but three full-length mirrors are helpful in trying things on. (Many women wear leggings and body suits to get a somewhat accurate gauge of fit.)  Surprisingly, the store accepts credit cards.February 2014 update:  I'm generally not around Thursday mornings, but since I was today, I was curious to check out 25 cent day at the outlet.  My advice:  unless you super-duper need to save money, avoid Thursdays.  It was a madhouse!  Parking was limited, there were people all over the place, and the racks were pretty much picked through.  If you can spare .75, Tuesdays are infinitely better!May 2014 update:  My daughter, who's interning at a national women's magazine, wanted cardigan sweaters for NY.  Since sweaters are hard to come by retail in May, I suggested we stop by my now-favorite shop.  Another bit of advice, my friends:  avoid Friday mornings!!!  The store was crazy with people.  There's not a cart to be had -- one woman was screaming that hers was stolen! -- people were grabbing things off the racks, pushing each other through the aisles.  It was a madhouse.  Yes, the outlet has the best selection Friday mornings, but frankly, there's nothing I want badly enough to subject myself to this again!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,4/3/2014,22,75,2,8,6>I'm going to be 100% honest with this review.  One day we drove past this location and I said "Yeah, okay.  I'm totally going to eat at a place called Falafel Cafe in the rear of a strip mall."  Believe or it Yelp landed me there for a falafel craving.We walked in and it's a good amount of tables and there were a good amount of people sitting down for dinner.  Plus the kitchen is right there as you walk in, so I felt a little more at ease with what I was eating.  They seem to do a lot of take outs, but we wanted to dine in.  There were not a lot of people dining in, and it seemed to take a little bit to get your food out..  However, I noticed that they were limited on staff.  I have worked in restaurants and one of the most important things to me is to empathize with them when things are out of their control.You know what helps the empathy, THEIR FREAKIN' HUMMUS.  My husband liked it so much he talks about it every time he eats some other hummus.  "Yeah, this hummus is good.  Remember that hummus at the one place?"Another huge part of the story I'm leaving out.  My husband has never had a falafel before.  This is the first time I have been able to convince him to get a falafel with me, so I was basically making this a Hail Mary since I have never eaten here.  Once we got the falafel's we ordered they were hot, fresh, and totally hit the spot.  I appreciate the fact that they put some of their famous hummus on the falafel.  I only dock one star because of the inside of the dining room.  It's a little off putting, since it's so outdated.  If one thing Falafel Cafe taught me was that we can trust some of these basement restaurants behind a strip mall.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,4/2/2014,23,55,4,8,4>I was not excited about this place at first. I'm still not too into the whole country cooking/ southern comfort food thing. My husband wanted to try it and who am I to say no? We got our food to go. Me: flank steak BLT, garlic mashed potatoes. Him: brisket, garlic mashed potatoes. We both got crack bars on the recommendation of the guy at the counter. Seriously you guys - the best sandwich I have had in years. I couldn't have eaten it fast enough and I wanted another one immediately. My cold, northern heart grew three sizes that day. The brisket was pretty good too. But I don't really have anything to compare it to. Oh, and the crack bars? Yep. Crack. So good. Not that I would know that crack is good - but these bars certainly have an addictive quality. The prices are fantastic. The sandwich and the sides were under $9. You can't beat that. It's a much better deal than fast food given the quality and love put into the menu. I will definitely be back here again.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,4/1/2014,489,857,4,11,9>Dominic's is a Greek/Italian restaurant. They serve Greek food and Pizza. The 'Za is made by an Italian and the Greek food is made by, well, Greek people. I guess that makes sense.This is a good restaurant. Even though the space is big, it feels like you were invited into a Greek family's house for some great Greek meal. Everything seems hand made and fresh. For appetizer, we tried the Spanakopita. I loved the pastry on it. It was crispy, light, flakey, and delicious. The spinach and feta filling tasted great as well. I tried their Lamb Kleftiko. They bake their meats in a clay oven for a long time. Thus making them tender and good. Well, it's true. The lamb fell off the bone nicely. The meat was juicy and tasty. I also liked my potatoes it came with as well. It was a solid dish. I liked their Moussaka. I'm not a fan of eggplant, but it had enough layers and other ingredients to compliment the eggplant. It's also baked, like the Kleftiko, in the clay oven.  Hey, maybe that's why this place is called "Clayoven." Their Moussaka was well made and tasted good.We finished our meal with the Baklava. It also seemed homemade. It was thick, rich, and extremely sweet. They used a lot of honey. I mean, it's a dessert. So it should taste like it's bad for you. The service was slow. But they were friendly. The main Greek lady/motherly figure seemed very welcoming and was confident of their food. I like it when their food tastes good as they proclaim.In the back, there is a room where you can learn painting. Dominic is one of the painters and he holds painting classes there in the mornings. The class is taught by Kris Meadows. Look him up on Google, his stuff is the bomb. You can learn a lot about portrait painting, or painting in general, from Kris. I didn't get a chance to try their pizza. Hearing Dominic's accent, it sounds like it could be NY style. I mean, they do have a nice hot oven to bake the pie in. So hopefully it comes out good. So as a Greek/Pizza/Paint class place, this place looks pretty good. I like their food and their people. If you're in the West Cobb area, check this place out.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,3/31/2014,115,262,4,8,6>I can't rave about this place enough. Seriously. I enjoy barbecue, but I'm not a connoisseur like my husband. I don't -crave- it like he does. Praise the Lard has me rethinking that attitude. The only other BBQ joint that makes me feel that way is Heirloom Market.Husband and I shared the sampler for lunch, with mac 'n' cheese and grit cakes as our sides. They have numerous barbecue sauces available. My favorites were the Carolina style and peppery vinegar (I forget the exact name). The sampler included ribs, pulled pork, chicken, turkey, and burnt ends with Texas toast on the side.Halfway through the meal I realized how many noises I was making ("mmm!" and "yum!" and so forth). The meat was so tender and flavorful, it didn't need sauce. Which was a shame, since their sauces are very yummy! I did use sauce on the turkey, because it's a naturally dry meat. It was moist for turkey, but it's still turkey.I tried really hard to think about what was my favorite. I'm torn between the ribs and the burnt ends. It's hard to find a place that does really good burnt ends. My one and only critique: the mac and cheese wasn't great. It needed more salt or seasoning of some kind. I live nowhere near this place, but I guarantee you I -will- be back! Atlanta is positively blooming with great restaurants, so it's a rare treat to discover a place special enough for a trip out of the way. For me, Praise the Lard is that place.Man, now I'm hungry.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2013,3/30/2014,336,485,,4,4>First time back in YEARS, and I must say, I am very impressed with the upgrades this place made. BIL is in town for the holiday season so we all decided to go bowling. I must say, I was killing it! :)  You have drink and food service at your lane, and they constantly check up on you to ensure that you're comfortable. You pay at the end, but you check in at the front, and then you move over to the right where you get your shoes, and your ball, which is a plus since I always hated having to walk from one end of the bowling alley to the other just to find a bowling ball I liked. From there, you can go to your lane. There is a big flat screen tv for roughly every 2 lanes. Bowling was even more enjoyable since I was able to catch the Falcons game at the same time. Boyfriend loved the place and mentioned that even if you're not bowling with your friends, it's still a really cool place to just hang out. I feel that in the new year, I'm going to be bowling a whole lot more.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,3/29/2014,705,1112,4,7,5>I am a 40-year old woman with the mind of a 12-year old boy and I couldn't stop giggling at the name of this place. Sorry, not sorry.Once I got over my giggles, I really enjoyed my time at Sips n' Strokes. I enjoy art and did a little drawing in high school, but I haven't picked up a brush in a really long time...so naturally, I was intimidated. Since you might be intimidated, too, here's what happens:You receive a canvas with your choice of two pictures already sketched on them. You don't have to worry about drawing, you just have to worry about painting. The staff instructs you on which colors to put on your palette and how much you'll need or how many "pumps" (and again, I start giggling) you'll need from each gallon of paint.You find a spot, start sipping your wine and await instructions.The instructor walks you through the painting so thoroughly that this is practically paint-by-numbers. If your painting is not looking like you envisioned, there are helpful artists around to assist you.  Or just drink more wine until it starts to look better.My visit to Sips n' Strokes (heh) was a great date night, but this would also be a fun girl's-night-out or fun twist for a birthday or bachelorette party because the studio is brimming with a festive laid-back vibe. You don't need talent for this, you just need be adventurous!
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2013,3/28/2014,70,59,3,6,3>OK, this is a long overdue update to Kurt.s Had a chance to go back, and what a difference a new day makes!  This time we were seated outside, and we had an entirely different experience.  Our server was this time polite, enthusiastic, and attentive.  So the food had a chance to shine.First off, its the beer ... its nice to order "einer Maß bier"  and without a blink of an have a liter krug of liquid German goodness brought to your table. From day to day, I'm not a beer drinker, bit there is just something about a good German beer on tap. so plus 1 star just for that. And the food ~ I grew up eating spätzle, and what I had at Kurt's was just like my German born grandmother made; but with a twist his "Schwardwald art" (Black Fores style) added rich bits of heavily smoked bacon, mushrooms, in a Ementhaller cheese cream sauce. OMG! and that was just an appetizer.  then it was salad time  . . . so we had the Endive & Spinach salad. But the thing that caught my eye was the addition of blue cheese and Asian pear slices & candied walnuts.  I am a sucker for pears and blue cheese (particularly Maytag Blue cheese).  While I don't think it was Maytag blue; it didn't matter. If you like fruit and cheese, you will love this!  Then the main course . . . I am a German traditionalist  (what I grew up on is that tradition for me) so I went with the Schwabian Platter.  I just love a good "Kasseler  Rippschen" Smoked Pork Chop and this was one of the best I have had- on either side of the "big pond" . Moist and flavorful from first bite to the last. And there were a lot of bites , as the chop I was served, was almost 1 1/2 inches thick!  And the Sauerkraut ~ good German style Sauerkraut is not the sloppy overly salty, sour  tasteless dressing found on a Wal-mart hotdog.  And this was good . . . you could still taste the cabbage, but there were small pieces of onion that were braised in . . . and low and behold  Kümmel (caraway seeds) for extra seasoning (just like my grandmother taught me!) Yummy. The Bratwurst  was good;  they are hard to  go wrong by ~ it really depends on the the skill of the Metzger . The only thing that  was not 100% for me was the Kartoffelsalat ~ I'm just not a fan of warm potato salad. So a new day and a new experience; and this one is worthy of being called  the best German cuisine in the metro Atlanta area.  Worthy of a visit  !
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,3/27/2014,70,148,2,6,4>This is my #1 choice for picking up some tasty Chinese food in the neighborhood. It reminds me very much of the Chinese restaurant where I worked for years in Ohio. Does that make it authentic? Nope. But, it does make it comforting and it is certainly delicious. The people who work here are always super nice. The food is never less than yummy. The wonton soup is the ONLY THING I want when I'm not feeling well. Their broth is soooooooooooo flavorful. Most Chinese places use their broth in all of their cooking. So, if broth is good, all of that yumminess also goes into building your main dish. Lately, we're on a Beef with Scallions kick. It's not a spicy dish, but they are always happy to make it spicy for us at our request. We always call in our order and drop in for carry-out. We've had the food delivered less than a handful of times and I remember it being pretty speedy.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2013,3/26/2014,131,163,3,15,7>This theater just opened the last week in October 2013.  It is located in North Point Mall next to Von Maur, directly in front of the street entrance from Encore Parkway.The point of pride here seems to be that every seat in the house is a roomy, padded recliner.  Also you reserve your seat when you purchase your ticket, so there's never a rush to get into the theater to claim a spot.  The seats are very nice and it was a unique experience for me to put my feet up like I do when watching a movie at home.They have an IMAX screen!  That's what really excites me about this place.  I haven't watched an IMAX movie here yet though.There is a bar inside the building but there aren't any servers like at a Studio Movie Grill or one of the many variations on that concept.  If you want a beverage or snack during the movie you have to go get it yourself.  That's probably for the best because servers can be distracting.  But so can people getting up in the middle of the movie to buy snacks.We visited on Halloween night so it was fairly empty.  I believe it was only the second night the theater was open to the public.  It was very clean, the employees were friendly, and there were way too many of them.  Maybe it just seemed that way because there were so few customers on a holiday night.  But it felt like I couldn't take three steps without an employee jumping at me and asking if I needed help.  Nope... I know how a movie theater works.  But thanks!The picture was crisp and plenty large, and the audio system was perfect.  Loud enough to vibrate the seats a bit during explosions and such, but not so loud as to get buzzy or annoying.With this new AMC theater opening, I can't think of a reason why anyone would want to go to the old AMC just across the street at Mansell Crossing.  I have not heard if there are plans to shut down the old theater, but it seems like it might be difficult to sustain both in such close proximity.  Time will tell.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,3/25/2014,148,167,2,6,3>I think there was seriously something wrong with me for walking into this store and walking out with nothing.  But I became a fan the moment I walked through the door.  I heard about this store from my friend when I wanted to steal her T-shirt and didn't believe there was a store that existed that sold 5$ t-shirts...  Since I was in the Dunwoody area the other day, I decided to stop by and check out Five Below and I was not disappointed.  For a girl that likes t-shirts, candy, toys, socks, ty beanie baby ballz, i-phone cases, and more...this store screamed buy stuff.  Which is probably why my brain freaked out and I couldn't decide on anything to get....not even candy....And I NEVER turn down candy.  But I will definitely return to throw my 5$ bills around.  There was plenty of parking and it's next to the Office Depot in the same shopping center with the Regal movie theater and Royal Oak Pub.  There appeared to be only one cashier at the time I visited and he was walking around asking if anyone needed help as well as restocking items.  So service appeared to be fine.  But I'm definitely glad my friend told me about this place.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,3/24/2014,109,364,2,7,6>The best BBQ in the south that no one ever heard of.This ain;t yo typical tomato based BBQ, infused with Hickory goodness, slow smoked to perfection and fork tender, kinda melt in your mouth kind.This is Asian BBQ.  Its still pork but done in a very different way. Asian BBQ is made famous by Hong Kong or Cantonese cuisine.INstead of slow smoke, they use marinade, molasses, honey, spices to put all t hat yummy goodness deep into the pork. Then , these cuts are hung into a gigantic steel egg and zapped to ultimate savory goodness.Asian BBq is like .. you know the 'bark' on the good piece of cue...  well, Asian BBQ is all bark..No, I ain;t kidding you.. its 100% savory goodness.. In fact.. its like bacon and bbq all together..When you come to this place, this tiny corner in GW supermarket.. you order a plate of CHAR-SIU rice. Nuff said.. if you love BBQ.. you gotta try this kind of BBQ
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,3/23/2014,27,177,,7,4>In the "fast casual" space, Fresh To Order ranks near the top. It's simply an easy place to eat relatively healthy and good. The salads are where it's at, but everything I've tried is good. Unlike most restaurants in this genre, they do daily specials, and I've tried a few of them, and they're consistently good.  My go-to order is either the Asian Salad or Southwest salad with blackened chicken, and both are consistently excellent. I also love the beverage options, particularly the variety of teas and lemonades. Today I mixed a vanilla citrus unsweet tea with vanila anise lemonade.  Hell yeah I drank like 12 glasses. Service is consistently friendly and quick. I almost always go for lunch, and I know if I need to take a quick lunch I can get in and out in 30 minutes every time. I do have one bone to pick, though. The salad plates. Who on earth thought it would be a good idea to serve a salad on a long narrow plate?  If you don't want to eat off the table, you're guaranteed to give several bites to the salad gods as you'll inevitably  knock some off the plate. The stupidity of it irritates me far more than the lost bites.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,3/22/2014,49,357,2,4,3>You know that feeling when you've sweated for over an hour at the gym and you're packing your bags only to have your stomach angrily yell at you? Well, that was me a few Sundays ago and I really wanted to be good and not go off diet and undo all of my hard work that morning, so I walked over to Tropical Smoothie Cafe.The entire restaurant is very open and nice, and it reminded me a little of Key West actually. The place was not packed, but there were several people ordering to go. I decided on the fish taco and the korean bulgogi taco. Both were really good and fresh. The fish taco had just the right amount of citrus dressing on it to make the fish pop, and the bulgogi was well flavored, not to sugary sweet or spicy.You're given an option of chips, a whole fruit or sliced fruits as a side. I chose the sliced fruits and was really happy to see that there weren't a lot of grape slices (it's a personal preference, I just enjoy my grapes more after they've been stomped and liquified into a wine bottle) and it was in this really light and yummy honey sauce. Even though my tummy was talking to me about 2 hours later, I did enjoy my healthy and light lunch!
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,3/21/2014,17,17,2,11,8>Our second trip, this time for dinner, we met up with some friends.  Once again, the service was excellent, just what we would expect.  We do not like to rush, especially on a Saturday night.  The overall atmosphere was relaxed and cozy.  If you are in a hurry, do not waste your time trying to have dinner here because you seriously want to savor every moment from start to finish.  We started with calamari, again, and just wow!  It was fresh and the flavors were light.  For entrees, we had a combination of Salmon, Veal Parmagiana (which you didn't even need a knife for) , Seafood fra Diavlo and calamari over pasta, all of which were excellent and did not disappoint.  Everything is freshly made and flavorful, but not overly spiced or seasoned, just like you would make at home.  Nothing is mass produced, every dish is made to order and you can certainly tell the difference.  We pared our meals with some house wines, which the owner helped us choose ($3.95) a glass......thats insane.  For dessert, Tiramisu, OF COURSE, and something call Vesuvius I think.  All I know is that it was chocolate upon chocolate and just simply to die for.  Again, not overly sweet, but just right.If you are looking for a change-of-pace, sit and chill, excellent service and super excellent dinner, this is the place.  Its quaint, out of the way and don't blink because you may miss it, but make the effort to find it, you will absolutely not be disappointed.   Cannot wait to go back.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,3/20/2014,151,91,3,7,7>Five stars all the way for Table and Main. These folks know how to do food and service to the max, and the location in downtown historic Roswell is a good spot for this jewel of a restaurant. We started with the she crab soup and a spinach orange salad. These starters were perfect portions, and the flavors were well balanced and well above average. Next were the main courses of pork chop and center filet with sides of au gratin potato and cabbage; I cannot express just how perfectly executed these dishes were. We wrapped up the meal with the chocolate mouse pudding, and they sent us out a complimentary round of the house made ice cream, and both were spectacular.Our waitress Cindy was attentive and had the perfect personality for making us feel comfortable and welcome. I'm pretty sure that she and my wife are now Facebook friends. That sounds hokey, but successful businesses become successful by having employees who invest personally with customers. Once again, we were just as impressed with the service as we were with the food.I will be back, and if you are smart, you'll try them out too! Be prepared to be blown away.* I do have one recommendation that would make Table and Main over the top in my book: serve whole bean coffee. It just makes sense, because everything else is executed so perfectly, the coffee should be too.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,3/19/2014,85,207,3,9,4>Love me some fish, and especially when its fried right! This spot is cute, and very near my home. I finally got an opportunity to stop in after one friend told me about it and another said she didn't like it..... but I DO!Food cooked to order, and fresh! Well seasoned as fried fish should be. I had a whiting sandwich, w/fries. They have this sauce that kinda looks like Thousand Island but its not, its very tasty on seafood and you'll need to ask for it. Its in the refrigerated area (the place is small) so you should see the little clear containers of it. The day I stopped thru, the mother was working and she was kool and polite. The food is not too pricey or at least in line with other places like it. I will definitely return and probably try something different but the flavors and freshly cooked order got me
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,3/16/2014,180,306,4,12,9>Yossi, chef and owner, is bringing a unique experience to the Dunwoody and Atlanta markets: an authentic, gourmet Italian espresso shop. Unlike the craft coffee shops Atlanta is known for, Crema focuses its time and effort on the shot of espresso and all the variations of Italian drinks that are prepared with it. Even the name, Crema, is a reflection on the essence of espresso as crema is the foam layer containing all the flavor in the shot.To that end, Yossi has deployed the Ferrari of espresso machines: an imported, one of a kind, hand built, hand operated, 9 bar work of art. Suffice it to say you are getting the real deal from this puppy. His investment in his machinery and staff is well evidenced by their thorough knowledge of the menu and their creativity with the craft. He hand picks the espresso blends and maintains an extremely high standard for sourcing. Heck, he passed over a top 10 US microroaster in favor of an even better product.Crema has also recently expanded it's selection of food stuffs rivaling many of the gourmet sandwich shops and provisions stores. Yossi goes out of his way to source local ingredients and produces extremely high quality fare true to his Mediterranean roots. From the authentic Italian ciabatta sandwiches to crisp salads and biscotti, it's extremely easy to spend a leisurely lunch or dinner enjoying all the things Crema has to offer.The inside of the shop is a mix of tables and high tops with a few couches and highbacks for extended stays. Music is light in the background and I've been comfortable working or relaxing here. They also have a fairly large patio out front, perfect for the mild climate Atlanta offers year round.Crema, where the menu begins at ristretto and carries you through to latte. A fanciful playground for the espresso minded. I highly recommend their capuccio or ANYTHING in a fluted glass. Tell them your preferences and let them recommend a drink to delight.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,3/15/2014,99,106,4,10,5>Beef patties are a must! They just recently opened 2 months ago next door to Harbor Freight Tools on Lawrenceville Hwy. The food is sooooo goooood! My husband had the Jerk Chicken. I had the Oxtails. They both came with steamed veggies and rice & beans. We also ordered 1 beef patty, 2 chicken patties, Pineapple Soda, & Cream Soda. Oxtails - Incredibly delicious! Tender! Seasoned & cooked to perfection. So yummy!Jerk Chicken - Grilled perfectly! Seasoned, tender, & moist. It has a kick to it but it wasn't too overwhelming. My husband loved it.Stewed Chicken - Slow cooked chicken that literally fell off the bone! Delicious! Beef Patties - Oh my! They're definitely one of my top faves! So so so good! Absolutely loved it! Always have to grab a few.Chicken Patties - Unfortunately, we had to settle for these. We bought 1 beef patty with our meal, left, ate the patty on the way, & my husband loved it so much that he busted a u-ey just for some more beef patties. It was 30 minutes until closing and they had 3 beef patties, 2 chicken, & 1 veggie left in the case. Unfortunately, the beef patties were already paid for by another patron. Since I didn't want to leave empty handed, I settled for 2 chicken patties. While it wasn't bad, it wasn't my favorite. The flavor was good but there wasn't much filling in them...barely any. My husband liked it though. (Revised 5 stars below.) Sodas - I don't normally drink soda. But wanted to give it a try. They were actually pretty good. The cream soda has a slight sweetness & carbonation. The pineapple was a little more sweeter. They were both equally yummy.Date & Time of visit: Saturday, 3/1/14 @ 8pmOxtails - 4 starsJerk Chicken - 4 starsBeef Patties - 5 starsChicken Patties - 3 stars(revised 5 stars below)Rice & Beans - 3.5 starsVeggies - 3 starsSodas - 3.5 starsDate & Time of visit: Monday, 3/3/14 @ 3:30pmOxtails - 5 stars(definitely more flavor today)Stewed Chicken - 4 starsBeef Patties - 5 stars! There were only 6 patties left in the case & she gladly sold all 6 to me. :D They're incredibly addictive! Even better today than the last time. Another happy customer! :-)Date & Time of visit: Monday, 3/11/14 @ 4pm4 Beef Patties - 5 stars2 Chicken Patties - 5 stars I must say that the chicken patties this visit was 100% better than the first time. They were full of flavor! Kind of taste like a curry chicken filling. Packed and delicious! So pleased!This is a family owned gem. These are some friendly folks who has a passion in what they do. & they definitely do it at their best! There are only a handful(maybe less than that) of really good Jamaican/Caribbean restaurants in this area. And A Taste of Paradise is definitely in my top 3. They're more than worth a try, so check it out, and support the local business.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,3/14/2014,86,443,4,10,9>This is one of my usual QT stops on my commute, and they consistently have the best gas prices on my route. But what made me pop over to review is the way they handled Hothlanta 2014. These guys were freaking rock stars. At least one of the guys was pulling a 30-hour shift. They pulled out some cases of drinks to give people a spot to rest their feet while staying warm. They kept the rollers full, the coffee percolating, the coolers stocked, and the bathrooms clean. This last was no mean feat, as there were occasionally lines of up to 10 folks waiting for the two one-seaters.Thanks, y'all, for being a safe warm haven and making my (involuntary) night out suck a lot less.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,3/13/2014,309,376,4,11,7>Dr. Chad Bishop is an awesome veterinarian who was beloved in the Sandy Springs area for a very long time. He's finally opened his own animal hospital in Alpharetta and while it's a bit far for some of his regular clients, many are finding that it's not a terribly long drive to continue to see him. The hospital itself is a brand new build out with digital radiography and state of the art cat condos for the feline patients. It also has in house blood work capabilities and some boarding too! I'm sure this place (which has just opened) will be bustling busy in no time! If you're in the area, be sure to stop by with your pet for a tour and to meet Dr. Bishop!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,3/12/2014,328,633,6,15,10>"Make it, make it, make it, make the pasta!" -- Big Night (1996)What an amazing addition to the already well populated Canton Street!  I love Italian food and I love fresh, handmade pastas.  And this place brings what we really needed OTP - a killer Italian restaurant with delicious selections, a casual atmosphere, yet still a great date-night or special occasion location.I'm not sure where to begin, so let's start when arrivals.  They have a private lot with valet parking.  This certainly makes life easy as some Canton Street locations share a joint lot down the block and sometimes parking can be tricky.  This made it so easy to be on time - and actually early.  We walked in and were welcomed by Ryan, one of the owners.  We were pleasantly surprised that our entire group was early and they were prepared for us and had seated the party (even though not everyone had arrived yet).  A+Our server, Laura, immediately came and filled our water glasses and asked if we wanted wine or a cocktail after presenting us with the menus for both.  I ordered a glass of the Montepulciano d'Abruzzo (one of my favorite varietals), which was quite reasonable price at $8 per glass. The last couple of folks arrived and Laura reintroduced herself to the table.  We discussed our appetizer choices as a table and waited for Laura to discuss what her favorites were and get some more information on the entree choices.As a side note (although important), I took this chance to discuss my tree nut allergy with Laura and she made a large note in her book and said it would not be a problem. She would inform the chef (who has a child with a peanut allergy - so he "gets it.") and she would be sure to navigate me should I choose anything I could not have.We opted for the following for the table for starters:-- Suppli al Telefono - risotto balls, Bolognese, mozzarella, tomato.  Normally this comes with 3 per order, but there were 8 of us, so we ordered so we ended up with 8 so everyone got one.  I love a great fritter and this hit all the high points. Crunchy, cheesy, right level of salt and acid from the tomatoes.  I would order these again and again.-- Polpette - Napolitan braised veal meatballs, tomato sauce.  Holy meatballs!!!  So light, fluffy, flavorful (nothing but the tender veal). They stayed in tact, yet you could just cut with the side of your fork and were so incredibly moist and if I could have clobbered my dining mates and stolen theirs, I would have.  Again, normally this comes with 3 per order, but Laura helped us out with the way we ordered so we got 8.-- Ragu di Salciccia - spicy fennel pork sausage, bell pepper, onion, tomato.  This was like a pork gravy without the sauce.  We were dipping the unlimited focaccia they were bringing to the table in this concoction and may have needed more.My entree. Because I could not have the Tortelli di Zucca (tree nuts - I want to cry), I opted for the Malfatti.  This was a spinach pasta topped with olives (2 kinds), basil, tomatoes (plus blistered cherry tomatoes on the side) and ricotta salata. The flavor was amazing.  The olive flavor was more subtle than I was expecting, but it paired perfectly with the sweetness of the tomatoes and the savory, cleanliness of the ricotta.  The pasta was perfectly al dente and I wanted to eat the entire dish, but stopped myself halfway through so as not to overdo.I also tried the Lasagna Bolognese - bolognese made traditionally with carrots, which no one does anymore (except maybe me in my home kitchen).  This made me very happy.  I also tried the Agnolotti di Oxo - oxtail and short rib - so phenomenal.  Roch and meaty and in this buttery sauce.  I was glad I opted for a meatless main dish after the richness of the apps.As for dessert, I ordered a cappuccino and the Budino Caramellato - a salted caramel bread pudding sitting in a chocolate sauce topped with fior di latte gelato.  Okay, so look, I never should have eaten the entire thing because I am no so full.  But man, it was amazingly delicious.  I love salty and sweet and this hit all the right spots on my taste buds. Rich and creamy, soft and packed with caramel flavor with the hint of salt.  That chocolate sauce was the right hint of rich sweetness to finish and the gelato helped to cut the richness.  I mean, just wow.Look, I could go on for ages here, but what is it you need to know?  Everything was excellent.  Service was impeccable - water glasses were kept full, my wine glass was almost empty and I was offered another.  My allergy was addressed and addressed well.  They were willing to adapt dishes for me if needed, but I selected safe choices. Go hungry, go with people who will order different dishes and share, and if you can, ask for Laura - she was fabulous.  And as soon as you can, go to Osteria Mattone, you will not be disappointed.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,3/10/2014,87,44,5,10,7>For the past few years I've had a horrible dental experience. Every time I would go to the office, not even joking, the entire staff would change. Even the dentist. I was never able to build a relationship with my dentist because it was a different person each time! That should have been a red flag. But, they never really explained things well either, and I always felt like they were just trying to offer the most expensive option without my best interest in mind. Having said that, it was time for a change and Old Milton Dental was recommended to me. I'm so glad I went to them! I had a bad tooth that already had a hole in it, and then the rest of the tooth chipped off during lunch yesterday. I called to see if they could take me today, and I could tell from just the phone experience alone that this place was going to be great.Dr. Kremer saw me and suggested a way easier solution to my problem than my previous dentist. Turns out I didn't need a root canal or a crown! They explained everything to me and answered my questions, and I never felt like they were recommending anything I didn't need.The really cool part was all of the high-tech stuff. I care about my health and long-term damage, etc. , and they covered me from neck to torso when they did the x-rays (which I'd never seen before). They also took pictures of my broken tooth right there and let me see them and the x-rays, so I felt involved in the process. I also had my own personal TV to watch and could choose the channel! The coolest part was when she needed to prepare the bond for my tooth. She used a computer program to design the tooth, it got sent to their lab, and 20 minutes later, I had a perfectly designed piece to fit into my existing tooth. Science! Both the staff and the technology made me feel extremely comfortable there. They have way better options, which make for a less painful experience. Maybe going to the dentist won't be as bad from now on? I'll let you know once the numbing wears off....
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,3/9/2014,107,128,4,7,6>This is the most underrated venue in Atlanta! My high school graduation was here, I've attended concerts here, Georgia Force football games and I experienced my first Gwinnett Gladiator's hockey game this past weekend! On a side note - I got so into hockey this weekend, I watched ALL 3 of The Mighty Ducks movies and Cool Runnings (ya know, because of the ice and ice hockey?).  First off, tickets are pretty dang cheap. We were right behind the penalty box and the announcer's box. Tickets were around $19/each. For behind the penalty box! I could see the beads of sweat from the players I was so close. Second, parking is FREE and abundant at this place! We had NO trouble finding a parking spot. And when leaving, we were on Sugarloaf in less than 10 minutes! Third, the arena. It's not Phillips or The Dome, so walking around to the other side won't break a sweat. Also, this place is super clean. No trash lingering on the floor, no messy condiment areas, even the bathrooms were sparkling. On that note, there was NO line to use the restrooms, even during one of the intermissions. Color me impressed! Fourth, the concessions. Standard arena food - burgers, hot dogs and pizza. Though I was a bit surprised to see a Mexican-style concession that served tacos and burritos. I ordered a pulled pork BBQ sammy with coleslaw and the SO ordered a chicken/steak burrito and a large drink for us to split - total was $20. Not too bad. Also, no lines at the concessions either! Hint: Sign up to be a DD and free drink pass! The Gladiator's game is a family-friendly event and they try to make it fun for the whole family. During the first intermission they had a slap shot competition, during the second intermission they had the "Chuck a Puck" game (where a foam puck hit the back of my head!) and, of course, the t-shirt cannon gun! OH - they also had a $5 promotion going on that night for a Gwinnett Gladiator's fleece blanket. They had tons of these blankets and there were only $5! Perfect to use during the game. :)Overall, I had an absolutely wonderful time. I can't believe I waited this long to attend a game! With the cheap tickets, free parking and my obsession for clean facilities, I'll definitely be back!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,3/8/2014,467,559,5,10,8>"Hot coffee and cold winter mornings are two of the best soul mates who ever did find each other. " Terri GuillemetsI discovered the truth in this quote on a record cold day here in Atlanta. While I know the snowbirds may scoff at what constitutes "cold" in Georgia, the last few days have been record lows, with temperatures lower than Anchorage. The sun was in my eyes, the windows foggy, and I was having a tough time texting and driving with gloves on, so I thought adding a hot cup of coffee to the driving mix would make it even more exciting. There was a sign outside the shop that succinctly said "warmth found inside" and it's simplicity drew me in. Once inside it was easy to decide to stay. The purposely casual feel of LOATHCS is so inviting you can't help but like it. Plenty of places to camp out, with great outdoor seating on warmer days. This morning I chose a dark roast prepared and served in a coffee press. At about the same price of a Grande at the usual  coffee chain, how can I not love it? The espresso drinks are served with beautiful artistic flair, a great touch. LOATHCS helps to support Rwandan coffee farmers and their motto is "drink coffee, do good." Well, I certainly did my good deed this winter morning!
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,3/7/2014,45,108,3,9,5>Now I understand why this place is so popular....had the NC mountain trout and a glass--or 3-- of Joel Gott cab.  Server was attentive and had a wicked sense of humor.  Laughed at my groaner quips about the wine:  Gotta have some...Got any more Gott?Lady Jane had the hand-stretched white pizza which she said was excellent.  I verified this with a trial slice.  (What is hand-stretched and is there any benefit over tossing?  Pizza mentors opine, please.)We sat at the window seat overlooking Canton Street.  Perfect people-watching.  It was art gallery night in historic Roswell, so there was some serious cruising going on up and down Canton.  Sort of a latter-day version of American Grafitti:  Lexus SUVs instead of '57 Chevys.I digress.  Salt Factory earns its reputation.  We'll be back.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,3/6/2014,95,94,4,7,3>Personally, I enjoy yummy food in, and around, my mouth. The Corner Taqueria provides this and so much more. The servers are very friendly and prompt, they really keep the chips comin'. If you're trying to eat chips until you have to unbutton your pants before your food even arrives, this is your place (not that I do that or anything...I plan ahead and wear a dress, or stretchy pants, duh, because I'm classy like that). Speaking of chips, the queso dip here is bomb. And, the portion is enough that you can gorge yourself on a million chips and still have some queso to drink at the end. I went for the build-your-own-bowl because I'm adventurous, but also very conceited to think that something I create would be better than anything on the menu. I mean, it was, but I'm not trying to brag or anything. My husband got an assortment of tacos and thought they were, to quote his mother, "super yummy". They looked super yummy and he scarfed them down. We also got Coronaritas that were SO GOOD. Don't ask any questions, just order one next time your there. It's like two of the best drinks combined into one and are quite large and enjoyable. I also had some red sangria (because I wasn't driving and taking advantage) and it was "super yummy" as well.They have really cute outside seating that overlooks the fountain in the middle of the square. If kids are your thing, there's always a kid doing something cute over by the fountain, and if kids aren't your thing, at least their noises are drowned out by the fountain. It's a win for everyone.This place is solid and I hope you see me there sometime because that will mean that I am, once again, enjoying this awesome food. I'll be the one in the stretchy pants/dress shoveling chips into my mouth.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,3/5/2014,2,216,1,5,5>Absolutely amazing dinner. We ordered carefully and spent 125. Including tax and tip. Gave the valet 5$. We had delicious bread and butter. 14oz ribeye, large brick steak, and 4...half sides. Half sides are a great way to try the sides and more than enough for 2 people. onion rings(3) with sauce, garlic spinach, grilled corn and fantastic garlic fries. Dessert was free because it was my husbands birthday. He chose apple empanadas with vanilla ice cream. Service was excellent. We dined and enjoyed every minute of it. Water to drink. It really is cheaper to eat out if you don't drink anything but water. Oh, forgot he had a sauce on his steak. If you like good steak in a pleasant atmosphere try this place. It is worth the drive. Dressy casual is definetly acceptable. Or fancy dressed if you want. There is no real dress code. It is white table cloths and uniformed servers. Lots of atmosphere.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,3/4/2014,45,354,3,6,4>Chocolate is my weakness and it doesn't matter if it's dark, milk or white - it's something I can't go without.Walking into M Chocolat, I expected to be overwhelmed with chocolate gifts and assortments, but surprisingly, everything was simply in front of me in the display case. Truffles and individual chocolates are about $1.50 piece - while this sounds expensive, when you think about how much it costs for Godiva, this actually seems fair since it's locally made right in the store. You can buy them in 4-piece, 8-piece boxes or more. The chocolates are designed with detail and so much prettier than the ones sold in other chocolate stores i can think of (i.e. Godiva, See's Candies, and dare I say Vosges). I had a Belgian Buckeye Crunch and was surprised with a peanut butter filling sandwiched between two square-shaped pretzels, all enrobed in milk chocolate - completely unexpected and it wasn't to sweet. I'm also a fan of coconut, so I also tried the Coconut Almond Truffle which was definitely coconut-ty without being overly sweet like your typical Almond Joy bar. Another favorite was the Hazelnut Crisp Praline - which is more on the sweet side.I have some other truffles to dig into and they've got fancy flavorful names and designs on top of them: Rosemary Lemon Ginger, Mint Infused Ganache, Pear Chardonnay Cilantro and the Caliente Habanero! I think my days of walking into Godiva are over thanks to M Chocolat.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,3/3/2014,102,127,1,7,5>I love this trail, it's beautiful to walk, run or bike on.  The view of all the trees and streams really keep your mind off the running.  The trail is either paved or decked (no dirt) the entire way.  You can track your progress with the mile marker located along the trail.  I use the McGinnis Ferry between Buford Hwy and Satellite Blvd on McGinnis Ferry. There is a parking lot there for the trail, watch out it does get busy if there is something going on at the athletic center near by and tends to spill into the trail parking.  There is a map there that shows you the trail path and mileage.  I tend to use the flat trail which is about 5 miles, there is also a pretty hilly path to the left. There are restrooms available on the trails but, you can always just use the woods :).  Never really see it crowded, there is plenty of room so you won't feel like you are running next to someone.  Great place to try out to break the boring gym pattern for excersize. Parking can be problematic if something is going on, so have an alternative place to park. there are other places along the trail, so be ready to move to it.  This is the only down side
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,3/2/2014,38,7,11,8,7>Oui! Vive Douceur de France! Ils sont magnifiques! Okay... I don't speak French, but I don't have to in order to know this place should be a synonym for "delicious".   Heed my warning: Be seated when consuming such delicacies. Definitely do not operate a vehicle or heavy machinery while munching on a desert from Douceur de France.100% True Story: Let me tell you... I'm a man who likes his almond croissants. Thus, I rarely pass them up whenever and wherever I see one on a menu or in a store.  I accidentally discovered this place as I drove by and curiosity pulled me in.  You know the old saying about curiosity, right? Well read on.  I was happy to see they had a gorgeous almond croissant specimen with my name on it in the pastry case already waiting for me.  The atmosphere and mannerisms of the employees gave me the impression this place is likely a French family run sort of establishment - hey, everyone behind the counter was jib-jabbing back 'n forth in French banter that seemed to have that 'we're all related back here' vibe. Anyway... back to that freshly and apparently French native baked almond croissant. That delectable amalgam of flaky pastry, butter, almonds, sugar and whatever else the French provincial bakery gods have decreed.  Those sexy croissant curves - ooh la la - it was deliciously beautiful and it kept seductively staring at my mouth.  What was I to do?  I'm but a mere mortal.  I quickly purchased it and hurriedly headed back to the car and my previous agenda. As I sped walked, focused mainly on my original purpose for which now I was late, I pulled out the warm croissant and sank my teeth into it - in retrospect a very ill-advised move on my part - one that almost resulted in serious injury - a culinary crippling crash situation we've all heard about, but never expect to find yourself in.That fateful first bite almost did me in - for as the heavenly rush, triggered by a mouthful of sweetness perfected, instantly hit me... my knees began to buckle, my stride lost coordination and my balance critically began to falter.  The flavor rush had unsuspectingly overwhelmed this naive new patron.It could have been a disastrous face plant into gravel covered pavement for this unprepared diner-on-the-go. Thankfully, my palate trained reflexes kicked in, regaining my composure before losing consciousness and sustaining injuries.  It was a close one, indeed.  Honestly, my ability to make such a lightning recovery in such an overwhelming and culinary induced feinting situation I credit to my years of martial arts training combined with many careful observations of Anthony Bourdain's master techniques to remain cool in these sort of piquant situations.Needless to say, I've been practicing and preparing for when next I brave the pastry counter at Douceur de France.  People ask me "Is it worth it, man?" Absolutely!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,3/1/2014,26,34,1,6,3>I am going to get my only complaint out of the way, and it is directed at the parking lot, not the store itself. Seriously, just like The Avenue parking lot, be reallly careful in the lot, because people drive like psychos and seemed to have forgotten how to back up or watch for you here.  I just got a fresh ding too, but I know it is not the store's fault.I am a big Trader Joe's fan, and shop here for anything I can get, though of course, you may need to get some items at a different store.  Some of their stuff is seasonal, so make sure to grab a (very helpful and hands-on) employee to help you orient yourself if you are not sure where to go.  The entire staff is awesome, and very friendly and helpful.  Their return policy is wonderful too, as they will take back anything, even if you return it without a receipt or return it just because you do not like the flavor of a product, no questions asked.  I was buying an overripe melon (I had no idea), and when the cashier saw it, she apologized and ran to get me a fresh one.I find Trader Joe's a must for things such as ----fresh produce (organic options too, and much less expensive than Whole Foods)--Cheese--so many varieties a great prices--they have a Syrah flavored cheese that is so good.--wine-- while I do not drink, so many people love the wine and prices--cracker--excellent selection--peach and pineapple salsa--Vegan tasty jelly beans!--100 calorie chocolate bars (dark and milk options)--Fearless Flyer (the Trader Joe's flyer you get in the mail) specials and samples
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,2/28/2014,19,120,6,8,6>This review is proof that service is everything - let me explain: I'm a conservative guy (Ron Swanson is my hero) who likes things to be within his comfort zone - when I think breakfast - I want eggs, pork sausage, bacon, toast (wheat if I'm feeling a little crazy) and coffee.Was told Flying Biscuit had great breakfast, brought the wife to give it a try....walked in, whole staff was "hipsters" - Looked at the Menu - CHICKEN sausage! (I believe chicken is woman's food, and the only way a man should eat it is fried) GRITS! No hash browns!  All I could think of was, "Good Lord, I didn't wake up this morning, and this is how they serve breakfast in Hell"Well, it's rude to walk out, so we'll suffer through this....Ordered the manlyist omelet on the menu (Cheddar, Onions, Bacon and, yes, chicken sausage), wife got pancakes... Food came....this Midwesterner discovered he REALLY likes grits (only had them w/hot sauce and Shrimp or BBQ before) and the omelet was great! In a strange twist of irony, my wife - the same woman telling me to relax and not be so close minded during the meal  - didn't realize they were oatmeal pancakes, and would not touch them again after her fist bite.On to the service:  turns out, the guy in the green glasses and pink socks could not have been a nicer guy, came over to the table TWICE to see how we were doing...and our waitress, seeing my wife didn't eat - insisted, unprompted from us, to not charge her for her meal...Although this is not my typical type of place - we'll be back-  GREAT service....and the guy in the green glasses told me they make a great fried chicken at dinnertime.....
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,2/27/2014,146,178,10,14,10>I won't rave about the interior - and the bar - because I think the previous reviewers have that pretty well covered. The interior is beautiful.  I was pretty worried that I was going to be hungry after eating here - but I was pleasantly surprised.Now - Matty - on the other hand - was starving after completing his meal. He ordered the shrimp and grits - and the dish - though tasty - or so he said - was teeny-tiny.  I couldn't sample his dish because 1) I have a shellfish allergy and 2) I think he might have killed me if I even tried to get a taste for fear of leaving him with even less food to satiate his appetite. I had the famed chicken and waffles.  I asked the server to omit the collard greens (it comes with) and he brought them any way. He told me the price would be the same.  I told server I was fine with paying for them - but didn't want them.  I was adamant about it (in a sweet and charming way - lol).I deleted a star because server brought the greens any way and it turns out it wasn't a mistake.  When I commented, he said the cost is the same (um . . . didn't we just discuss this?) and because the chef doesn't like to change the presentation of this particular meal.  Um . . . excuse me?Cuz here's the thing.  I'm kind of OCD'ish about my food - and I even when I actually like the taste of the cabbage or collard greens - I'm not too fond of the pot liquor from said vegetables soaking into the rest of my food.  (So even when I cook greens at home - I put mine in a bowl NEXT to the rest of my food.)I wound up NOT eating my waffle cuz it was saturated in the pot liquor / greens juice - but Matty ate both my waffle and the greens.  I'd ordered an extra side - the mac n cheese - and it was super tasty. And my chicken breast - though not STEROID huge - was a pretty decent portion.  I had a cocktail - can't remember the name -and it was pretty tasty - and strong.  (Always a plus.  I love, love, love being over-served as long as I don't have to drive.)All - in all I would go back - but I would always stick with the chicken and waffles - since this meal seems to give you the most value for your buck!  I guess I just need to ask them to put the greens in a little bowl or something.  Lol.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,2/26/2014,518,132,9,15,11>Chicken soooooo good, It makes you wanna slap your Daddy ( I know better than to even think about slapping my Momma lol )! Rotisserie chicken at it's best!!! I pass this place at least 10 times a week on my way to and from work, never thought twice about it until tonight. My laziness forced me back out of the house (I refuse to cook on Friday's)  in search of something good to eat. I came across this place and decided to stop in, I ordered the chicken dinner; it came with 1/2 Chicken, rice, beans, kick ass potato salad, and flour totillas, you can also get your choice of hot or mild salsa ( I asked for both ). My first thought was, " what a  weird combination of foods" but my taste buds didn't seem to mind, so I kept eating. It was enough food for 2 people, but I wasnt sharing. Fast and very friendly service,   reasonably priced good food, they also have great family meals for those of you with a team to feed. Great little place.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,2/24/2014,107,56,,4,3>My husband and I had the pleasure of spending our Valentines Day the night before at Goldfish.It was perfect because we wanted to beat the rush and also wanted to splurge on some great seafood!We were sat at the half tables facing towards the dining area and I loved the ambience. I'm not a fan of dark restaurants, but it felt perfect last night.Appetizers:1) Chilled Seafood Tower: Half of a chilled Maine Lobster, half a pound of Peel & Eat Shrimp, Lump Crab meat Cocktail, Mussel Salad, 4 East Coast Oysters, 4 Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail, Scottish Smoked Salmon =  $42.952) Low Rider Roll: spicy yellowtail, avocado, romaine lettuce, topped with blackened white tuna & wasabi mayo = $12.95Main Dishes1) Ribeye2) Sea Bass Hong Kong Style (sauteed spinach, sherry-soy broth, & sticky rice) extra $5.95Dessert1) Banana Waffle| we asked to replace the Butter Pecan ice cream with the Hazelnut Ice Cream. SO GOOD.I pretty much loved everything we got.The Seafood Tower was a great assortment but to call it a "tower" wouldn't exactly be correct, it's more like a big platter. The Mussel Salad was a pleasant surprise and my mouth is watering just thinking about it!WHATEVER you do GET YOUR FISH HONG KONG STYLE. It's that special amount of crisp and tenderness! nom nom nom.TIP: Ask if STEVE is working and ask to be sat in his section. He was so sweet and helped us have a delicious meal. We also got a great recommendation from their manager Brett who helped me decide on the Hong Kong Style!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,2/22/2014,33,101,1,8,7>I am updating my past review--which also ranked Bon Auto with five stars. The service has always been exemplary, honest (to the point of recommending more than once that I check with the dealer to see if warranty coverage applied) for major repairs that would have netted Bon significant income. They have several times discouraged me from doing things I was prepared to pay for. Their work has been consistently excellent; problems get resolved first time around and they go out of their way to be helpful. Always friendly, and their advice is clear and easy to follow, with a clear description of problems and how they will be resolved. I believe they are going to a "by appointment only" system, which I hope will work well for them. I'm a loyal fan for almost ten years.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,2/21/2014,1424,609,50,77,69>WOW! What an amazing building worthy of a visit no matter what your race, religion or creed. THE SCENEMy wife and I happened to be having dinner nearby when we decided to pay a visit to this temple. Although I've known of this place for years, I just never took the time. Actually, I didn't know you were allowed to just come and look around, so I was relieved when the guard said "No problem" and only asked my first name before allowing us to enter.Aside from the jaw dropping detail of the Temple construction, there's also a peaceful pond I'm told is meant for personal reflection & meditation after your visit. The series of elephants spouting water from their raised trunks was elegant and beautiful. I honestly found myself lost in thought for a moment.A volunteer helped guide us to the entrance where we took our shoes off, silenced our phones and walked quietly and respectfully up the wonderfully crafted marble staircase. No pictures are allowed inside, which is a real shame because I would love to show off the stunning detail of the interior architecture. However, I did find this photo of the Mandir (temple) online: wdanielanderson.files.wo I've never seen anything like it up close and with the pale blue accent lighting it feels like you are inside an ice sculpted castle. The level of detail is jaw dropping. -------------- - - - - - - THE EXPERIENCEAlthough we did not purchase the available audio tour or take part in the free group tour, another temple volunteer told me all about the thousands of tons of interlocking stones used in it's construction. All were hand crafted in India & shipped here for assembly by over 900 volunteers. No metal support was used in the design. Even the ceiling (which is truly a thing of wonder) is all interlocking stone like a 3D puzzle. One section of the ceiling has 42 pieces with a drop down centerpiece that weighs about 6 tons (second heaviest element in the room). The centerpiece is twisted into place which pushes the other 42 pieces firmly against the support walls as it turns, locking them in place and creating virtually a suspended floating structure. There are a total of 86 decorative ceilings, each different from the next. You'll have to see it for yourself to believe it. I couldn't stop looking up! The heaviest piece is the central chandelier (keystone) @ 8 tons. I'm a little afraid to describe all the different venues inside the temple because I am not versed enough to know exactly what each meant, but I do know several of them were sculptures of the different incarnations of God as believed by the Hindu religion. Many people were here to worship and pray, so silence is a must. We were careful to be respectful observers as families walked from section to section during their time of devotion.Here is their official photo gallery: atlanta.baps.org/photo-gNOTES: Moderate attire is required. All clothing must cover shoulders and knees (wraps provided). No food, drinks, smoking or gum chewing is allowed inside the complex.--------------- - - - - - - I normally end my reviews with a VERDICT, but today I have none. I will simply say this is a wonderful place to visit. They have service every day at 11:15 am and we would like to return just to observe and expand our understanding of this ancient belief. I'm Christian through and through and always will be, but there is a undeniable unity amongst the Hindu believers that fascinates me. There is also a gentleness and a peace  that draws both my admiration and respect. They embrace humanitarian services, community, family, education and health in ways that we all should.  Oh how I wish we all would strive to better understand and get along with one another, embracing the good in each of our cultures and beliefs while focusing less on the differences.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,2/20/2014,120,180,9,12,11>I really enjoyed my massage, table shower here at soo relax! This place is small and kinda tucked away across from Toyota off Pleasant Hill Rd. The spa is Very peaceful, quiet and relaxing! When i go to a spa  I always request a male to do my massage (JUST MY PREFERENCE) I was told it was only women, I was unsure at this point if I should stay. What I needed was a  DEEP TISSUE MASSAGE from STRONG MALE HANDS. I needed extra attention around my right shoulder blade, upper and lower back. I finally decided that I would stay. The woman who took care of me did a AMAZING JOB! This little woman climb all up on my back, and massaged the HECK out of me! I never knew a woman could make me feel this GOOD!!  :o  Just know I tipped her WELL!  The table shower was nice also, it didn't have several shower heads to wash you as the picture showed. There was only one shower hose that was used manually to rinse and wash the oils off of my body that were used on me, this felt really good also.  I would most definitely come here again.  I had a 1hr body massage, with table shower and left feeling like I was on cloud 9.  SOO RELAXED is how I left feeling!!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,2/19/2014,37,178,2,6,4>Kinda embarassed that it has taken me so long to review this joint. It has been in regular rotation for us since we moved to Cobb two years ago. But a recent visit confirmed that they do interesting, fresh wood-fired pies better than any other place I know about short of heading down I-75. And the salads!The non-pizza fare is functional -- but you really want to zero in on the small pies, particularly the specials. The most recent rotations -- the Navajo Princess (think high-end Southwest flatbread) and the Sweet Georgia Corn (an exploded bacon-corn fritter on a pie) -- were top shelf. The latter was indeed sweet and creamy with just enough bacon crunch and salt to balance it out. The former, some heat, but not alarm bell, a slow, deep burn as well, that worked great with the snappy, sweet shrimp that dotted the pie. Swapping slices of these two pies was a great treat -- two entirely different experiences.Fall will probably bring woodier, richer flavors to the special rotation, but jump in regardless. Never had a bad one.But the linchpin of a great night at Hearth are the salads -- the Everyday in particular. Balanced, sharp balsamic coats a boat of fresh veggies -- at least a dozen different ones, along with a big out rigger of fresh bread. Really about 60% of a meal on its own, but with a small pie to follow -- lights out.The down side is the specialty pies run $12 for the small/$20 large plus $5.50 for the salad, so with drinks and tip you are looking at $25 per person realistically.  You could split the giant Everyday -- and some guests do -- but that just seems like cheating yourself out of good veggies. So that $50 per couple price point for dinner strikes me as a tad high, especially as the service has only ever been good, not great, particularly with a hostess station and bar that is overwhelmed at times to the point of uselessness. In fact, I would rip out the bar for more table tops.Anyway. File under nits. The place serves a need and serves it well. Cannot really fault it. I can't replicate it at home, so I'm in.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,2/18/2014,249,21,2,16,11>Patak is a hidden gem, and is worth the drive if you want the very best. Many of the European foods, especially German, bring back great food memories. Patak is fresh, clean, and offers a wide variety of  European delicacies...from the West to the East. Their selection is wide, and they cut meat to your specifications.Patak is a MUST try. I'll even give you my recipe for German sauerkraut with smoked, bone-in pork chops, and mashed potatoes. SOOOOOOO Delicious, and at a fraction of the price you'd pay in a German restaurant :)Guten Appetit!!!I would give Patak 10 stars, if I could. It is AWESOME :)
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,2/17/2014,162,319,1,8,5>I loved that I was able to make an appointment online. You can choose your aesthetician when booking the appointment. I received a confirmation email right away and the appointment was set. Easy-peasy. The salon is right next to the Publix at the corner of Roswell Road and Abernathy. I ended up choosing Antonia as my aesthetician based on the positive feedback on Yelp. When I arrived, I got the feeling they were not busy with any customers just yet because I was ushered in right away. Daisy ended up being my aesthetician. She was very sweet, talkative and funny. She was very quick with the waxing portion as well as the tweezing. She did quite a bit of tweezing, which I'm not gonna lie, was unpleasant, but what can you do. Now you may wonder, how was it that I ended up getting Daisy? She was not available on the list of aestheticians when booking the appointment online. It is possible she was filling in for Antonia that day, I'm not really sure. In any case, I was very happy with her and would request her again if I could.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,2/16/2014,103,298,2,16,6>I have been to this location before it was Bombay Flames. (the site of a former Indian cuisine restaurant) The interior is the same, but the food is still good. Recently, I tried the Bombay Flames Special Biryani, and tandoori chicken. Biryani and tandoori chicken are my favorite. The special biryani is prepared with chicken, lamb and shrimp. The lamb in that dish was excellent; next time I am planning to get the lamb biryani. The biryani comes with a side of raita; it is great to offset the spiciness of the biryani.The tandoori chicken is great! I ordered that with aloo parantha, which is whole wheat bread with spiced potatoes. A buffet is available during the day. The selection is not as large as other Indian restaurants in the area however, the price at Bombay Flames is lower. Everything I had was good.Kheer, one of my favorite deserts, is good here also.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,2/15/2014,596,74,6,13,6>A friend was in town and wanted Mexican food.  A split second after she mentioned it, you could physically hear me rolling my eyes because every time that I've had Mexican with her, it's been a miserable experience.  When I first moved here, I was unaware of the fact that the Roswell zoning department requires that, independent of where you stand within the city, a Latin restaurant must be within your line of sight.  Seriously.  I've seen less Mexican joints in MEXICO so one of them had to be good.  We knew nothing about Zapata, and the only reason she had for choosing it was because there were items on the menu that she didn't know how to pronounce.  Thank God her Spanish sucks because Zapata was fantastic.  When we arrived, we noticed a waitress carrying a massive cauldron of steaming "something" to a table.  I'd never seen anything like it, so it was a given we that were going to try it.  The item in question was a moljacete which is a volcanic stone pot filled with a tomatillo, onion, tomato, and nopal sauce and you choose a protein to b included.We started with calimari and and chorizo sopes huastecos.  The sopes were flavorful and the calimari was some of the best I've ever had with fried jalapeno rings and a great ajillo dipping sauce.  At this point, we were stuffed and hadn't even received the giant chicken and chorizo moljacete yet.  Then it came.  Without any instructions so we were at a loss as to how to begin but we're crafty.  The concoction was entirely too soupy to spoon onto tortillas by itself.  Rice and refried beans came with the meal, so we added them to the pot to thicken it up.  It was perfect and the leftovers heated up very well the next day.So far, my friend and I are 1 for 16 on Mexican restaurants together, but I'm glad the lone winner is right down the road.  I can only hope that her language skills are as lacking in the future.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,2/14/2014,68,272,2,8,5>I'm a fan when this place is not packed. Service can be lacking when the place is busy like on a Saturday night. When it's not crowded, the experience is awesome. Go on a weekday evening. If you like pork belly, this is the place to go. Price is reasonable. You come out stuffed. Sometimes I don't even feel like eating the next day. The meal comes with soup, steamed eggs, and fried rice at the end. When they are swamped, you'd have to nicely remind them that you want those items. When they are not busy, they will ask if you want them. Same with the meats, too- if you want subsequent servings. My favorite is actually not the pork belly since I'm not a fan of pork belly (but the other half is), but the fried rice at the end. It's so good. Make sure you leave belly room for that.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,2/13/2014,63,215,4,6,4>Can't believe I've been eating here off and on for a year and I've never reviewed this place!As soon as you walk in, you'll feel like you're in someone's home.  Like my grandmother's.  And the menu is full of great food items with rotating specials on the board by the register.  Something for every sized appetite.Personally, the sliced beef brisket and the 1/4 chicken (white meat) combo flip my plate - in a good way.  Their cole slaw doesn't last long on my plate and their baked beans leave you wanting second helpings.Quality cuts, service-with-a-heart, and enough sweet dessert temptations to make you want to ask if my grandmother is hidden back there somewhere whipping up the delicious banana pudding, cookies or featured pie of the day.TIP #1: They are closed on Mondays.TIP #2: It can be a little tricky to back out of their lot with the traffic speeding by, so be careful.Finally, Gabe, one of the line cooks, is as sizzling as the beef brisket!  Get him to smile and it'll make your day!  =)
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,2/12/2014,142,199,3,9,7>This is honestly the BEST pizza I've had in Georgia so far! Every bite was AMAZING! I discovered this pizza place on Scoutmob (50% off your bill up to $15 value) and it was the best discovery by far! I had the Barbie Q pizza which included chicken, bacon, BBQ sauce and sautéed onions. The dough had a very unique taste and the sauce was not overwhelming! The crust was also AMAZING and I usually never eat crust! It tasted just like a garlic knot without the extra garlic on top and the seasoning was mixed within the dough. It was super soft and not brick-like and tasteless like most pizza restaurants. They have a full bar and a gorgeous, modern atmosphere. The decorations around the restaurant were beautiful. We even acknowledged the silver fans on the ceiling! One of the managers came over to ask how our meal was and we were all smiles. They have only been open for about 1 year. They have plenty of TVs to watch sports! They also have kids night on Monday where kids can make their own pizza (even toss their own dough). It's a great place for friends and family! I will definitely be back soon!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,2/11/2014,10,115,8,11,7>Really good burger.But enough about that. Here's my theory: America's favorite food is probably pizza, but her second favorite food may very well be french fries. Everybody loves fries. Sure, we relegate them to side-dish status, but I know we all go out of our way to order something that comes with them.And yet! And yet it's not that often that you find truly excellent fries. At least stateside. The Belgians really know what they're doing.And so does Village Burger. These fries were flawless: golden, crispy, well-seasoned. Perfect. I really can't say enough. Considering how many fries I've crammed into my maw over the years, it's amazing how few approached perfection. Village Burger served me an entire basketful.I should have stood and applauded right there and then. Picture me doing it now in front of my computer.Shoot, I'm getting misty-eyed.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,2/10/2014,27,81,3,6,4>I just have to follow suit with the reviews on here, as I feel that this place is on par with excellence in service, cleanliness, and quality of food!   I was on my way to a place nearby where I had a voucher and was impressed by looking in the window of this classy establishment and was too curious to keep going.  Upon entering I was greeted finely-friendly by the young man behind the counter and was pleased with the prices of the food items. They seemed fair enough! ($6.49 and up range) and each panini description more curious than the last!   I finally decided on the Turkey Brie Apple Melt.  HEART-meltingly delicious (not a term I use lightly). Each bite more enticing than the last!  The quinoa side salad was pleasant as well! I'd never had it cold but it was still good nonetheless!  By the end of it, I was really full and satisfied and really impressed by the cook's choices in ingredients. I understand he studied in France and he really seems to have a good eye for fine ingredients. You can tell instantly from the first bite in freshness and appearance!  Bring yourself or the family! I'm quite sure you'll be as delighted as myself and other Yelpers!  I will be back to try that Nutella and Brie VERY soon....
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,2/9/2014,117,75,6,10,7>My free checking journey started with SunTrust, then moved to Wachovia. Wachovia became Wells Fargo. Wells Fargo decided it wanted to start charging fees, so I moved to PNC. PNC followed Wells's lead so I had to go on the hunt again. This led me to Fidelity. Their mailings to me always emphasized the FREE part of free checking, so I decided to give it a shot.I'm about 6 weeks into my new "Totally Free Checking" account and I am...totally...satisfied. Why?1. New accounts get a sign-up gift. November happened to be stock pot month. It boils up some mean water, let me tell you. December was a stuffed lion. I think I recall seeing a golf umbrella in another month. Referrals for new accounts mean gifts for both parties, i.e. let me know when you want to sign up!2. They buy back your old check pads (up to $25) and shred them for you. The pads can be from active or closed accounts, doesn't matter. The idea is just that they are helping you transition over and adding a little incentive. 3. They have a coin counting machine in the lobby that will count everything you throw at it (all US coins anyway). Think CoinStar straight into your checking account, minus the crazy fees.4. They don't judge me because I keep very little in my account and do most of my banking online with other banks and credit unions. At least they don't show it.Speaking of online banking, their system isn't the most beautiful nor modern, but it gets the job done. For the price I'm paying for my account (nothing), I'm satisfied. The staff here has also been very nice and helpful each time I've walked in. A true community bank.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,2/8/2014,308,222,3,6,3>This is my little, "Cheers" bar partially because it's in walking distance from my condo.  All of the bartenders are super sweet.  I recommend  Mr. Dave's martini named, "The Dappletini"   The ribs, fries, vodka tonics and steak are solid choices most nights.   They are open late till bout 2am.  I usually use the ITunes jukebox and pool tables on the weekend.  Poker night is my thing on Fridays every now and then.  I have never met a staff member that I didn't like at this dive bar.  This place could use a facelift but it's filled with love and loyal patrons.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,2/7/2014,46,202,2,5,3>You've come a long way Himalayas!This was the very first restaurant that I ever tasted Indian cooking at back in those wild days of 1991 ...Himalayas was at the forefront of bringing Indian cuisine to metro Atlanta. For years, their interior was a single storefront with framed indian artwork on the walls and "white tablecloth" trappings and service. There were some ornate booths separated by hung tapestry and the menu was a la carte or prix fixe. I enjoyed many of their dishes particularly the Mulligatawny soup, Chicken Tikka, mixed Tandoori and various appetizers.Ensuing years saw the rise of newer Indian restaurants ITP that worked the formula a little differently and I only recently returned to Himalayas after reading some current Yelps.I was pleased to see that Himalayas has indeed doubled in size, adding the next storefront to their original site. The interior has been substantially updated with the furniture and decor reflecting a more modern sensibility.The food is still as good though. They are featuring a luncheon buffet now and I tried several items including a Dal soup, Chicken-65 and the standby Tandoori chicken. Onion Bahjees were good, crispy and oily like fried onion strings whirled into a ball and are a nice compliment to the soup. I found their Naan bread to be a bit overly dry, like crying out for butter or glee but it was fine for dunking in sauce from the chicken Kurma.The buffet had a large number of vegetarian dishes as well as a small iceberg salad bar. They put out all the typical Indian sauces for you to try as well including tamarind, mint, yogurt-y Raita and uber-spicy pickled mango. If you are unfamiliar with Indian cuisine, then looking over the items on their buffet is a good way to sample some dishes. I found the Service to be spot-on during my recent visit. Water glasses were kept filled and dishes were constantly bussed. I recognized some staff members from as far back as my visits in the Nineties.ODD CAVEAT: the buffet set-up is a bit new to Himalayas and I can only guess they purchased the steam tables as used equipment from Restaurant Equipment Depot or some place going out of business. My assumption is based on the labels taped over the glass sneeze guard above the various food items. Those labels indicate asian foods that I don't think Himalayas would put out e-v-e-r ... so i've caught you here, Himalayas! (Bwah-HA ha!) Either you bought the new tables and rushed them into service without a thorough cleaning or else some days you are featuring bourbon chicken and green beans along with the tandoori and Pilaw rice.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,2/6/2014,204,510,6,10,6>Seriously if I could give 20 stars I would. I came by earlier today and bought a couple things for later, one being a 6 pack of Harpoon's IPA. I opened one later in the day and thought it tasted incredibly wrong, then noticed a 10/15/13 date on the beer. I've had beer that should have been tossed several times before but it definitely did not work with this one...it was that bad.I decided to give them a call and see what could be done since I know state law is kind of weird regarding alcohol. Teighlor is the one who answered the phone and told me to bring it back by to exchange and that they'd also give me a gift card.Now that was TOTALLY above and beyond what I was expecting. I would have been happy just to exchange it for a new six pack, but the gift card too, in an amount almost double the cost of the six pack? Holy customer service. I know they're a chain and all but I value what they are willing to do for me over a local place that has no problem snubbing a regular customer. Thank you, Total Wine. I'll be back next week after I finish the semester to get myself something good with the gift card!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,2/5/2014,30,507,8,14,9>While I love my Mini dealership, after comparing prices for a simple repair, I may be cheating on them with Bimmers!I recently replaced the front and back brakes on my Mini Cooper and the drivers side brake sensor came loose and was hitting the tire. As it came loose, there was a loud noise from my drivers side front tire when I applied my brakes or would turn corners. The brakes worked perfectly but the knocking noise from the loose sensor wire was getting on my nerves! I called the dealer and was given a price of $140. I called Bimmer to compare and was told $70. I repeated what I wanted done again, just in case I was hearing things, and he repeated $70. Was this some kind of joke or did I need to buy some lottery tickets!?After making an appointment, even changing the appointment time, I was treated like a million bucks when I walked in the door. I love when businesses go the extra step to make their customers feel welcome...even though I was dressed like a hobo!The waiting room is very relaxing. Deep leather couches, a big TV that isn't blaring a news network (extra points for that!) and free Wifi. If they had a Keurig machine I would consider moving in.Imagine my surprise when I was in and out under 30 minutes. I had planned to spend my afternoon waiting but I barely got in to the football game and was told my car was already done.Did I mention their $50 synthetic oil change? Jiffy Lube charges $109 and the dealership charges $119. Don't pay for their overhead-go to Bimmers!!Bimmer handles anything and everything relating to BMW's. I know where I'll be taking my Mini Cooper for service from now on.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,2/4/2014,160,534,7,11,8>I'm not a hotdog snob.  I mean, I barely eat them, so when I took a bite of the dog with slaw and spicy chili on a ridiculously soft bun, I WOL'd (Wowed Out Loud).  That's a good hot dog, and you gotta understand...we weren't going to come here.  I'd never heard of the place.  In fact, it was a neighboring restaurant that we were eating at that flat out told us, while you're in Kennesaw, you gotta go try Brandi's for the best hot dogs on the market.  When your competition says that about you, you just gotta go, and go we did.When I walked in, two things caught my attention.  First, the place was pretty crowded...great sign!  Second, was the emphasis and playful ribbing at how spicy the dog would be.  Spicy is subjective, because I didn't think it was very spicy at all, minus a nice little slow burn at the end, but if you're not a fan of some heat, ordering a beverage isn't a bad move.Seems like I've said this more than once about Kennesaw establishments, but man, some of the nicest people you can meet and with hospitality that's deserving of the stars they currently have.One quick note, this place is cash only, so go ahead and bring in a few dollars for the price of a couple of hot dogs that they could really get away with charging more for, but are just good people with a great product.  Please, please, PLEASE go check them out if you're in Kennesaw (or even if you aren't).  They're that good!
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,2/3/2014,71,139,3,13,10>We checked out this new area restaurant for lunch one day (it's open from 11-2:30 for lunch and then re-opens in the evening for the dinner rush).  The waitress (bartender, actually, since the hostess seated us at a table in the bar area) explained that there's a different lunch and dinner menu; the lunch menu has some appetizers, several soups, a few entrees, and is used to test out some new dishes.  So -- first the food!  We tried the pimiento cheese app, and I loved the sharpness of the cheese (this could actually be because it reminded me of those holiday cheese balls I used to have as a kid).  The shrimp salad sandwich was very tasty and satisfying, until I tried the boyfriend's burger -- which is honestly one of the tastiest burgers I've ever had.  The melty cheese, the pretzel bun -- pure yumminess!  I appreciated their home-made chips, although it'd be great if they accompanied them with a sauce (or even ketchup).The restaurant is aesthetically pleasing, has a gorgeous marble bar area, and I look forward to trying the outdoor seating when it's a big warmer.It's a little hard to find -- a bigger sign would be nice -- maybe even a horizontal one ;-)
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,2/2/2014,149,208,5,8,6>I've been to Sky Zone twice now for their SkyFitness class.  I've never actually been to an open jump session so I can't rate them on that (although I would probably give a low rating if I were due to the stampede of kids that came running towards us after the first class).I didn't actually realize that Sky Zone offers fitness classes until a friend suggested checking it out.  They offer a $5 introductory rate for their fitness class.  Additional classes are $10 each.  You can also get a monthly pass if you plan on going often.  This location is not the most convenient to me, so I just continue doing one-off classes.I wasn't exactly sure what to expect for this workout.  I thought maybe we would just be jumping the entire hour.  You end up spending about half the class doing jump things and the other half doing regular workouts that focus on your arms, legs and core.  You can either wear their special shoes or go barefoot.  After doing both options, I would suggest going barefoot.  It's a lot easier to do some of the jumping and running across the trampolines without the bulky shoes.It's really a great workout and it's something different.  There's usually about 15 people in class.  I'll keep dropping in whenever I get the chance.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,2/1/2014,286,463,4,9,9>Our first visit was this past Saturday and it was pretty darn fun! Battle and Brew is located right off 75 in Marietta in a strip mall.  You can't miss it.When we first walked in, we didn't know what to expect but couldn't help notice the stack of video games at the front desk.  It was clear that this was truly a gaming bar. For some reason, I was expecting arcades like the ones at The Joystick Bar but the set up here was different.As you look around, everyone was in their own world with their eyes glued to the tv screen or computer monitor playing a popular video game. I am not a gamer myself but I am familiar with the latest video games that are being played by millions around the world. I stopped by with my boyfriend and our friend Cristian I. We had a blast. The food was great, the beer was unique (i.e. they serve watermelon beer!!) and we all saw ourselves returning in the near future.  The staff at B & B were super friendly and welcoming.Expect to feel like you're at someone's man cave or the basement of your friend's parents' house when you're there. I'm guessing this is what the owners are going for because I sure felt like I was in high school again.The overhead music here is far better than your typical bar. It's a good mix of tunes.All in all, this is not for everyone and if you're afraid or turned off by video gamers or gaming culture then this is definitely not a place you want to end up at, at 1 am.  But if you love these types of places, then you'll be right at home at Battle and Brew.(Lastly, a shout out to our friend Tom E. : We missed you this time around but hopefully you'll be able to check out B & B with us, the next time you're in town!)
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,1/31/2014,69,313,3,6,5>We were so excited to see that there was a brewery coming to Alpharetta. And after stopping by to give it a try, a pretty dang good brewery at that!  They are set up in an office park but it perfectly suits them and the atmosphere they have created. They have live music, arcade games, and tables  spread out for socializing.  They also will take you on a tour of the brewery where they give you the history of why Jekyll has its name and how it came to be, also where the names of the beers originated.  They serve their beer in mason jars- Very southern and very appropriate :)  Also have cool looking shirts and caps.   We have started tosee their beers in growler stores around town as well. Cant wait to bring friends and out of towners in for a taste.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,1/30/2014,44,68,7,9,7>I've only been here once, but the service I received was pretty impressive. My finance and I went here just to get his wedding band re-sized because it was too big. He bought it in Miami and we have no plans of returning there just to re-size a ring. This Shane Co. is close to us and I saw they had decent reviews.As soon as we walk in you are immediately welcomed. I guess you should be since this store focuses on the sale of precious stones. We went in on a Monday afternoon, so there were not too many people in there, but all the sales associate were willing to help. We were assisted by Jason and he was really nice and helpful. He told us the prices of how much it would be to get the ring re-sized. It cost $48 to get it 1.5 sizes down from the original size. I'm guessing that price is average. Jason said it will take about two days for it to be completed. We were taken to the back of the store were they take care of all the "alterations" for the jewelry. You pay ahead of time and they give you a receipt with the pick up time.My fiance just picked up his ring this afternoon and it fits perfectly now! Even though I didn't go there to buy jewelry, I still looked around at their selection. If you're up for buying an engagement ring they have a nice selection of different varieties to choose from. *Side note: I like the complimentary goodies they have here! They had an assortment of cookies , mints, coffee and teas for your enjoyment. They looked really good, but I'm on a diet, so no cookies for me. Also if it's raining they have umbrellas by the door with a sign saying "Take a umbrella and just bring it back on your next visit!" Wow! That's pretty nice. I just wonder how many people actually bring them back.I had a good experience with this place, so I will be coming back once I feel the need to buy some nice jewelry.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,1/29/2014,140,186,4,11,5>It's been a rainy, cold, wet, gray Saturday, the kind of wintery day that makes you think about soups and blankets on the couch, not summer food like hot dogs and corn dogs and sausage sandwiches. But that's there we ended up for lunch, and I don't regret it one bit.There's three long rows of booths and tables that lead to the counter where you place your order. The place was packed when we got there but the line moved quickly, and the staff was young and friendly. I'm a simple hot dog gal - none of that fancy stuff for me, (I know, I know), so I got the kraut dog, which is exactly what it sounds like: a plain hot dog covered in sauerkraut. My husband got the Polish dog, and we added some fries and a drink for a combo, and we shared a corn dog. About $15 buckeroos. Everything was really good. Sure, my choice was pretty vanilla but it was very tasty - if you can get simple done right, you get my vote. The Polish, done Maxwell style, was also very good. The corn dog batter didn't taste frozen, and I don't know if they make it there but it was done well - a good size and not too sweet. The food was fresh and the buns were soft and had teeny poppyseeds on them. Bonus! They offer a couple of sandwiches, all kinds of hot dog styles and toppings, and sides like onion rings and potato salad. We almost didn't get a place to sit after placing our order because all the tables were filled, but we snagged one once someone left. They also have outdoor seating but I think I'll try that at a more reasonable time of year ;)
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2013,1/28/2014,46,28,4,7,4>I had no idea Monterrey's was a chain. Until a few days ago, I only knew of one in Columbia, SC that I frequented (turns out there are, like, 6 in Columbia). Imagine my delight when I discovered that they actually have 72 locations, according to their website, and that one of them was only 15 minutes away from my house!This location has much more of a chain feel to it, which I don't think is a bad thing. I love the one in Columbia (yelp.com/biz/monterrey-m) for the food, but it wasn't exactly the nicest restaurant. I like the overall look and atmosphere of this location way better.I went with my boyfriend, who also loves Monterrey's, on a Friday night around 7:30. People were standing around outside, so we thought we were going to have to wait, but we were seated right away. We sat inside, but I really liked that they have patio seating. Next time I go, I'd like to sit out there and enjoy a few beers.I was desperately hoping the menu would be the same as the Columbia location I'd been to and I was not disappointed! In fact, it seemed like they had the same things and MORE. This is a trivial thing to comment on, but the menus were super nice. They were clean, colorful, and easy to read, which is more than I can say for the very old ones at the Monterrey's I'd been to in Columbia. If you're a regular reader of my reviews, you probably know that I am a creature of habit and when I find something I like, I always order that thing. I am not a foodie. I enjoy lots of different food and I'll try lots of things, but when I really like something, I don't take it for granted. My go-to meal here is the Monterrey Cheese Steak. Heaven in my mouth. I don't even know what makes it so delicious. The cheese probably. I was slightly disappointed in this particular location's version of the cheese steak, though. It tasted the same, but the presentation was different. They looked like two tacos, as opposed to burritos. I like them rolled up because they're easier to eat with a fork. However, this location earns points for giving me more rice (I love the rice!) and also for the option to choose one cheese steak or two. I believe the other location I've been to automatically gives you two. Don't get me wrong, I will always get two because they're so good, but I like having options.Speaking of options, they have what seems like endless meal combos here. It's like a mix 'n match type deal. One enchilada, one taco, one burrito. Five enchiladas. One quesadilla, a chalupa, and rice and beans. Pretty much anything you can imagine. And the prices are very reasonable.The staff was friendly and our food came out SO fast. I'm talking some of the fastest service I've ever experienced. I usually finish a beer in the time it takes my food to get to the table, but I'd only taken 3 sips of mine before my food was put in front of me. And it was hot enough that I knew it hadn't been sitting in the back forever. It was fresh.I think my only complaint is that there's no beer menu. Or at least we weren't presented with one. There was a little sign on the table that gave prices for beers (draught and bottled) according to size (12 oz, 16 oz, pitcher, etc.) and margaritas, but the only logo on the sign was Dos Equis. I know they had to have much more of a selection than Dos Equis, but I ordered it anyway. I really like Dos Equis, but I would've liked to know my other draught options, too. I just hate to be that person asking the server to rattle off every single drink option they have.Oh, and they have amazing chips and salsa. As a chips and salsa lover, I have to make sure I put that in this review.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,1/27/2014,22,75,5,7,4>We have been boldly searching for a new Chinese restaurant since moving to Atlanta.  Chicago is probably one of the cities where you can get some of the best Chinese food.  Nothing beats eating a meal in China town, *sigh*.I tried Canton Cooks solely based on Yelp reviews.  I trust you guys so much, but I had to wonder if folks from Atlanta knew what really good Chinese food was (no offense).  Turns out you guys actually know what you are talking about.I was really excited about trying this place because I really really really wanted some egg foo young.  However, I checked the menu and because it was so large I did not find it.  So I settled for some sweet and spicy shrimp with shrimp fried rice, egg rolls and crab rangoon.I'm just going to put out a blanket statement and say that I LOVED everything.  However, my husband is very picky in his ways when it comes to Chinese food.  He did not like the egg rolls, but he's not the one writing the review.I only dock one star because I find out after the fact that egg foo young is on the menu, except it's on the back of the menu.  I had the misfortune of assuming that alcohol would be on the back of the menu, as it is in most restaurants.Thanks Atlanta for your honest reviews.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,1/26/2014,195,325,,11,3>Driving down Bells Ferry, I commented to my husband, "this restaurant has been in business for as long as we've lived here.  They've got to be doing something right." So I got home, looked up Thai Ginger on Yelp -- and was delighted to see a number of positive reviews.  If you arrive between 4:30 and 7:30, you're entitled to their "Happy Hour" special.  Basically, for the price of your entrée you get salad or a gratis bowl of soup, a spring roll, and a dish of ice cream for dessert.We based our choice of entrées on fellow Yelpers' recommendations:  green curry chicken and tamarind duck.  Both were so good. The duck was moist and flavorful, the skin crisp and tasty. The curry arrived mild -- just as we asked -- but with subtle zing to keep it interesting.And as far as the freebies:  I love coconut chicken soup (tom ka kai) and Thai Ginger does a fine job.  It's not as rich as what I'm used to, and they might go heavier on the lemon grass, but you certainly taste cilantro (which is one of my favorite herbs.)The spring roll was ... a spring roll -- I would have preferred a basil roll -- and dessert:  what a nice touch!  Expecting them to serve only vanilla, the server (who I believe is the owner) offered butter pecan, strawberry, coconut and a couple of other flavors.I never considered going to Thai Ginger because of its lackluster façade and middle-of-nowhere location -- but you know what they say about judging a book by its cover......
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,1/25/2014,2,65,2,8,2>V's Barbershop is a great place to get a men's haircut.  Even the though the name isn't terribly descriptive for the type of service or atmosphere you'll be part of at V's, it has a comfortably modern and clean feeling to it.  It's also geared heavily toward guys, with TV's at every barber station and sports memorabilia on the walls.  All the amenities are top notch, well organized and displayed.  Everything has been very well thought out and once you go inside you'll realize it doesn't feel like a cookie cutter barber shop.  What I enjoy is that they will ask how you want your haircut, instead of just automatically pulling out the clippers and going to town so they can crank you out in 10 minutes or less.  For me I enjoy a barber who uses scissors and the clippers to get the job done.  So far I've been 2 times and have had Lamar as my barber, who I would highly recommend.  He is a great at his craft and is easy to talk to while remembering his customers.  In my book there is something to be said for a place that remembers you and allows you to feel truly welcome.  As a tip, you can make reservations at their website and you can get a buck off for fathers and sons who go together.   This is a great neighborhood place to get a haircut, and if you are looking for more than just the cheapest 5 minute buzz cut in town than swing by V's Barbershop to give it a try.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,1/24/2014,16,6,7,10,6>Enter the restaurant, go straight to the buffet, grab some food, grab a drink, sit down and enjoy, pay at the end. Water is free but they charge for drinks and coffee. You don't have to tip, everything is self-service. (Unless Im wrong, and if you do need to tip, let me know.)This place for lunch is good.. 699 AYCE (all you can eat).. the entrees get switched up daily. Their dahl (type of lentil bean soup) is really good. If the curry is too strong, try having it with the plain yogurt they provide at the salad bar. Great combo. The naan (bread at the far left side of the buffet bar) is good but only good when it comes out fresh and hott. It's good to eat with any of the available curries that suit your taste. When you're done, it would be nice to try their sweets, (dessert) they usually have a sticky, white, rice-like dessert. Really sweet, just try a little bit at first. If you like it, get more!While you're eating, you may watch the indian channel where they play intense dramas.. they usually play thriller dramas.. I feel it might be horror. Anyway what I watched was pretty intense. Um. Just enjoy the food and be happy.This food is good and ill have it when I crave it but for some reason, I get food drunk from this place. Meaning ill get so full that I get lightheade and I start to laugh a lot and walk around like a drunk person. And some people may think its because I overate but this feeling only comes about after eating here. Hm. I'm not going to suggest anything is wrong with the food, but its a personal observation.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,1/23/2014,36,138,2,5,2>Definitely a hidden gem in Dunwoody, the owners have created a concept around a food that has global appeal - PIE! That Pie Place has perfected the portable version that is great for dining in or taking it to-go.I went with friends recently and we were amazed at how many different types of savory and sweet pies were available - and all made fresh to order. The owners created a process where all pies are baked in a mere 3 minutes, so no long waits for your delicious treat. Some of the savory options include Chicken Cordon Bleu, Jerk Chicken, Buffalo Chicken (their top seller), Cuban, Chicken Pot Pie, Meat lovers (tastes like a calzone) and new to the menu for the holidays - Thanksgiving (complete with gravy).The sweeter versions are your classics and some new takes. Apple, Cherry, Peach, Elvis, and my fave - the S'mores pie. So good!!! They also have a Sweet Potato pie for the holidays as well. The fillings - both sweet and savory are sourced from local ingredients - love that the apples & crust are from Merciers Orchards in Blue Ridge, GA. We shared several pies and they were all really good.I saw a sign that featured a 'Breakfast pie' with eggs and sausage inside (YUM!), but it's not available just yet at the Dunwoody location. They do have plans to expand and so think it may be available at the new spot. The restaurant has one of those Coke Freestyle machines and also features some tasty beer selections - including some locals like Monday Night and faves like Fat Tire.Free parking, easy to get to, off Peachtree Dunwoody near Home Depot just south of Mt. Vernon.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,1/22/2014,115,262,3,9,5>I read the Yelp reviews first (of course!) and ordered Parmesan Fries on my first visit. Delicious, gooey perfection. I agree with Addy C. about the tacos: they're yummy, but I could do with a bit more cabbage and a lot less iceberg. I'm sure it's a cost saving measure, but I ended up just pulling half the lettuce off before eating my tacos.Husband and I shared the fries. I had a steak taco and a spicy pork taco. He had quesadillas with kimchi and spicy pork. This turned out to be a LOT of food, and we brought most of the quesadilla home with us. Next time I won't get so much. But I will definitely be back! The food was yummy and our servers were great (two different young ladies assisted us at various times). Service was prompt and our water glasses were always filled.MJ's is very close to being a 5-star review for me. I am admittedly stingy with my 5-stars, most especially if I've only been to a place once. I will update my review after visiting again.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,1/21/2014,705,1112,10,12,9>I have been hesitant to write this review for two reasons:  (1) The Royal Oak Pub is a little hidden gem that I wanted to keep all to myself and (2) I have no idea how to describe the concentrated awesome-ness that surges through this place.  It's just...too...much...The Royal Oak is an unassuming bar nestled in a little shopping center between a Starbucks and a tiny little spa.  If you didn't know it was there, you wouldn't know it was there.  From the outside it looks like nothing special, but in the inside there is SO MUCH SPECIAL!The inside of the Royal Oak reminds me of my favorite little pubs in Chicago.  There are tin ceilings, a long sturdy oak bar with tons of bar stools, and incredibly friendly bartenders (HI BETH!!) ready to mix whatever your heart desires and serve it to you in a frosty glass.  If sitting at the bar isn't your thing, they also have a row of comfy booths that at times can feel a little secluded and (dare I say it) a bit romantic in a sexy wrong-side-of-the-tracks way.I don't know where to begin with the food, either.  Everything is good.  EVERYTHING.  I typically get the Ploughman's platter, because I have a soft spot for a delicious scotch egg and a big hunk of warm bread topped with Branston pickle.  Their fish and chips are also great.  As an added bonus, there are bottles of malt vinegar readily available on the bar and in the booths.  But the Royal Oak doesn't only do Irish/British pub grub well, they do EVERYTHING well.  The burgers are great, the Wednesday night taco specials are great, and the weeknight happy hour menu is the bomb!  Last night, Heidi and I discovered how amazing their nachos are...we inhaled them!  The Royal Oak is like my Cheers.  I always feel comfortable when I'm there and it's my go-to place for great food and good conversation...washed down with a nice pint of Guinness.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,1/20/2014,489,857,7,13,10>This is a small place off of 41. You can't even see the sign from the road. You have to look for the Waffle House or Falafel Cafe and go into the shopping center. When you walk in, everything looks basic. It gives an authentic atmosphere. The lady here is sweet and talks in an accent.They have lunch specials for the chicken dishes (curry, jerk, etc.). It comes with beans and rice. For about $6, it's a lot of food.I tried their oxtail. It also came with beans, rice, and cabbages. I don't know what they did the to cabbages and the rice, but they tasted great. It seemed like they poured some of the oxtail stew broth all over the rice and cabbage. The flavors permeated into the rice and made it taste good. The oxtails themselves were good. I liked it. The flavors were subtle but comforting. It was a solid dish.I tried some of their jerk chicken. She kept warning us that the jerk chicken is spicy. And it was spicy. I liked the flavor and the heat. Also, they cooked it right because the meat was falling off of the bone. The chicken still had the dry texture though. But I enjoyed it.I think Paulee's is a great Caribbean restaurant in Marietta, It's one of the better ones I've been to. I need to come back and try their Griot.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,1/19/2014,204,194,1,10,7>We were the only customers that Shandiz House of Kabob had when we were there for their Saturday night dinner service, and that's a damn shame.  Our experience there was simply excellent.  If my Yelp reviews serve any purpose at all, may it be served with this one.This is a small family run restaurant that takes great pride in their excellent Middle Eastern cuisine - and they should because it is VERY tasty.  The décor may be lacking, as is common with small shopping center restaurants, but they make up for it in every other relevant area: the family was very friendly, and the food was fresh, flavorful, well-portioned, and reasonably priced.  At the risk of sounding a bit cliché, you could really taste the love in their offerings.  We started off with, (what else?), hummus!  I really liked how they prepared their hummus.  Served with pita, it was creamy, not too oily, flavored with sumac, and topped with a single olive.  It was definitely some of the best hummus I've ever had (and believe me, I've eaten a lot of hummus).For my entrée, I ordered the kubideh and chicken kabob combo with rice.  My wife ordered the beef barg kabob with rice.  Naturally, we shared each other's kabobs to get the full experience!  Our entree's came out plated with a roasted Roma tomato and a mound of white rice that had been topped with saffron rice.  The (owner/manager?) checked on us and suggested that we add the tomato to our rice along with some sumac (provided in a shaker at our table) to get the best flavor.  That was very thoughtful and friendly of him to suggest to us.  Oh, and the kabobs!  I really enjoy cooking at home, and all I could do here is be in complete awe with how they were able to extract so many wonderful flavors from the meat and seasonings.  All of the kabobs - the beef barg (tenderloin), kubideh (ground beef), and chicken were very tasty.Note: Using a Scout Mob deal that they are currently offering, I was able to save about $10 off of our meal.  What are you waiting for?  Give this place a try - you won't regret it! (This is my 100th Yelp review, and I can't think of a better way to mark the occasion than to give Shandiz House of Kabob the five-star rating that they truly deserve)
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,1/18/2014,131,163,3,8,5>Kurt's Bistro surprised me.  It's one of those places that is less than 5 miles from my house but I never realized it was there.  That was my loss.  This place is delightful.I arrived early for my group's reservation so I sat at the bar for a drink.  They've got about eight imported beers on tap, including Spaten Optimator and Oktoberfest--two of my favorites.  The price for a half liter of Optimator is $7 (or $14 for a full liter); a bit pricy, but in my opinion worthwhile.While I waited I had ample time to drink in the ambiance.  Even though Kurt's has only been in its current location for a couple of years, the place feels very "worn in."  I mean that in the most complimentary way possible.  It isn't kitschy or touristy, but it feels authentically like a little slice of Europe that's been around for decades.  The atmosphere put me immediately at ease.  Or maybe that was the beer?Service was courteous and attentive, both at the bar and at the table.  Our server for the evening had a knack for appearing exactly when we needed something.  He was quick with the refills too.My entree was the Schwabian Platter ($19) which consists of two kinds of wursts, a smoked pork chop, sauerkraut and German potato salad.  Every item on that plate was perfectly cooked and flavorful.  The pork chop was the star of the show--I had never before had a chop prepared so tender and with such a smokiness.  I'm not ashamed to admit that I gnawed the bone.Even the freshly baked bread and chive butter served before the meal was amazing.I was so at ease that I could have sat in Kurt's all night socializing and drinking Spaten after Spaten.  But all good things must end.  No worries: I'll be back soon.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,1/17/2014,90,173,3,8,6>My mom lives in Woodstock and it's hard to find a spot for lunch that isn't some chain without going way out of the way. She was looking up reviews and found this gem. Driving up, it looks like a cute house with some parking behind it. I knew something was up when at noon on a Friday the lot was full! Walking inside we had a short wait for a table, but were situated quickly enough. I do agree that the entryway is a bit of an issue as you spend your time switching corners as you are waiting to allow people to get in and out. Our waitress was a joy. She was a fast talker but answered any and all questions you had. She quickly told us the specials and brought out the lemon curd and whipped cream for the scones.Frankly I didn't expect such delicious treats from this place! We chose the Christmas Tea to start. It was very aromatic and flavorful. From there we chose the Curry Almond Rolls and I got the Chicken Salad Croissant for my meal. I expected warm curry chicken fried balls, but instead these rolls looked more like truffles, and were surprisingly tasty. It was a unique take on the dish and I enjoyed it.The Chicken Salad Croissant was also delicious. It came with a side salad and a couple scones. Honestly, the scones were my favorite part! Putting the curd and cream on them...heaven. The Croissant was also very delicious. Moist but not too moist, seasoned well, and the croissant wasn't that grocery store overly buttery mess, but instead had a good crust.Our waitress insisted on us trying her favorite tea, which had a coconut base. I'm glad she brought it out to us, it was the right balance of spice and sweetness and a great end to our meal. Although this spot can seem kitschy with the gift shop little tea cups, I enjoyed myself. The only qualm I have about the place is having to pay in the gift shop, it gets pretty crowded in there.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,1/16/2014,9,114,2,10,5>The quality of artistry at AON is a step above most other shops in Atlanta, especially if you are looking for realism. As a result, if you want one of the better artists, you're going to have to wait awhile (as in months). Trust me when I say that it's worth it.I would give customer service from the front staff a B+. I've been greeted promptly every time I come in and the staff is generally polite. As for the artists, I can only comment on Mike McMahon who recently did a half sleeve for me. Mike is by far one of the most professional tattoo artists I've ever worked with. We consulted for almost an hour until we made sure the design matched what he felt would come out well and what met my expectations/desires.I was in the chair for 9 hours and always felt like I was being well taken care of. Canada (employee) even picked me up some lunch while going out to pick up lunch for the employees.Without question, this gets my vote for one of the best shops in Atlanta.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,1/15/2014,111,68,3,9,6>After seeing the 3 1/2 average rating for F&B I was definitely skeptical about this place, boy was I wrong. Although we were fashionably late (15 min) and the hostess cannot be any more courateous and seat us right away. Although the the dining area is very open and modern there were elements of coziness(perfect for date night *wink *wink). The staff are very friendly and they know their stuff. Of course my date didn't  care to read over the whole menu before coming and since I am a vegan, the food part gets pretty tricky(but it's okay will deal with him later). Most plates are tapas size which is my favorite because I have a commitment problem and if it sucks I don't feel obligated to finish the whole plate. For appetizer we start with the spring peas hummus(pretty damn tasty). My date ordered the Moules Marinière(mussels in a white wine sauce) and he loved it. I of course ordered the spring salad...it taste like the same sald any where else.Now my favorite thing about F&B is their bar and craft drinks. Since I am a vegan I cannot eat most of the items on the menu...I decide to drink my calories instead. The name for their craft drinks cannot be any funnier. We decided on THE MOTHER & THE WHORE which compose of hendricks, cucumber, mint, lime juice, stinging nettle cordial, seltzer, rose water tincture. OMG...it was so delicious that we decided to order 4 more. cool bar, nice little patio outside. Deffinielty a must try restaurant!Enjoy :)
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,1/14/2014,108,284,,4,2>I love Fresh to Order. Before coming here, I've only eaten at the Cumberland location since my work place always cater from them. Because of that reason, I became a fan and have been eating there since then.I decided to go to the Sandy Springs location to meet up with a coworker from out of town. It's located right off Roswell Road near Fanoos & Punchline. I love the stylish modern look since I've only been to the Cumberland location and it's located inside the mall. Inside it looks like a cool cafe. The staff was sweet.My fave dish is the veggie panini. It's so flavorful and healthy. Side dish is either chips or apples. I usually upgrade and pay more for a fruit salad since I prefer melons in my fruits. I've had the meat versions too but the veggie one is so freaking good. If I could eat it every day along with Indian food, I'll be a vegetarian.They have the best chocolate chip cookies ever. Seriously.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,1/13/2014,85,207,2,5,4>Wow! This place!!! I am a popcorn head,....seriously, as time has moved forward in my life I have a great deal of respect for the REAL stuff, not that microwave crap:-(This past Christmas, I purchased an authentic old style popper and was quite excited about it too! Kroger had em on sale for $39.99 and everywhere else I checked (and I did a lot of checking around. even online) they were sooo stinkin high, like over $60. For my frugal'ness that was too much. After my purchase I set out to find the perfect popcorn kernels and seasonings that were a tad beyond the norm. This is when I happened upon Popcorn Haven! No, they don't sell kernels or seasonings but I got some ideas while visiting the store. First I was Christmas shopping on Dec 13th, got stuck in traffic so I was just looking around and spotted Popcorn Haven. Of course I was excited, so I whipped in the parking lot and cruised on in...... The first thing I noted once inside was they carried 250 flavors??? I was like "yeah sure"!The two staff members were very friendly and allowed for samples so I tried a few out. Also one of their regular customers was there so we struck up a conversation and I was richly enlightened although its more exciting for me to pop my own fresh. Speaking on fresh, surprisingly the popcorns in those huge opaque canisters are not stale at all.  I tasted the crab, hot cheese, bacon and cheddar and salt n vinegar. All were very good. There was no way I was leaving without a purchase now, my mouth was watering for more. I also learned they use a technique for flavoring that's interesting, I think the term used was "fusing" the flavors right in the popcorn which leaves less mess on the fingers.Well I was impressed and even though I now pop my own with my new Christmas toy, I will still "pop in" Popcorn Haven and make an occasional purchase:-). Btw the most interesting seasonings for my taste thus far are Asiago cheese/cracked black pepper and Curry mixed with Spike
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,1/12/2014,148,167,3,5,4>I was led to Lemon Grass when I joined yelp earlier this year.  I was looking for some decent chinese food that was nearby and even though there's thai in the name, this is what popped up for me.I've only had the plain vegetable fried rice with no egg and the veggie spring rolls.  The rice is different from the usual fried rice I've ever ordered and can be overloaded with onions and other assortment of vegetables, so my advice would be to to ask them to go easy on the onions.  The spring rolls are good, a bit on the greasy side sometimes...but it's a good greasy.  When I get them to go they're super hot and start melting the styrofoam container before I get home.  Service is fine, the ladies that are in the front are quick and helpful when placing an order.  I've never had to wait long for a to go order, I've also never sat down to eat so getting my food to go is a yay for me.  Parking can be a tad full because the location is next to a bar, but there's still plenty of spaces in front of the other shops.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,1/11/2014,25,144,6,8,5>I knew we were in for a treat when I noticed we were the only non-Indian people in the whole restaurant.This place is fantastic.  I'm not a newbie to Indian food, but I agree with many of the reviews that this is straight-up authentic northern Indian cuisine.  You won't find any Indo-Chinese stuff on the menu here, but that's a good thing.We started with vegetable samosas, which went very well with the chutneys they brought out.  She was in the mood for Manchurian cauliflower, but they didn't have it, so she ordered Aloo Gobhi Masala with roasted cauliflower, tomato and potato in vegetable broth.  This dish was good, but not overly impressive.  The flavors were muted and need some extra spice.  I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo, which was the hit of the night.  So much flavor and spicy like the natives order it.  Yikes, but it's awesome.We will difinitely return.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,1/10/2014,180,306,,10,6>Vin 25 is an intimate, highly rated Wine Bar with a food menu specifically designed around it. Sitting just feet off of Roswell's famed Canton Street, it is a place to relax, chat, and enjoy superb food and wine pairings. Lengthy high tops inside with a mix of tables, Adirondack chairs, and firepits outside make this one prime location to enjoy shoulder season weather. The white, filament lights strung overhead cast a pleasant glow after sundown and give the ample outdoor seating a relaxed if not romantic mood. This is the patio you wish you built off your house.Vin 25 features over 200 International wines with 25 of those always available by the glass (hence the name). A full bar is also available and offers artisan spirits and craft beers from all over the world. If you can't find something you like here, you're one tough cookie.The chef driven menu is seasonally inspired and designed with the wine, beer and spirits in mind, portioned to encourage sharing and pairing. The menu here pops. From the utterly divine Mushroom, Bacon, and Cheese Arancinis (Fried Risotto Balls) to salads with refreshing dressings, creamy cheeses, and perfectly salted pork, the menu is divided into three plating types depending on how light or heavy you want your meal. The pork dishes are heaven, and the sides and saucing as impressive as the plating.Vin 25 delivers with a knockout combo of ambience, selection, and flavorful dishes. The atmosphere and pace lends itself to romantic dates, relaxing evenings out, or just a place to unwind with a silky smooth glass of vino.A delightful cottage wine bar reminiscent of Napa or Sonoma wine houses with offerings and tastes for the novice to Master Sommelier
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,1/9/2014,157,111,3,4,4>A new Korean bakery and cafe along the stretch of Buford Highway. Looks small from the outside and once you go in, bake goods galore to your right and seats with tables to your left. It is very shiny since it is so new. The smell wasn't too great, smelled like bleach or something chemically, not really a smell I would expect from a bakery but perhaps it can put my mind at ease that they are very clean? (Reason for the minus star)That day I purchase tiny macaroons in these cute little plastic domes, strawberry bread (high recommended), strawberry fresh cream croissant (recommend), and fresh cream green tea strawberry cake (also recommended). All these purchases made my taste buds dance...it was sweet but not overly sweet. They also have a "no-sugar" bread that has been certified as not having any sugar...how that happens, I have no idea but I would like to try it.It is also a cafe where you can get your espresso, cappuccino, etc...I didn't order a drink but perhaps if I can bypass the breads and cakes...I might.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,1/8/2014,18,135,2,7,3>Wow the fish here are really beautiful... Lot of Nemos... I could stand there all day watching the fish...  They have all the exotic variety of fishes here.. huge tanks.. My wife also liked this place :-) They even supply water for the fish tanks depending on what type you need.. salt or fresh.. which I thought was really good.. You can come in and fill it up yourself and pay per gallon.. without having to worry about treating it yourself when you are dealing with exotic and costly fishes.. I realized that I saw quite a few of them when I went snorkeling in the Dry tortugas in key west....
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,1/7/2014,328,633,4,7,7>"Professor, I was wondering if you could tell us about the Chamber of Secrets." -- Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (2002)I love being surprised with a gem in an unsuspecting place.  I love Italian and I will always say yes to an Italian place because of my love of pastas and pizzas/flatbread and the like.  Give me a great chicken piccata or marsala and I am a happy girl.  But this was the kind of day where I wanted something lighter.  That is not an easy thing to do at an Italian spot.My two lunchmates and I all went for the Piadas on the menu - this is a wrap stuffed with angel hair pasta, other ingredients (dependent on the variety you choose) and served with one of their sides of your choice.  I opted for the Florentine, which was Chicken, arugula, balsamic tomatoes, mozzarella and segreto sauce (not sure what is in that, but it was delish).  They wrap everything up and put it on a panini press and it is so yummy.It was not too heavy, the right size for lunch and the pasta helped make it filling.  So the trick for picking a side was that the sandwich is already starchy, so I needed to pick a non-starchy side for myself.  As much as I wanted the truffle fries, I opted for the garlic green beans instead.  You never know with green beans, but they came fresh (I swear just picked from the garden) tossed with a little garlic and oil and some balsamic grape tomatoes.  Not over cooked, perfectly crunchy and oh so delicious.  I love fresh green beans and they did not disappoint.  I did bogart a truffle fry from one of my lunch companions - it came with a marinara-type sauce on the side instead of ketchup.  They were pretty great too.  Perfectly fried, not too much truffle oil, and a sprinkle of both Parmesan cheese and sea salt.  Yum.Now let's talk service, while our server was very nice and not overly talkative, and our water glasses were kept full, service was S-L-O-W.  I know that when a restaurant is not packed with diners, the kitchen and servers can have a more lackadaisical attitude towards service... but this is a trend I dislike.  Some of us have jobs to get back to so lunch taking over an hour is not desirable.  Work on the service and you will get that 5th star - I want to come back for dinner sometime (hint for a UYE) or for an event (might be a great spot, Heidi P).  The waiter was nice to give us menus to take with us to drool over and tempt us to come back for another meal.  I'll be back.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,1/6/2014,23,55,1,8,5>I have zero complaints about this place. I have recently transitioned to a "work at home" gal except I can't just sit at home and be productive. I need background noise. I think I have found my new office at Rev. There are tables a-plenty. The prices are way cheaper than Starbucks and the coffee is better in my opinion. There are a lot of outlets for laptops everywhere, even outside. The staff is really friendly. The bathroom is clean. The interior is awesome - looks like it used to be an auto repair shop. I can't think of a single thing wrong. Now please don't go here. I don't want the place to get too crowded :)
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2013,1/5/2014,86,443,4,5,3>This place has a comfortable tasting room with a good amount of seating and standing area with tables to set your beer down. Major props to these guys for having root beer for the designated drivers. It was interesting to see how the canning operation works and to hear the impact of canning vs bottling on the microbrewer. Cans have to be printed in lots in the 1000s, plus there is a significantly larger setup fee to make a can than to print a label that can be glued onto any brown bottle. This makes getting the seasonal beers to market a lot more difficult. However, you can get access to all their seasonals through growler stores and their tasting room, so I don't feel that I'm missing out. In conclusion, I think they win the most clever beer name with Watership Brown.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,1/4/2014,265,275,2,4,2>This place is hidden gem! I've dined here twice and both times walked away feeling impressed and satisfied. On my most recent visit, a group of us came to celebrate a birthday. The restaurant had a steady flow of business but our service was never compromised. Our server was fast, friendly, and attentive, and even answered all our questions with an enthusiastic smile. At the end of the meal, they offered the birthday girl a complimentary dessert and sang the birthday song, even without us requesting.The sushi here is delish! I've ordered it both visits. The Fuji roll is a popular favorite and a must try! It isn't the best sushi I've ever had, but it's undeniably good sushi and gets the job done for a laid-back Sandy Springs joint.One of the things I really commend about this place is its cleanliness. If you've read many of my previous reviews, you'll know that's a huge factor in my likeliness of a restaurant. This place is great when it comes to cleanliness, which is a win in my book. If you're in the area and haven't tried this place, what are you waiting for?!
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,1/3/2014,87,44,5,6,5>To me, this is the best venue in Atlanta. I've never had a bad experience here, even when it's been pouring down rain. The staff is always friendly and they've got the parking situation down. And the sound, which is the most important part, is awesome.Don't mind me if I start going into uber sound nerd mode, but I have to partly review this as a sound engineer. I've worked in live sound before. Maybe not a huge venue like this, but I know how tough it can be. I am just always amazed at how awesome the mix sounds here. No matter where you sit, everything is very well balanced. I've also never experienced the venue having any technical difficulties.Perhaps the best judge of this venue is when Steely Dan comes to town. I'm not sure how much tweaking goes on before the actual show, but they always sound fantastic! And for those of you asking "Steely Dan, who is he?", just know that they are one of the pickiest bands out there in terms of getting a particular sound. But, the drums and bass (which are crucial to a good mix) always sound super sexy, and you can actually hear them separately. Imagine that! That kick drum punch is exactly how I want to hear it. I absolutely love watching/listening to Jon Herington and Keith Carlock play here. Let's face it, if you can accommodate Steely Dan properly here, you can mix anyone. OK, back to non-soundy things. Perhaps my only complaint about the venue is the VIP lounge. I'm not sure I really understand its benefit. Sure, there's another bathroom in there, but the bathrooms in the venue are actually very clean. The VIP bathroom is small, and can get messy quickly with the amount of volume going through there. They also have better food in the VIP area, but you still have to pay for it. With the extra ticket cost, I'd want food or at least drinks to be included in that. But, that's just me. I don't mind a regular toilet and a big fatty hot dog and generic beer while I'm at a concert. :)
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,1/2/2014,15,113,3,8,3>I have been searching for a great Indian place here in Atlanta/Smyrna area and I think this is it! I went here at dinner time thinking the buffet was all day. My mistake but oh what a wonderful one. I decided on the shrimp curry dinner that contains 4 or 5 little things on the side for $15. A $15 well spent. The curry was spicy, be warned, but they don't skimp on the shrimp at all. I kept thinking the little pot was magic because the shrimp kept appearing. Now this was also the first time I had a tomato based shrimp curry, very interesting. So interesting in fact that I'm probably going to order it the next time I go. There was no asking of if you want it hot, medium or USA spicy..lol My GF had the chicken kurma or something like that. Tasted like pure curry love. The naan was great to, very thin. Eat it quickly because the second piece I had was so so and sorta flat. Get it..flat? All in all, I will be back and can't wait to try the buffet.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,1/1/2014,107,128,3,4,4>I'm on the hunt for a new take-out place since my usual go-to changed their combination policy. After finding a menu shoved in my door (how do they get in my gated community?), I decided to give them a try. And I also didn't feel like cooking or doing dishes. I ordered the chicken with broccoli combo. It came with soup, egg roll and some dumplings. My SO ordered some sesame beef, and house egg fried rice. We also got a free order of chicken fried rice because our order was over $25 (actually, I don't remember the price, so don't take my word for that). Estimate wait time, 30 minutes. Time of arrival: 30 minutes! I hastily tore open the bag of food and millions of soy sauce and duck sauce packets fell on my floor. A few fortune cookies died on impact from the fall. Gone but not forgotten. Food was hot  and tasty. Portions were huge, so I had plenty for leftovers (everyone knows day old Chinese food is the best!). Turns out, they messed up the order and gave us and extra egg roll and soup. So I got hot & sour soup AND egg drop! They truly know the way to my heart.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/8/2013,12/31/2013,467,559,7,6,5>Did you hear about the guy who overdosed on curry powder? He went into a Korma.Speaking of Korma....This is the closest Indian restaurant to my pad/crib, yet I have not been excited to go based on the reviews. The interior is drab and dark, zero points for ambiance. The waiter and staff were dressed down in equally dark and drab jeans and polo shirts matching the decor. We were the only customers in the restaurant, things not looking good here. We ordered the Thali plates, which came out quickly. Maybe it was because my expectations were low that I found myself pleasantly surprised with the food. Overall really good flavor. The naan bread was perfect, the Thali was great in terms of quality of selection and quantity provided. I would definitely consider take out from here again, but will probably not make this a regular stop for dinner out.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,12/30/2013,70,59,2,11,3>OK, I have not been a long term fan of Gu's; my first exposure was just this year.  And I have noted in another review, I have a problem getting past dishes that I love.So that means that I have not gotten very deep into Gu's menu; and its not for the lack of trying either (the last time I checked I was the "Duke" here). No rather I have hit on a few menu items, that I just find so incredibly tasty, that I order them over and over.What makes Gu's so attractive to me is the nuanced way they use the heat  of Szechuan cuisine as a component of the dish.  I am also a fan of Tasty China and Tasty China II;  but Gu's is different;  they use the heat to accentuate the taste of the dish, rather overwhelm the taste buds as it is all too easy to do.On my last visit to Gu's it was a lunch visit, and I took a good friend with me as a test of my perceptions of the food . . . My lunch guest is Chinese, having been born and raised in Shenzhen.So it was with delight, that he honored me by allowing me to order lunch,Chengdu Noodles  . . . I served my guest and from just the taste, he told me they were house made, and he pronounced the dish as the best he had ever  had ever has outside of Chengdu. While I have never been to the Orient, this to my taste buds, the finest Cold noodle dish I have ever had the pleasure to enjoy. Next course was the Spicy Dried Eggplant ~ this is one of those Szechuan dishes that I order where ever I go. And here at Gu's I have found the gold standard.  I just love the crispy exterior, and that the eggplant is always well cooked, nut its never over cooked.  And the Szechuan peppercorns, Cilantro and the dried peppers just add the exclamation point to the taste of the dish.  And again my lunch partner  pronounced the dish as eminently successful! And on to our final dish of the day, Crispy Fish Filet & Peanuts w/ Red Chili Peppers.  My lunch partner was first to sample the golden fillets.  His pronouncements were music to my ears... his first comment was on the quality in the frying of the fish, noting the way the  coating had separated from the fish, which he noted as requiring great skill, and very close attention to the consistent temperature of the oil while cooking.  His last observation was of the color of the coating , and the complete absence of little black particles, that indicate the use of well used oil.  Then came the confirmation upon tasting the dish, when he confirmed my opinion as this is the best fried fish. That my Chinese spiritual and menu adviser agreed with my less insightful opinion of Gu's was nothing but pleasing to me.  But more pleasing to me was the feeling of satisfaction of another great meal  at Gu's.  Yes I will be back, (I do have more friends that I wish to share this establishment with) and I will even expand my dining experience here ... but then again, why mess with perfection?
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,12/29/2013,58,153,3,6,6>I never knew this place was featured on a Food Network show until I pulled up and saw the truck outside with the logo on it.  This was the next stop on my breakfast biscuit tour of the Cobb County area.  If FN features you...it has to be good.  I was ready to walk in the door and experience the awesomeness.Its a very small spot...with a little kitchen that pumps out fantastic food.  The owners are as nice as they come...very cool and personable. On my first visit, I tried the biscuit with bacon, scrambled egg and cheese.  When the food was ready, the cook told me "I have a feeling you're gonna enjoy this sandwich, it looks really good." Was she right???? Absolutely! I opened it up and saw the most beautiful biscuit I've ever seen.  The sandwich just melted in my mouth...I tried to eat it slowly so it wouldn't end. Best breakfast sandwich I ever had.  I could've swore the bacon was in a weave pattern.  Gotta try it.I went today to try the Slaw Burger.  The amount of flavor oozing from that sandwich was just bananas.  Super crunchy onion rings as well.  All for a great price.  This is one you just cant miss.They do close at 2 so plan ahead!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2013,12/28/2013,95,94,2,5,3>I had the fortunate experience of checking out Table 33 for brunch on a Saturday, early afternoon. The place was pretty empty (a lot of people were enjoying the fall weather outside. Oh, btw, they have a great patio!), so we got a great Al Capone approved table, and had great service. They offer a delightful selection of mimosas, and we shared a carafe of the ginger peach variety. They were scrumptious! Table 33 takes pride in everything being fresh and made in house, so the peach nectar was awesome and homemade and great. I have heard that sometimes they don't have OJ if they run out of fresh squeezed, which is a little strange, but that's a testament to how strongly they believe in everything being fresh. I copped out and got a blintz, which is basically the least adventurous thing on the menu, but it was BOMB. This thing is basically a breakfast egg roll made out of a crepe and is outstanding. Everything in there (bacon, egg, and cheese) was fresh and tasted homemade. The crepe was crispy, but not oily. I got brunch potatoes with it and they also were deliciously homemade. I will say, I got the grits as well (because I'm a fatty) and they were good, but not great. They could step them up with a couple changes (I'd recommend using milk instead of water and putting butter in the grits instead of just having it on the side for me to add myself). I ate them all, but I've had better. The service was great. Our server had good food suggestions, and aside from chastising my choice of a blintz in lieu of something more adventurous, was EXTREMELY nice. Food came out pretty quick, too.Overall, solid place. I will definitely be back to try something a little more French, and a little less fried, soon!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/24/2013,12/27/2013,45,354,2,9,4>Although I've never been to the Salt Factory location in Roswell, I was looking forward to try out the newest location in Alpharetta. We showed up early on a Saturday evening to get a snack or early dinner. Good thing we did to beat the crowd, but this might be because of the novelty of a new restaurant opening.There were some decent beers on tap and a good wine list, but I didn't see any beers I wanted to try. Upon deciding on getting 5 items for charcuterie, I picked the Educated Guess chardonnay. For the charcuterie plate, they were out of the smoked liverwurst. So we selected the prosciutto, salami, chorizo, and the roquefort and double-cream brie. Out of the 5, I think I enjoyed the salami and roquefort the most, but it was nice that the block included a full-grain mustard, caramelized onions and a stack of bread points drizzled with chive oil. The other meats didn't seem all that special.While my date and I intended on just having the meats and cheese plate, we still felt peckish and agreed to split The Roswell burger. Containing chow chow, candied bacon and cheddar, it had lots of good flavors. Our waitress was smart to have the burger cut in half and for the fries to be evenly divided on two plates - much appreciated. It's kind of a small restaurant, so it's rather cozy when it's busy. Some of the seats are interesting. Technically, we shared a table with another couple but we noticed that there was this small divider in the center of the table to divide what looks like a booth for 6 into two sections - a table for 2 and a table for 4. This is a little awkward since we could hear each other's conversation. Also, if you're sitting in the booths near the bar, it's difficult to get through as you'll have patrons standing next to the bar (when they're aren't enough bar seats) or wait staff carrying plates. Probably not a good restaurant for big groups. If you're looking for another non-chain restaurant to go try in Alpharetta, this is worth a shot.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,12/26/2013,75,190,3,7,3>My boss and I took a group of New Yorkers (and self-proclaimed foodies) here for a business dinner and I guess it's a compliment if they say that this was one of the best steaks they've ever had!The atmosphere is nice here.  Not too modern, but rather a more "homey" feel.  Somewhere where you could spend the next several hours just hanging out.Personally, I was blown away by the food here and it will be more than difficult to accept steak anywhere else.  Yes, it is THAT good.First of all, I had no clue what the difference between dry aged and wet aged was, but our server was very nice and explained it very well (i.e. difference in taste).  I didn't care too much for the salad I ordered... the beet salad. I  just wasn't a fan of the pork belly.  For entrees - I would highly recommend any of the Prime cuts.  I had the New York strip and it was fantastic!  Like most steak places, sides are a-la-carte.  We had truffled fries, brussles sprouts, and (if I remember correctly) spinach.  The brussles sprouts were roasted and really good, but just a little bit on the salty side.It's definitely not cheap, but any place that has Prime cuts of beef won't be cheep.  If you want cheep steaks, there are plenty of places for that.  This is a place to splurge.  Be prepared to spend some $$!  And ENJOY!!
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,12/25/2013,518,132,5,7,7>Wish I could have posted pictures, but I was toooooo hungry... Lol! A friend of mine was at this place ordering food almost every other day, so my son and I decided to give it a try. I knew that something had to have been special about the place when we first pulled up; it was raining cats and dogs and still their was a line at the window ( I joined them in the rain, with raincoat & all).  We order 4 grilled tacos with only cheese and lettuce and a side of rice and refried beans. They added sauce and sourcream on the side. We decided to eat in the car (bad idea- sauce every darn where) since I had other errands to run. The food was really really good. Everything was seasoned well and the service was fast with only 2 people working. This is definitely a spot I will be visiting again soon. Thumbs up Tasty Taco Truck 100000000....We Likey!  Trying a Torta next time.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,12/24/2013,660,107,2,5,2>This location is tucked away just outside of 285 and Peachtree Industrial. You cannot really see it from the main road, but it is there. If you know were Club Oasis is, it is right across the street from there. As most Home Depot's, they have everything you need for your house and more. You could literally build a house from all the materials they carry. I know one of the managers here and this is mainly a contractor location. Many, many contractors come to buy their materials in bulk so they are constantly restocking and revamping the store. There is even an app for iPhone's and Androids that you can use to find your item in the store before you arrive. Basically, go to the app and select the item you want to buy and the map on the app will guide you to the direct location in the store. It is too cool and keeps you from tracking down an associate and makes you look like a pro at Home Depot. Keep your eye out for special deals here too. As holidays approach and seasons change they usually are trying to give something away to make room for new products. I recently purchased a $200, 7-piece patio set for only $49! It was a steal of a deal and I love it! It fits on my patio perfectly. Now I am just waiting on the BBQ Grills to go on clearance. I cannot think of one item for a house that is not carried here. The store is over 100,000 square feet, but yet there are still some items that are too big to store and/or they come in several variations . You can order some items only online. Last couple of notes, if you buy in bulk you get a better price on the majority of the items in the store. In the paint department, there is a section called, "Opps Paint". These are cans of paint that previous customers ordered or had created and did not purchase for one reason or another. Home Depot labels these cans "Opps" and prices them accordingly. 1 gallon cans are only $7! 1 gallon cans usually go for about $30 You can luck up and find the color your looking for so keep an eye out.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,12/23/2013,11,11,3,12,11>Awesome donuts.  Great atypical selection.Yes it is a donut place, so it won't be a place you SHOULD visit frequently.  That being said- it is the best donut place I have been to in Atlanta.  The selection is incredible, and you won't be disappointed.  Going to post some photos, because my description could not do it justice.I had a banana and peanut butter filled yeast donut with a light chocolate icing that was a meal in itelf- but that didn't stop me from trying the bavarian cream either- both of which were done perfectly.  My kids had the sprinkled an powdered donuts- a more standard offering, but they were crisp on the outside and moist on the inside- the way a good cake donut SHOULD be.  They also had a peanut butter cup donut, which I barely got a bite of before it was inhaled by my youngest. . .We grabbed a couple of donuts to go that we didn't have room for but wanted to try, so I'll have to update this review after I have sampled the maple bacon and cheese donut, the strawberry and cream donut, and the massive apple fritter.  While we were ordering, the owner/operator provided the 3 of us with a free pig in a blanket to try.  It was very tasty as well.  A sausage link with a bit of cheese, wrapped in a light & flaky crust.  It was a good call- we needed some protein to balance out the carbs!A few additional things to note- 1. Very good, locally roasted coffee (Smyrna roaster, can't recall the name right now though).  Would be worth going here just for the coffee.  Better than Starbucks for sure!2. Organic fruits!  Fresh organic fruits go into the recipes where it applies.3. They have a SpotOn machine (free rewards program) and pretty frequent payouts (5 visits get you a free coffee, 7 for a free donut. . .)4. A small, but clean and cozy eat-in area, but about a dozen outside tables for nice days.In all, I think we will make our way back here far more often than we should.  Maybe they can start offering smoothies made from organic fruits too.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2013,12/22/2013,15,30,2,3,3>This place was seriously good.The service was fantastic. From the hostess that greeted us, the bartenders and the waiter...they were all super helpful, gracious and informative.We started at the bar with a cocktail (a vodka, prosecco, lemon concoction) and an IPA. Both delicious. The cocktail was light, not too sweet and I would love to drink them all night on a summer patio.Moved to table service where our waiter walked us through the menu. We did a few apps (an arugula salad with fennel, risotto balls and veal meatballs). It's hard to mess up a salad and they didn't..light dressing with a delightful little crustini. The risotto balls were ridiculous...it was like a grown-up mozzarella stick in a tasty red sauce. Meatballs we're ok. They could use a little flavor love.For entrees we got the Carbonara, Ox Tail Ravioli and the Bucatini. We we're all blown away by the Ox Tail dish. Perfect, plump little raviolis in buttery sauce. It was a small portion and we all agreed we could have eaten bowls full of them. The Bucatini was good, not spicy as advertised, it tasted like spaghetti with different, larger noodles with some bacony pieces mixed in (just a thought...a nice spicy sausage would be good here). The Carbonara caused a bit of concern at our table as both of our diners are huge fans and we're underwhelmed.We had some great wine suggested by the sommelier (though probably not up to par with the $71 price tag)Understanding that it's the first few weeks and they are figuring the menu out...I'll be back to try it again. Ordering more boldly...One thing that was missing, as well. Where is the cheese plate? With so many great wines and great italian meats and cheeses, I thought this was a miss.All in all...It was a fun night out. Atmosphere was warm and inviting.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2013,12/21/2013,19,30,2,3,2>There have been mixed reviews for The Mill.  I'm a frequent Yelper and fairly picky, so I wanted to try this place, as I love the Roswell scene.   We decided to try it out this Friday evening and were very happy with our choice.  We had a reservation and were seated right away.  One of the complaints I've heard was bad service, but we never felt unattended and our server, Lauren, was fantastic.  She had great recommendations - everything she suggested was fabulous, and she was personable, attentive, and even gave us a little history and info on the haunted status of the place.  Loved the atmosphere of the restaurant, although it would have been nice if the windows were able to open  - it was a beautiful night and they had entertainment on the patio.  It would have been nice to hear.The food was great - loved the pimento cheese fritters and the butternut squash ravioli starters.  Everyone loved their entrees - scallops, steak, meatloaf  & fried chicken.  Dessert was delicious too - pecan pie and the coca cola cheesecake.  Yum.  We will definitely be back and will spread the word that The Mill is definitely worth going to!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,12/20/2013,231,352,,5,3>Definitely heard about ChaTime before because I've had it in California! This is a pretty good franchise. But i have to say this, "and another one opens up!" Yes, another boba tea place to compete with Quickly, Boba Mocha, and Suno in that particular area. Lattea is out of the picture for boba tea because it's that awful. So far this place only accepts cash, which is an inconvenience. Their boba tea is delicious though. Pearls are on point; soft and chewy. Pearl Milk Tea ChaTime Roasted Milk Tea Mango QQ My favorite has to be the original Pearl Milk Tea. The ChaTime Roasted Milk Tea tasted like seaweed. It's weird. Mango QQ was refreshing. I'll definitely be back to try more items on the menu. They have some interesting names for some of the drinks so definitely curious to try em out.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,12/19/2013,53,103,1,7,5>I am from Chicago. We have lots of Middle Eastern places out there. Aladdin's would be able to hold its own among them.I used to eat here everyday when I was working across the street. $8-$10 for a lamb entree isn't the cheapest price for lunch, but this is lamb I am willing to pay for. I have not had a lunch serving of lamb this good anywhere. They cook it to order so I can get medium-rare just how I like it.The beef schwarma and chicken schwarma are also good, but it's the lamb that really stands out. You can tell that there is care put in to each item offered on the menu. I have never had something that didn't taste good.Their pitas are chewy and always taste fresh. The salad uses tomatoes and cucumbers that have not been sitting out for days or come out of a Subway type mix, and the dressing on the salad pairs well with it too. Lamb - Unbelievable, the best deal you will get at $10Beef Kabob - Second most delicious itemBeef Kofta -  Third most deliciousChicken - Slightly less delicious because it's chickenLentil Soup - DeliciousGreek Salad - Delicious saladFatoush Salad - ExcellentHummus - Thick but goodBaba Ghanoush - Very good, not quite as thick as their hummusFalaffel - Good but I am rarely in the mood for falafelI think this is the best lunch deal in the area. Get the lamb, and you won't be disappointed.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,12/18/2013,454,253,,8,5>I've now eaten at Heart of India several times and have also sponsored a large catered lunch (60-70 people). Heart of India is located in the old Kroger shopping center (it's now a Big Lots), just South of I285 on Chamblee Tucker Road. Heading south from the interstate, you can pull into the McDonald's parking lot and cut up behind to reach parking (sometimes this is faster as the light in front of the main entrance can get crowded). This shopping center is also known for Mediterranean Grocery (which is next door to Heart). I believe Heart used to be the location of Lucky Panda Chinese (no relation to the chain) which I thought was sub-par (apparently others thought so too as it's no longer around). Lucky for us as this is a great location for Heart of India, with plenty of parking and with Med Grocery next door plenty of opportunity to attract those foodies that know about it.The best thing about Heart of India is its proximity to my neighborhood, Northcrest, where they also offer delivery. To my neighbors, if you haven't been taking advantage of this you're missing out. The second thing that I like is that this small restaurant if family owned and operated so you're dealing directly with those responsible of the food - you can also ask that the spices be adjusted a bit to your own tastes. The third is the impeccable service - these are just really nice people who like food, like their customers and do what they can to accommodate them - there's a lot to be said for this. On to the food.I do not consider this to be the best of Indian cuisine but I think it would satisfy most American palates. First let me quality this - I work with and am friends with many Indian and Pakistani people - this happens when you work in technology. I believe that most food of this nature in the US is adjusted to Americans - things tend to be sweeter and in general less sophisticated in spices - this makes sense as most restaurants try to appeal to the largest group or potential customers. I tend to eat at restaurants that I perceive to be "truer" to the food I've experienced while traveling in-country. Generally what I've found is that most Indian restaurants do a good job with some things while making others a bit bland. Another thing I've noticed is that Indian restaurants that are strictly vegetarian seem to get the flavors "right" much more than those that serve meat - I think once again that this is an adjustment to the customer base as so many in India are vegetarian. The restaurants that serve meat seem to have rather bland veggie options to me. Others may not agree, but food reviews are entirely subjective, so these are my thoughts on the various things I've tasted at Heart of India with recommendations - you can make your own decisions.Apps:Many of my friends seem to really like the samosas at Heart of India - I've found that the meat (ground beef) was good but don't recommend the veggie - I think this is one of those things where I really like the veggie version to be amped up with spices - on their menu they mention that it has "mild spices" and to me it's too mild.I love the Onion Bhajee - this is basically an onion pakora (lightly breaded onion rings fried into a fat disc) - think of it as an order of Indian onion rings.To get a general taste of the appetizers try the Assorted Appetizers - you'll get both types of samosas, onion bhajee, papadum and chicken tikka.For lunch you receive a small bowl of Mulligatawny soup with the meal - this is nice but I wouldn't go out of my way for it, again it's too mild for me.My favorite entrees so far:Chicken Tandoori - this is consistently some of the best tandoori I've had in Atlanta. Besides having a wonderful flavor it's moist, something most of the Indian restaurants in Atlanta seem to have a hard time accomplishing. I don't think you can go wrong with this and I highly recommend it. Lamb Vindaloo - ask for this hot and if you like spicy food you'll be very happy.Chicken Biryani - Heart does this well and once again, without the chicken being incredibly dry. Think of this as Indian fried rice with big chunks of chicken. I've also had the veggie version - good but not as good as the chicken in my opinion (needs more spice).I've also had the following which are good but not as good as above:Sag Paneer - I had this "medium" - it was good but could use more cheese and a bit more spice.Chana Masala, Aloo Gobi, Vegetable Curry - good but may be better if "hot" rather than "medium."The garlic and onion Nan breads are exceptional. Also get a bit of mango chutney or raita to tone down anything you find too hot. Finally and this is just a pet peeve, the kheer seemed very odd to me - it has a lot of spicy aromatics like cinnamon which I think a lot of Americans would like (this is a desert rice pudding for those unacquainted) - normally there's more of a cashew or pistachio flavor to this
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,12/17/2013,264,265,3,6,6>Wow, this spot is the place to go if you want to study or have intimate chatter (that is, if you can find a table...). Pastries are around $1.50-5.00ish, drinks () are around $3.70-5. They carry Mighty Leaf teas- great choice. I can't speak for the coffee here. Free wifi, but outlets are only in the corner. PSA: don't be a douchebaguette and sit in the table meant for 6+ and then proceed to have a make out session, whilst giving dirty looks to anyone who wanders over trying to see if there's room. I couldn't believe this was happening, but it did for both booths when I went on a Sunday. Wut. One thing I'd like to address is that I saw a couple of reviews saying the pastries here are bland or whatever, but know that it's a cultural thing- generally, Asians don't really make  traditional western confections and as a result don't like super sugary/sweet things. Many Asian bakery carry cakes and pastries that emulate the look of many western style desserts, but don't actually taste like it. There's usually a lot less sugar and the frosting is more a light, whipped cream than dense and heavy buttercream.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,12/15/2013,32,64,2,3,3>I'm not a huge fan of Korean rice cakes. I'll eat them if they're there, but I don't go out of my way to eat them. I decided to check this place out because I know some people I love started working here. ;) Despite my love for sweets, I hate it when desserts are TOO sweet. The rice cakes here are not too sweet.  I like that the little card for each kind of rice cake indicates the sweetness level from 1 through 4.Why do I give it 5 stars? There was a huge selection when I went.  Whenever I go to the other Sweet Rice place, there's not enough variety of dduk left. I like the decor of the interior and its cleanliness.  Also, the tapioca pearls in the green tea bubble tea were perfect although I think the green tea was made straight from powder (not matcha). I can't find places with good tapioca pearls anymore. =( And the service was great.  Maybe it's because I know them already.. but I assure that they'll treat you well! I want to try the waffle next time.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,12/14/2013,249,21,4,8,3>I've died, and gone to Greece and Italy!!!OMG!!! We wanted something different for dinner one Saturday evening. So, I got on my phone, typed in Mediterranean, and BOOM, found Clayoven. We're glad we did. ^5I called to make sure they were open, since Urbanspoon had the restaurant listed as not in business anymore. I spoke with Dominic. Super nice guy. I knew he was a Goombah by just listening to him on the phone. :-)  He thanked me immensely for letting him know about the info in U.S.. I also mentioned that we could not get to the menu using the link provided. It just kept looping :-(  He thanked me some more, and was so appreciative for the help, and feedback...now that's class, I tell you :-)  ^5They are located in what was once Spike's Brick Oven Pizza. OUR gain!We got a to go order. Everything sounded so good, which made it difficult to choose. :-D I just have to say that my hub has stopped by on his way home from work, and ordered take out 5 times in the first 6 weeks. So, what does that tell you about the place? LOL ;-) We'd typically get the Greek Salad with gyro meat, and a 12" pizza....plenty for two people.Let's start with Dominic's pizza. The dough is made from a 30 year old family recipe. He really listens to his customers, and welcomes any feedback and suggestions. Dominic offers a personal pizza at 9", and 12 & 16 incher's...round or Sicilian, and by the slice.  FRESH, FRESH, FRESH!!!! Made to order the way YOU want it, not the way the chains want you to have it. We love Mama's Vegetarian pizza...spinach, artichoke hearts, sun dried tomatoes, kalamata olives, mushrooms, garlic and plenty of cheese...feta and mozzarella. We've even had meatballs as a topping on this pizza sometimes....molto delicioso!There is another pizza called Mediterranean Gyro...(pronounced yeero, with a li'l roll on the R, and not J'eye Row) and it is awesome, too! Everything about his pizza rings FRESH!  We like our pizza very thin, with a crispy crust and on the darker side. There are 6 Specialty pizzas. You can also get a cheese pizza, or load it up with their toppings. That's how REAL pizza is made in the N.Y. Metro area. I'm a Jersey girl, born and raised, so I know great pizza ;-) Dominic also offers Stromboli, Calzones, and various Hero sandwiches.Now, on to the Greek side :-)  Teresa, who hails from Greece, is larger than life. She reminds me of my Greek friends in high school...their moms... :) You can tell she's proud of her heritage & cuisine, and walks you through the menu. She's very lively, so sit back and enjoy her doing her thing ;) Recommendations: Hummus with warm, soft pita wedges. Baba Ganoush, served with pita as well. Their calamari is to die for. Cooked to perfection. If it's cooked more than 2 minutes, it turns into rubber bands. It has to be cooked more than an hour in other dishes to become tender. Greek salad is nice and fresh. Mixed field greens with all the trimmings...yummy. You can add on gyro meat or chicken to the Greek salad for $1.00. The calamari comes as an appetizer or entree. The entree has delicious Greek style potato wedges, and a Greek salad.Their lamb is moist, succulent, scrumptious, and not fatty ^5.We haven't tried everything on the menu yet, but I'm sure we'll get around to it :)They do wedding rehearsal dinners, and other functions, and will do whatever it takes to make their customers satisfied.My school of thought with a newer restaurant is, that if something is not up to par, and you don't tell the owner/management, then how can they remedy any issue you may have? Feedback, whether it's positive, or not so positive will make a good restaurant into a great one. Clayoven is a GREAT one!!
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,12/13/2013,162,319,,5,4>I believe this is purely a buffet place and there is no option to order off the menu, but correct me if I am wrong. We came here for dinner around 7:30 Saturday night and did not have to wait for a table. The place was pretty crowded, but the restaurant was massive so it had plenty of seating.The buffet options were quite overwhelming. I first tried a bunch of rolls (maybe 5-7 different rolls, one piece each), salmon sashimi and buckwheat soba noodles. I also tried the veggie and shrimp tempura, seaweed salad, hamachi nigiri, unagi nirigi, mussel nigiri, masago nigiri, spicy tuna nigiri and plenty more salmon sashimi.My advice is to skip a lot of the rolls, unless there is one you really love. The selection is awesome (much bigger than anything I have ever seen) but none of the rolls that I chose stood out to me and I thought at least one would. The problem is you do not get the same kind of freshness that you would if you had ordered off the menu. I think the winners were the nigiri and sashimi. I really liked everything else too, especially the soba noodles. They have a dessert bar as well that I was too full to pick from, but I did save enough room for the green tea soft serve. I know there were some complaints about it being too powdery, but I loved it and thought it was a nice refreshing finish to the meal -- not too sweet.Now that I know what I like, I can really zero in on the goodies. It's not exactly cheap (about $30/person for dinner) but well-worth it if you have a bottomless pit of a stomach for sure.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2013,12/12/2013,103,298,,3,2>I learned about Dolphin Pizzeria after receiving a menu in the mail a few weeks ago.I ordered a slice of meat lovers pizza and wings.Before I placed my order, I was debating on whether to get one or two slices of pizza. I opted for one. One slice was enough and it was great. $2.75 - meat lovers slice.The wings were good also. They had the right amount of crispiness; I do not like very crisp wings.I am sure I will be back for more pizza and other items on the menu. There are several  which includes sandwiches, pasta, seafood, paninis and wraps.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,12/11/2013,16,54,,4,1>Extremely happy to have Crema in the neighborhood. Its a quality Italian-style coffee shop that includes really well-made coffees, great bakery goods and sandwiches and very pleasant service. The place is always clean and well-kept (I notice a 100 score on their last health inspection) and seems to be drawing a steady business. I've tried various hot and cold coffees and have been really pleased with the quality and the service. The tables are well-spaced. There is an outside patio area. There is not a ton of parking but seems adequate for a coffee shop. Crema is across the street from the All Saints Catholic Church (Atlanta's largest Catholic church I believe) so hopefully people will stop in after their services and enjoy a coffee and a bite and let the traffic ease up.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,12/9/2013,20,56,,5,3>First off, downtown Woodstock is awesome! They've really done a nice job there.Anyway, we live in the suburbs and go ITP a lot when we go out just because most of the better (non-chain) restaurants are there.However, we decided to go to CHT based on some the reviews we had read. We were not disappointed. I have Celiac so I checked out there menu online before going and saw some really good GF choices. Plus, our server was very knowledgeable about what it means to be truly gluten-free. That is huge for me since I can be sick for days after ingesting gluten.We started with a charcuterie and cheese plate. AH-mazing. It was plated nicely on a cheese board and came with some delicious accompaniments. We had each ordered the same signature cocktail which was fabulous. I can't remember what it was called but it had gin, blueberries and sage in it. Really good.I ordered the beet salad and scallops. My husband had the duck confit and the salad which had a panko-crusted egg on top. All fabulous. Parsnip chips are my new favorite thing. :)They have a good wine selection and our server was very knowledgeable about them. What I loved though is that we got to try a sample of the wine before ordering it. That was great because I sampled a wine that was good but too dry for my taste. Instead of getting stuck with a bad glass of wine (we've all experienced that at least once), I ordered something I had tried before and knew I would like.Saving the best for last, dessert was out of this world. I had the maple creme brulee, my husband had the apple cobbler and the kids split a chocolate dessert that was layered mousse, cheesecake and brownie. I eat way too much creme brulee for dessert mostly because it's reliably gluten-free so I'm rarely impressed by this mainstay gluten-free dessert. This though? Wow. Who knew adding maple could turn this into something extraordinary? It was really, really good! Again, keep in mind that my dessert options are limited but this was still amazing. My husband even said so and he's not a huge fan of creme brulee. The atmosphere was very cozy and we met one of the owners who stopped by just to say hello. Nice guy.  I'd like to eat outside next time but there was a wait for a table out there and since we had kids with us, we opted to sit inside. Don't pay attention to that one-star review. Even if you don't have the same awesome experience we did, it still deserves at least 4. But, that's the nature of Yelp I guess.We'll definitely go again.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,12/8/2013,5,34,,3,2>I was out with some friends at Lucho time and we saw a "Grand Opening" sign and decided to try it out.West Cobb is full of Chinese restaurants (most really bad) with a couple of good ones... so I wasn't expecting much.Walking in it looked average, but the service was good.  Sat down instantly, were given menus, and drink orders taken very fast.They didn't have Dr. Pepper (my drink of choice) but that's okay.  Won't take off points because they don't stock every soft drink out there.  I did ask and their sodas are from a fountain and not from a can.I ordered wonton soup and the almond chicken.  Didn't want to go out on a limb with an unknown restaurant.The soup came out and it was really good.Then our food came out and it was excellent.  My chicken was high quality white meat and cooked just right and the fried rice was perfect.I don't eat egg-rolls so I gave mine to my wife and she enjoyed it.All in all, I was very pleased.  West Cobb has a new Chinese restaurant that I can recommend.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,12/7/2013,57,56,6,8,8>Hungry for lunch in Olde Towne Roswell?  It took me a long time to finally make it to the place, but am I glad I did!  Heading inside the generally unassuming exterior, you find a charming place with lots of seating, divided into a few rooms.  It is a counter service place, so line up and drool over the numerous sandwiches.  I've since been a few times, and I can say with authority that my favorite of their sandwiches is the chicken salad.  Honorable mention shall be passed to the Horseradish Beef.  The chicken salad is wonderful , with hazelnuts, dried cherries, and that great consistency that can only be made by interspersing celery in your mayonnaise.  You can accompany your choice with a side, of which I recommend 2:  the soup (a tomato basil delight on my last few visits) and the sweet potato fries.  There is a small upcharge for the latter, but they were well worth the money.  I expect you can find strong disagreement with the following in other reviews, so do read more and vote your taste.  This place is called the Fickle Pickle after all, and they have a signature fried pickle appetizer which comes with a remoulade sauce.  Although I am not opposed to fried pickles, I just don't like these.  I've tried them more than once in the hope I got a bad batch, but they're just too salty and the sauce too mild.  Instead, do yourself a favor, skip the appetizer, and save room for dessert.  They have these monstrous cookies and brownies for a very reasonable price, but you are unlikely to want one after a sandwich, side, and pickles.The staff, who have always been friendly and professional, deliver your food to your table.  The service is usually pretty quick, but this place can be popular, so be patient if there is a crowd.  Speaking of which, the parking situation can be rather difficult.  Unless it's off peak hours, you may have to search the area for a place to park, but it IS Canton Street, so this is not out of the ordinary.  All told, this is easily my current favorite sandwich shop in the Atlanta  area.  It's cheap enough that you can go for lunch, but impressive enough that I bring out of town visitors here for the local flavor.  So, for whatever reason you're in search of a sandwich, go here, and remember:  the mathematician (me) says brownies are strictly greater than fried pickles.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,12/6/2013,336,485,2,8,3>Wow, a hospital that has an average of 4.5 stars, I'm impressed, however, I should not be surprised given by my experience.My grandfather came here back in 2010 to FINALLY remove his trach that should have been removed almost 13 years ago. We have been going to his otolaryngologist quite regularly throughout the months leading up to this day to make sure it was the best move for my grandfather, given that if the procedure did not go well, my grandfather would not be able to breathe, and would have to reinsert the trach. So, after months of weening my grandfather off breathing through his trach and breathing through his nose, the doctor was comfortable going through with the surgery.We arrived, and the entire process was quite simple. We came in on two different days. The first day was to receive all the information about surgery, the pre-operational stages, where they ask for your consent to be treated, to use anesthesia, get all prior medical knowledge and family medical history. This process took less than 2 hours max. Afterwards, they took us around and showed us where we would come in the day of the surgery and how to get there. They showed us ahead of time where the waiting room was, and all other useful places, so that we wouldn't waste time the day of surgery.The day of surgery went smoothly. We did not have an obnoxious wait like most hospitals make you have, despite a set appointment time, and because they have you come in a few days before for pre-op, it takes a lot of time out on the actual day you get surgery.The waiting room for family members is quite spacious which is nice, and they have a board with the last name showing to allow family members to see what stage, surgery/procedure or post-op, so that family members can somewhat know what is going on rather than being completely in the dark.My grandpa's surgery took roughly 3-4 hours, including time for him to relax and lay around while the anesthesia wore off. After we left, my grandfather had a few complications that left him bleeding in my backseat while I drove back to his doctor, which then we drove straight to the ER for another procedure. Keep in mind, this hospital is a good 30 minute drive, and we were in traffic, on local roads, in the rain. Anyway, we got to the ER, they took his ID and insurance cards, and started operating immediately. My grandmother and I waited around, and afterwards, they said that they wanted to keep him in over night just to make sure.Down side, they only let one family member stay overnight with patients, which was quite a burden since I had to drive home (30mins) to grab clothes, medicine, etc for my grandparents, come back (30mins), take my grandmother out to grab food because it was so late in the evening, the hospital cafe had closed, and then go back home to sleep, to wake up 4 hours later, to come back to pick them up when he was able to be discharged, and go home. Way unnecessary, but looking back, I'd do it again just because I loved my experience here. I honestly wish this could be our regular hospital, but it is SO out the way that I doubt it'll ever happen again :[Overall, great hospital, great staff members, and overall great experience.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,12/5/2013,10,115,1,11,3>Oh, I'm so ticked I didn't get the first review here. And I was going to go a week ago after I saw that they'd opened!These guys are off to a good start. I ordered the grilled lamb plate which was pretty simple: lamb chunks over saffron rice and one side (I got the hummus, which was served with pita.) The lamb was wonderful: Great flavor, tender, the kind of well-prepared meat that needs no accompaniment, although the rice was also good.The owner (I presume) was very friendly and they seem eager to make a go of it here. He insisted I take a free drink with my to-go order. I'd love to come back for the more complex dishes. The chicken bastella in particular sounds like a must-try.This corner of Breckinridge and Old Norcross is turning into a tour of world cuisines. We needed some North African/Mediterranean flavors around here.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,12/4/2013,70,148,4,5,4>I've tried to think of how I want to approach this review for months. I'm tired of thinking about it. So, I'm just going to write it.I've been to Moxie Burger a few times and each time I leave unimpressed with their burgers, but VERY happy with their beer selection and their tasty sides. Fried pickles. Fried Green Tomatoes. Zucchini fries! Pimento Cheese Balls. ALL GOOD STUFF.I want to say that this is the place that I should reserve for when I want a beer and a fried snack, but usually I don't want to be surrounded by lots of kids running around when I'm having that relaxing beer and fried treat. So, I shouldn't want to come here. But, I do. I like the vibe that I get from the staff. I get what they're trying to do and I want to support it. I'm glad that they are busy. I'm glad that families in East Cobb have a place to take their kids that offers a menu that caters to kids and to adults who want an upscale burger. So, I'm not sure why I cringe a little when I think of coming here to relax. But, I do. So, this is obviously a personal problem. I just need to find the perfect time/day to come here and maybe not be so overrun by other people's tykes.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,12/3/2013,204,510,3,7,3>I decided to take a gamble on this place, with few positive reviews lately I was a bit worried, but I'm glad I did it. I'm embarrassed to say I've been meaning to since Stacey P. posted her review! They even left menus once around my apartment complex and I did nothing. Horrible.Especially with Scoutmob. I decided to call in my order (can't even remember the last time I've done that!) and I asked if that was necessary to know at the time, and I thought there was a bit of bad attitude about it. I had to then ask how long it was going to be after the reply was "we'll take care of that when you pick it up." The time was only 12 minutes though, and I called just after 6pm. But when I got there, there was definitely no attitude. I decided to order the "Chepperoni" with double pepperoni and cheddar in addition to the mozzarella. I didn't think there was THAT much pepperoni on there but I really do love cheddar on pizza and need to do that more often. The large sizes of the "gourmet" pizzas are $16.99 I believe but you'll find a deal on their online ordering site where you get a free medium cheese pizza with one (this is also on their menu you can pick up in the store). The pizza was good, definitely a step up from a chain but not comparable to say, Hearth across the street. My pizza was cooked perfectly and the crust was crisp. I really enjoyed the combination of ingredients and it wasn't too greasy. The sauce is really good too, lots of herbs in there.They are also always advertising with a sign spinner person out on Roswell Road for $5 pizzas. This is not clear from looking at their website or even looking at the storefront. There is a sign for a $5 pepperoni pizza, and a couple of their coupons involve $5 pizzas so I guess you are supposed to call and ask what the deal is. I think the pepperoni one was a medium, and then a coupon on the menu is for a large cheese. And if you decide to go the create a pizza route you have a ton to choose from, and there are no dumb upcharges for picking things like steak or chicken. In fact, if you create your own pizza the first topping is free. So if pepperoni and cheddar intrigues you, I'd just go with getting a pizza with those two toppings: it'll cost you $13.88 for a large.Armed with all these coupons, I will be back. This is another case where I'm glad Scoutmob exists because I needed that little push to finally try this place out and I'm glad I did.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,12/2/2013,117,75,4,5,5>I never would have expected a Krispy Kreme in this area, but apparently Buford Hwy, just north of I-285, is the place to be. This new location opened not too long ago alongside a new McDonald's. The inside is bright and well lit; the walls are all glass, allowing sunlight to fill the room in the daytime. I'm not a Krispy Kreme expert, but the other locations I've been to (Cobb Pkwy, Roswell, Ponce de Leon) have a more nostalgic feel to them, so it's nice to have something new and different. After all, when the menu is all the same, feel and service are the only things distinguishing chains like Krispy Kreme from one another.That said, the employees are the nicest and friendliest I've ever encountered at a Krispy Kreme. For an indecisive person like me, looking into a display case and trying to pick a single doughnut is no easy, nor quick, task. Overall, it was a great experience and I'll definitely be back.Tip: Join "Friends of Krispy Kreme," and you'll immediately receive a free doughnut coupon in your email. I think there are some birthday and other perks too associated with the e-club.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,12/1/2013,30,507,4,7,5>I haven't had a donut in over 6 months. After watching one too many shows on Food Network and turning down a donut from Rays; I thought about glazed donuts so much that I literally woke up in the middle of the night!I had never been to Rays before and I am here to tell you, don't blink or you'll miss the place! Rays is located in a very tiny shopping center with an Italian restaraunt. It is next door to the Rite Aid on the corner of Jamerson so make that your point of interest and don't do what I did and drive by several times! I got there just before 10AM and was surprised at the line out the door and all the cleaned out donut trays. I began talking to some of the people in line and was told people call at 5AM to order their hand made croissants and they sell out of their danish by 7AM. I ordered a dozen donuts, 1 blueberry, 2 sourcream and 7 glazed donuts. To my surprise, the clerk filled the rest of my box with donut holes. I asked her how much extra the donut holes were and she said they were free. "The donut holes should hold you over until you get home" she said with a smile. "No one knows you got them because you make it home with a dozen donuts!" I like their logic and I think I love this girl! The donuts were everything everyone raves about and more! The glazed donuts were bigger than your typical glazed donuts and moist like freshly baked cake. The donuts are better the same day and perfect with coffee on the second day if they last that long in your house. I ended up only eating one sour cream and one glazed and gave the rest away but that doesn't mean I still don't wake up in the middle of the night dreaming about them!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,11/30/2013,160,534,2,10,7>When Richard R. and I made the trip to Kennesaw, Mountain Biscuit wasn't part of the plan.  After a nice hike at Kennesaw Mountain, we were pretty hungry, and as luck would have it, we bumped into the daughter of Mountain Biscuit, who persuaded us to stop by, and i'm so glad we did! The thing that really caught my attention was the price...a ¼ lb burger was just over $3, and a combo, including a large drink and fry was a little over $5.  Homemade food at mickey D's price?  I'm sold.  I ended up getting just that, the ¼ lb burger with cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion and pickles, and the burger was good, very fresh, along with the well seasoned crinkle cut fries.  I tried a portion of the Sausage and biscuits in gravy also, and man, the biscuits were really soft and went great with the gravy.  These awesome biscuits were so awesome that they were covered in gravy, but still weren't soggy, nor were they anywhere near hard as a rock.  Just right Goldilocks biscuits? Indeed.  FYI, breakfast is served all day here.Staff was super nice.  The owner was very friendly, and while the daughter told her mother to "treat them really well", I came away with the feeling that she treats everyone well, considering all of the regulars who were there.All in all, this is a pretty solid place to stop, if you live in Kennesaw, or if you're fresh off of a hike like we were.  The yelp sign at the front of their door is there for a reason.  Stop by and try them out!
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,11/29/2013,71,139,2,4,4>I'm a big fan of this place and come here often for anything involving a sandwich wrap or that amazing pita-like bread.  They have a lunch deal that's good -- you get a large meat (or falafel) wrap, a side (get the hummus!!), and a drink for about $8.50.  The food is fresh, the meat or falafel are savory and yummy, and the hummus with bread?  Oh myyyy, it's good.  If you're having a party, stop by and get an order of hummus and a bag of that soft, pita-like bread and you'll be everyone's favorite!The bakery side sells a variety of fresh bread (although I'm clearly obsessed with that pita-like bread so it's the only thing I ever get), but they also have cheese and zaatir pies (these are like little flat pizza pies), which are both great and only a few bucks.  BTW, if you can't find the place, it's actually on the BACK side of the plaza on S. Marietta Parkway.  Turn down Franklin Road and you'll see a side entrance to get to the back.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,11/28/2013,149,208,4,11,7>I've been to Common Quarter twice so far and I have to say that I really like it a lot.  I'm a huge fan of Local Three and Muss and Turner's.  This place lives up to the expectations one would have after being a loyal patron of those establishments for years.I am in love with their cocktail menu.  I've tried the Chatham Artillery Punch and the Keith Richards.  The Punch definitely packs a very, very strong punch.  It has carmenere red wine, dark rum, rye whiskey, gin, brandy, benedictine, tea, orange juice, lemon juice, brown sugar, cherries, and gun powder.  Yes, gun powder.  You're limited to just two of these if you decide to imbibe.  The Keith Richards is dark rum, ginger beer, and lime.  My new favorite drink.  And I'm loving all of the drinks made with dark rum.  Their Old Fashioned is next on my list of drinks to try.They have a different daily menu with specials that may or may not be there the next time you go.  I would strongly suggest ordering something if it's a special and strikes your fancy.  As far as appetizers go, I've been able to sample a few different ones: cheese sampler, ham board, duck meatballs, and the crab dip.  The cheese sampler comes with pimento cheese, Thomasville Tomme, cheddar straws, and another cheese I can't quite remember.  It comes with some tomato jam.  I'm not the biggest pimento cheese fan, but I really liked their version.  The ham board came with four different types of ham, mini-biscuits, and a peach mostarda.  My tip is to take the biscuits from the ham board and stuff them with cheese from the cheese sampler and top it with the tomato jam.  A very tasty little treat.  I'm also not a big fan of duck, but the duck meatballs were fantastic.  The glaze on those things is delicious.  The crab dip is chock full of crab meat and served with sourdough bread.I ordered the crab and shrimp roll as my entree on my first visit.  It was one of the daily specials for that evening.  The bread was completely stuffed with lots of crab and shrimp.  One of the better rolls I've had in town.  It was served with fries on the side.  We had extra peach mostarda from the ham board so I decided to use it as a dipping sauce for my fries.  Pure genius.  I devoured the rest of the mostarda and stopped eating my fries when I ran out of sauce.Desserts are pretty fantastic here as well.  I've tried the peanut butter pie and the banana pudding.  I ate that entire piece of peanut butter pie .  That never happens.  I couldn't stop myself from continuing to eat it even after the point of being uncomfortably stuffed.This place has earned a spot in my rotation of favorite restaurants.  I love the fact that it's close to me in Marietta.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,11/27/2013,69,313,2,5,3>My hubby decided this was the place to surprise me with for our 12 year anniversary. I grew up around the corner from the forum and i love to be able to go and see how the area keeps changing and evolving, and i had no idea this place even existed. So we arrive and the waiter already knew who we were, we were promptly seated,  The restaurant had a very bistro feel to it.  We were greeted with water and bread immediately and let know that our server would be over promptly, also handed a beverage list.   I looked it over and selected a raspberry kiss- absolutely Yummy- and the hubby had a beer. Our server came over and gave us a run down of the meu and took our drink orders. we decided to go with the Spicy Chopped Chicken & Sweet Slaw Spring Rolls-Jack Cheese, Pumpkin Seeds, Honey Jalapeno Drizzle for an app.. and OMG they may be one of the most amazing things i have eaten. At the end of the night i almost wished that i had just gotten an additional order of these as a meal.  They are a MUST TRY!I ordered  a cheeseburger with a fried egg ( the egg came out runnier then I am comfortable with- like the white part was still liquid) so i tried to eat around it, the burger its self was well seasoned.  i just had a really hard time with the egg... and then it came with twice baked french fries- which were nothing to write home about.  My hubby got a roasted chicken, with blue cheese mac and cheese and bacon green beans.  it was incredible.We decided to pass on dessert we were both pretty full.   I would say the menu is a little on the higher side, but over all the food was pretty worth it and the service was very personal and attentive.   its worth a trip just for the spring rolls and the drink! I promise!
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,11/26/2013,21,158,2,4,3>This place is great! From the moment I spoke to them on the phone to leaving the shop. Taylor was great! Great personality and helped me create a great tattoo. Mine is small and simple so there wasn't much to it but Taylor acted the same as if I was getting a giant masterpiece.She spoke to me the whole way through. Before, process, during, after care, etc. Instruments are sterile and shop is nice, organized, and super clean! She even gave me her personal info in case I have any questions!Even though I was only there for a short amount of time, and my tattoo was small, sweet and simple they were fantastic! My girlfriend and I plan to get one together after we reach our "weight loss goal"! This will most certinatly be the place we come!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,11/25/2013,140,186,5,7,5>Warning: This place will make you want to bust out with the Instagram and become another artsy fartsy cliché who posts pics of their cool little coffee creations, snazzing them up with pic filters and all. To wit, check out the biz photos. I, too, am guilty of this.No matter what, this coffee spot is my jaaaaam.Everything I've ever had to eat or drink here is delicious. The beans are from Rwanda and proceeds help provide for farmers there. They have a variety of teas, hot and cold drinks, fancypants coffee drinks I know nothing about and can't wait to try and even their simple vanilla latte is great. You place your order when you come in and wait for them to bring it to you. Somehow they always find you, no matter where you end up sitting! They've messed up our orders once or twice but we never complained - we just drank what we were served because it's all so good!It's located in a little house on top of an adorable hill. There are small rooms throughout the space, and a room with two couches for those who want to get a little more cozy. Free wireless is available but I've found that sometimes you can't get good service on their patio...Oh, their patio... One of my most favorite things about this place. It's a quaint outside area where you can sit and enjoy the summer evenings as they wind down into fall. It overlooks the street but somehow you still manage to feel like you've been transported to some majestically created coffee heaven with a view. I've never been to trivia night but I hear it's on Thursday nights. They also serve King of Pops, which, if you've never had one, you need to start living. Bonus: they've let me bring my big ol' computer in so that I could work - I called to make sure it was cool and to see if they only allowed laptops, and they were very welcoming and friendly about it. All in all, this is a cool little coffee spot. I drive by Starbucks to get here, and I always will.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,11/24/2013,46,28,7,10,8>I love Roux. During non-peak hours, anyway. It's so cramped in there when it's crowded (and even when it's not, it's still hard to walk around because all the tables and chairs are so close together). If you value your personal space and don't appreciate being bumped into every two minutes, you might not love dining here. And when you get a lot of people into a small place, it can be loud. I don't necessarily mind noise, though.I'm also not a fan of the fact that I seem to run into people I know from high school when I'm there at night. This is no fault of Roux's, just something I feel like pointing out because I prefer to act like high school never happened. To be honest, I'd come here more often if I wasn't 99% sure I'd see someone I didn't want to see. Apparently no one has moved away from Roswell!Anyway, the food here is outstanding. I've yet to try something I didn't like. The po'boys are my favorite. I usually get shrimp, but I recently got the oyster and it was to die for. And their sweet potato fries are delicious! My boyfriend loves the grits.I've only been here a handful of times to eat, but service has always been great and the staff is friendly. They have a good beer selection, too!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,11/23/2013,27,177,,3,2>Campania easily jumps into the conversation of best pizza in metro Atlanta, which is a much more impressive statement than it would have been 5 years ago given that most of the current top 10 have opened in that time.  The only two pizza places in Atlanta I've been to that I like better are Antico and Varasano's, and it's close.  We had a large group, and the crust on every pizza was perfectly cooked.  There's a small margin for error on a perfectly cooked Neopolitan pizza crust, so this is not as easy as it may sound. The quality of the mozzarella and sausage were also stand out, and the sauce was good. Campania isn't really convenient to home, work, or really anyplace I go regularly, but I'd gladly go out of my way to return.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,11/22/2013,35,178,2,3,3>We found a few GREAT pieces!  This particular store is organized with booths, each one rented by a different designer/person.  It is a very easy store to navigate.I had to walk through 3 times, just to take all the pieces in.  It is very well organized, and the staff is wonderful!  They are always walking around to see if they can help you or if you need anything.I was lucky enough to enter the store with the intent of making a few purchases when they were having a sale!  Every booth was 10%-40% off!  It was a great deal!I found the most amazing antique trunk to store my wedding dress in, and later we found out the trunk was made in Scotland in 1883!  How awesome!?  I also bought a wonderful, slightly hand antiqued, Ethan Allen coffee table.  It is in almost perfect condition!Every time I go in, I find something else I want in our home.Beware though, many items are a bit too expensive.  I recommend signing up for their email list and come in next time they have a sale!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,11/21/2013,17,162,4,8,3>This place deserves a special mention as one of the best dining experiences I've had in the Atlanta area. The wife and I went here for a date night last week and every single bite of food we had was nothing short of amazing.This place has several things going for it that make it a top choice for us (in no particular order):--It focuses on (Local) Farm to Table food;--The bread and desserts are freshly made in house by an amazing baker;--A menu from which I would happily order anything and changes regularly (nothing we ordered is currently on the menu, less than a week later); and--Food that tastes as good as it sounds!After ordering, we were treated to a freshly baked bread basket. This got two things right - warm bread and soft butter. In addition to the fact that the bread itself was pretty incredible. Off to a great start!For first courses, I ordered a Fried Quail and Waffles. The quail was perfectly cooked and the waffles had the perfect amount of crispy and fluffy with just enough malt flavor. Easily one of the best 'chicken and waffle' style dishes around. (Note, this appetizer was easily big enough for the two of us to share!). My wife ordered a poached farm egg in a delicious sauce - it was cooked perfectly and the egg yolk just exploded. As good as mine was, I was quite jealous.For our main courses, I ordered a duck breast, and my wife ordered a strip steak. The proteins were perfectly cooked (both to medium rare, as requested). The duck breast was cut into slices and I've seen that work against duck breast in the past, but not here ... as juicy and tender as could be. The veggie pairings were top notch, and perfectly matched the fall season. All in all, nary a bad bite of food to go around!The dessert menu was almost too good to a fault. We spent way too long deciding what to order and ended up getting one desert each. My wife ordered a pecan tart (think pecan pie, in tart form) and I ended up choosing a lovely fall dessert - an apple cider tart of some sorts (can't remember the name). The only downside was not being able to try the others.All in all The Butcher The Baker represents an outstanding addition to the ever growing OTP dining selection. Space inside is limited, and parking can be troublesome, but it's definitely worth it once you make it inside.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,11/20/2013,49,92,10,8,4>Sadly, for over a year I have seen people at my work walking by with take-out from Rodney's.  Leaving in groups to go have lunch at Rodney's. Passing the menu around the building. I would hear the answer when asked "Where should we go for lunch?". "Rodney's". I have even been asked if I wanted to go or even carry-out.  "No, Thank you" was always my answer.  Nobody is perfect, OK!I went for the first time the other night after work and must say that although I was late to the party, I am so glad I showed up. The food was delicious.  My inner fat girl was beside herself and totally happy with me. When I walked in the place did not look like I had expected.  I was kind of expecting a hole in the wall, grungy, mom and pop looking spot.  But, when I walked in it was cozy, stylish and pretty big. It had a great décor.    Honestly, décor is never a deal breaker for me. I am all about the food. It was so good.  I ordered two beef patties, the jerk chicken, with cabbage, rice and peas, and a side of mac and cheese.  I did say my inner fat girl was happy, earlier. Don't judge.  Everything was delicious.  The jerk chicken had exactly the right amount of heat and wet and I could taste the spices.  The mac and cheese was so good .. OMG it was so good. DISCLAIMER:  You can not eat like this everyday!! You may want to but you can't.I definitely am glad I finally got on board with the Rodney's and will be back much sooner than later.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,11/19/2013,51,304,2,5,3>Canton Street in Roswell continues to grow in it's appeal with a plethora of restaurants offering a diversity of succulent offerings.  NOCA brings much to the party.With an inviting patio and warm interiors, the space is just elegant enough.  My friend and I loved the food as well as the attentive service.  He raved about the salmon  which I did not try.  However, my veal schnitzel had a nice crunch on the outside, was perfectly tender on the inside and was well seasoned .We shared the mussels appetizer. They came with a delicious broth and ample bread.Did I mention full bar?
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,11/17/2013,105,142,6,8,8>So after work, my siblings and I went to Mirko Pasta for dinner. I've only tried the Mirko Pasta in Buford. And I have to say that I like the service here better than the one in Buford.My server's name was Jason. He knew his pastas, too. I was so confused at first, but he came to our table and explained the different types of pasta from the short to long pastas. He was friendly and very attentive. He came to check on us (not so much that it became annoying).  He served the complimentary bread and bean dip. The bean dip tasted so fresh and tasty! Maybe it was because I was starving.. who knows!(I know for a fact that the one I tasted in Buford.. their bean dip tasted bad. It was like eating spoiled bean dip which was not so great for my sensitive stomach.I just had a horrible experience with the Buford location.. I went there severaltimes when I was living in Buford.)My siblings and had kept asking Jason for more bread and bean dip. He served it to us so quickly the second, third and fourth time! His service to us was AMAZING!!Also he had such a friendly smile.. I really liked that a lot!! Hehe!!! I hope the other servers are more attentive and friendly as him for the next timeI visit.I had ordered the Spinach Tagliatelle (pasta), Polpa di Grandchio (sauce),then I added shrimp (extra $4.00). In all, it was $16.00.My little sister, Crystal H. had the Tagliolini (pasta), Pesto di Basil (sauce),then added shrimp. In all, it was $15.50.My little brother had the Tagliatelle (pasta), Alfredo (sauce), then added chicken (extra $3.50). In all, it was $15.00.My pasta tasted great, but I'm going to get what Crystal got next time.I tried a little bit of my siblings' dishes. I really liked the burst of basil flavor that Crystal had. I'm going to order that one on my next visit.My little brother's pasta was ok. I'm not a really big fan of Chicken Alfredo.Overall, I enjoyed eating here and will be back for some more!!
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2013,11/16/2013,4,20,4,6,5>We just discovered this hidden gem a few weeks ago and we've been back three times.  When you see it from the street (right next to "The Happy Hocker"), you have no clue what treasures await you inside.  But do drive in and go inside and you will find a place that is reminiscent of any number of fun places along the Florida shore.  It is very casual, with a bar in the back and music on the speakers.  As the owner told me, he wants you to feel comfortable coming in after you've mown your lawn.So, fun and casual, yes, with $5 margaritas every day and other drink specials too.  But, this is a chef-owned place and the chef's pedigree is most impressive.  The food turns out to be quite good, for the most part.  There are many small plates to choose from, a good handful of entrees, a marvelous selection of oyster and shrimp preparations and a dessert menu that is full of gems.For the small plates, we have tried the lamb paillard, Caesar salad, mix fried seafood, crab cake, "the wings", and smoked beef brisket tacos.  The lamb is a nice cut, pounded out a bit and grilled, with sides.  It was nice and flavorful.  The Caesar was clearly home-made and one of the best I've had.  The mix fried seafood is lightly floured grouper, shrimp & calamari, fried and served with fried lemon slices, cherry peppers and "garlic dipping sauce".  The seafood is light and cooked perfectly and the fried lemons and cherry peppers add a lot of flavor.  The "garlic dipping sauce" tastes like Miracle Whip though and needs to be avoided.  You can get some remoulade instead.  My wife liked the crab cake, saying it was very crabby.  "The wings" are described as jerk spice.  It is nothing like jerk chicken.  They are sweet and spicy, with a pronounced taste of thyme; but you'd never guess jerk, even if they are reasonably tasty.  The brisket was tender and flavorful.  If you're used to tacos from an authentic Mexican taqueria then don't get your hopes up.  If you like your smoked brisket wrapped in a corn tortilla with a little bit of guac on top, then you'll like them.The real treasure is the oysters/clams and shrimp part of the menu.  The standout is the grilled oysters "with BBQ butter".  What that means is butter mixed with fresh garlic and BBQ seasonings is placed on the oyster, along with a little chopped bacon.  Then it is put on the grill where the flames char the outside and cause the oyster to sizzle in the garlic butter.  The dozen (or half dozen if you only want half the pleasure) is brought out on a big platter, still seething, balanced on rock salt and served with sliced lemons.  They are intoxicating.  For my part, I'd love it if they swapped out the BBQ seasoning for a little grated Parmesan and served it with a little crusty bread for sopping up the garlic/oyster/butter sitting in those shells.  Otherwise, you may be tempted to drink them like shots.  We tried them baked with cheese and bacon; but the cheese was Parmesan and it was a little dusty for my tastes.  We have tried the shrimp sauteed with garlic and butter and loved them.  They are nice, big shrimp and they have a generous helping of garlic.  There is a list of 5 preparations for each kind of seafood in that wonderful section in the middle of the menu.My wife enjoyed the grilled trout, although I found it tasting a bit scorched.  Perhaps if I had gotten a bite without the skin, it would have been better.  The fish itself was moist and tasty.  I enjoyed the grilled skirt steak.  It was cooked perfectly and was satisfyingly meaty as only a well-prepared skirt steak can be.  I'd happily get that again.Finally, I have to talk about the desserts.  This is normally a throw-away item at most restaurants.  We tried the peach cobbler one night and it was fantastic.  Really a peach crumble, there are ample peaches in a small cast-iron skillet, topped with an oatmeal crumble and full of cinnamon.  It comes out hot, crispy and with some nice homemade creme fraiche ice cream on top. Yum!  The next time we tried the strawberry shortcake and were blown away.  The shortcake biscuit is about the size of your hand and comes out warm from the oven.  It is split in the center, covered in sliced strawberries with a little bit of shredded basil and homemade whipped cream.  The biscuit is sublime - properly sweet and crumbly and melts in your mouth.  The berries are terrific and the basil (which we were a little nervous about) just gives a slightly warm note to the berry flavor.  It's a brilliant touch.  We meant to try the lemon icebox pie during our next visit; but knowing that the shortcake was seasonal, we couldn't resist diving into that again.  My son got the build-your-own-s'mores shown in the video and was a very happy camper.  Arranged with a little flaming hibachi in the center of a platter with graham crackers, Hershey's chocolate bar pieces, marshmallows and sticks for roasting.  There's enough to make four s'mores with two roasted marshmallows apiece.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,11/15/2013,27,126,2,7,3>My parents were in town and my dad requested persian food. Not knowing really where to go I of course turned to yelp and 1001 was the most highly rated. . .We ordered take out from here.  I checked in on yelp and a coupon popped up for a free app but they wouldn't honor it because they said it was only for dining in. . .Okay I guess. That's fine. There was no small print but it didn't hurt to ask.Everyone really liked the food. Usually take out doesn't travel that well but even after getting it home all the meats were still cooked perfectly and tender. Everything was served with the usual basmati rice and grilled tomato. They have other rice variations I think you can upgrade to but none of us did. We like the buttery plain basmati. We ordered:Mirza Ghasemi- appetizer dish with smoked eggplant, caramelized onions and tomatoes. It comes with a roti/naan like bread that seems homemade because it was quite tender and fresh tasting. I ate this on the side of my meal as well- tasted great topped on my koobideh kabob.Soltani kabob- You get one Koobideh (ground beef- like hamburger) and one Barg- which is chunks of temderloin. Both great- the tenderloin was tender and cooked well.Lamb kabob- You get one skewer of chunks of lamb. I would definitely get this again- tender chunks of tasty lamb.We ordered one koobideh plate- comes with two long pieces of ground meat kabob. I actually ordered one child's plate as well and it came with one kabob, healthy serving of rice and the tomato. I at first felt it was quite expensive but honestly, there was a ton of food! Lots of meat and rice- There was four of us and it could all have comfortably fed 6 people. I have been going back and forth between 4-5 stars but I went with 5- it's really great food. The restaurant looks really nice inside, white tablecloths, etc. Based on the price and feel of the restaurant I think this would be great for a date night or special occasion.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,11/14/2013,36,138,4,12,5>East Cobb is lucky to possibly be the next Historic Roswell with regards to the food scene around Atlanta. For the longest time, Seed was the main event around Marietta (along with Chicken and the Egg) in a sea of chain restaurants - but now there are a couple new kids on the block.Zeal is a little bit of everything and hoping to attract a wide swath of patrons. The menu is very approachable, locally sourced, delicious food. It's positioning itself as Seed, but more family friendly. The bar scene could be a cool late night spot with shuffle board tables and a really great beer, wine and cocktail program. They even have a late night menu as well.Food-wise some of my fave bites included the 'Chicken Lollipop' as a starter,  as well as the Sweet Vidalia Onion and Prosciutto Bruschetta. Really really good. Fresh salads, the Crispy Kale salad was very tasty and I don't care who says kale is overused now on menus. It's healthy and tastes great.There is a section of dishes that can be shared plates as well - you can order the small or large serving. I loved the Red Chili Dusted Seared Diver Scallops. For an entree, highly recommend the Ravioli with Chicken, Spinach, Mushroom, and Parmesan Cream Sauce. The Gulf Shrimp and Grits and Georgia Trout dishes were very solid as well - love the couscous as a different side option. Seriously good.Like any new restaurant, it's going to be tough sledding the first couple weeks/month as the staff gets their groove. Menu items may change/get tweaked, but I am already excited about coming back to try some more items like the Lobster Mac and Cheese, Cauliflower Mash and the sliders. Lots of free parking in the shopping center. Make a night of it and catch a movie around the corner at Merchant's Walk!
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,11/13/2013,39,77,3,7,6>There's Alpine Bakery and then there's every other bakery in Georgia.  If good things are good because they're made with love, then sweet Lord this place has a lot of love in it.This place is divided into 2 sections:  The restaurant (on the left, after you enter) and the bakery (on the right).  This review is about the bakery.  And let me tell you:  this bakery is truly in a category by itself.  They have cakes that are heavenly, cookies that will melt in your mouth, bread to die for, and many other delights.  My family has tried (and recommend):Strawberry swiss roll - with fresh strawberriesPeanut butter wedge (very potent -- don't go in for this one unless you love peanut butter and chocolate)BaklavaApple strudelPignoli cookiesEverything baked is amazing.  You might want to get liquid refreshment elsewhere, because while their hot chocolate and coffee are reasonable, it pales in comparison to their baked goods.  Bring extra money -- not because it's terribly expensive, but because you'll have a hard time choosing just a few things to try.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,11/12/2013,25,146,2,6,5>I'm a big fan of Von Maur because it reminds me of a bygone era of shopping. Yes- it is slightly overdone in the decorating, but honestly, I love it. I love the piano player. I love the fire places. I love the amazing bathrooms. Most of all- I LOVE the customer service. I have gone into Von Maur and purchased 1 pair of clearance earrings that cost $12 and was treated as though I just purchased a new Chanel handbag. You are treated with dignity, respect and professionalism. I enjoy the extra mile the employees go to make you feel appreciated and important. Here is my breakdown by departments:Jewelry- fantastic! They have a wonderful, varied inventory with everything from Betsy Johnson to Kate Spade to Marc Jacobs to Swarovski. They have a large clearance section with incredible deals.Accessories- yes, they have a huge accessory section unlike anything I've seen at other stores. They have a massive stock of socks, scarves, hats, umbrellas, hair goods, formal hats, gloves, glasses. Purses- wow! Selection!!!! They have a fantastic stock ranging from affordable Fossil to Chloe!Dresses- one of the best and year round dress section. I've always had luck finding dresses regardless of the occasion at this store. The ladies that work in this section are more than helpful and have a great eye. This section also has a great clearance area with awesome sale prices!!Kids/JRS- I don't shop this section but it seems to be the same size as other department stores.Mens- Wonderful suit/dressy section and selection in casual clothes. My husband loves the brand 'Penguin' and they always have a nice selection of it at this store.Ladies- I don't personally buy my clothing here but they have a nice selection.Shoes- epic! They have a great ladies shoe section with an awesome year round clearance room.Housewares/gift- yes, they actually still have one of those old school gifting sections. I've gotten some amazing and unique holiday decorations in this section!Lingerie- one of my favorite sections in the store. The selection and size range is incredibly impressive. The ladies that work in this section are so eager to help and are kind and just so wonderful! Gift wrap- ANYTHING you buy in the store they will gift wrap for FREE AND ship for FREE if you want to!!! Last Christmas I purchased several gifts from here had them wrapped for free and mailed to all my family members FOR FREE!! Seriously, this place rocks!!I really love this store and applaud them on creating such a wonderful shopping environment. As a customer, I feel comfortable and so appreciated. Thanks!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,11/11/2013,489,857,19,14,12>Penis, Penis jokes everywhere. If you've been to this place, you'll know what I'm talking about. Yes, they serve ox penis here. They even serve lamb testicles too. Besides reproductive organs, they have other body parts of cute farm animals like hearts, gizzards, livers, and kidneys.If you're not a mammal eater, they have assorted seafood as well like fishes and shrimps. If you order shrimp, you get a whole, gigantic shrimp impaled on the metal skewer. Speaking of metal, make sure to pull the cooked meat off the metal skewer before you eat. Because, you know, metal gets hot. If you don't want a burnt mouth, I suggest you do that. They have charcoal burner to cook your kebabs. It was pretty cool concept. It's hard to tell when the meat is done or safe to eat though. So what did penis  and testicles taste like? It was chewy and firm. Don't immediately pop them into your mouth after it's done cooking. It's pretty hot. So blow on it first before you eat it. It was pretty dry, no juices squirted into my mouth. It was just chewy meat. Honestly, I liked their "normal" meats better. They had good seasonings and tasted all right. So come here to try the penises and balls, just to say you've tried them. But I would suggest getting the normal lamb, beef, and chicken stuff.They also have various noodle soups. They're fine. It's a nice break from eating mountains of meat. The bowls of soup are huge. So they can be a meal by itself. Speaking of mountains of meat, they give you a ton of kabobs per order. I think 5-10 skewers come out per order. It is a lot of food. So don't go in here thinking they're some dinky little kabobs. They give you a lot of food. So order accordingly. The service seemed friendly and the cute waitress awkwardly smiled at our penis jokes. I'm sure she has never heard them before.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2013,11/10/2013,204,194,2,7,3>I'd say that with three visits in two weeks, Marlow's Tavern is quickly becoming one of my favorite hangouts.  It's got just the right atmosphere for me to really enjoy a Friday night.  It manages to combine elements of a good neighborhood bar with creative and compelling menu items that you'd find at a hip and trendy eatery.  I've become rather fond of their kettle chips, topped with gorgonzola, bacon, tomato, and scallions.  It's just enough to satisfy two people that are feeling "snacky".  I've also tried one of their flatbread specials - the day we visited, it was a southwest chicken flatbread with corn, tomatoes, beans, and cheese.  Yum.  But my favorite item by far has been the open-faced tenderloin steak sandwich complete with garlic kale pesto, gorgonzola, caramelized onions, tomatoes, and balsamic glaze.  It's the interplay between the steak, gorgonzola and balsamic glaze that makes my tastebuds dance.  My wife has been particularly fond of the Prime Rib French Dip, and I can see why.  If you haven't been, you're missing out - I assure you.Oh, and who could forget the drinks?  Whether it's a glass of beer, wine, or one of their finely crafted cocktails, you really can't go wrong.  I particularly like the "Gin Job" cocktail - a fancy gin and tonic with a noticeable hint of basil that really elevates the flavor of the drink.  My only complaint?  It can be a tad pricy - not outrageous, but perhaps just a few more dollars for a meal than I would've liked.  Oh well, it's still worth it - though it may limit my visits here to once every few weeks or so from here on out. Yes, indeed.  I have a new favorite.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,11/9/2013,131,163,8,13,7>It's my opinion that every man should own a Stetson hat.  I've owned one for over a decade, but when I lost some weight a couple of years back I learned that apparently most of that weight had encircled my big ol' fat head.  When I took my hat out a few weeks ago and tried it on, it could spin around on my scalp like a Yosemite Sam cartoon.  It was time for an upgrade.High Plains Western Wear is located near my office and I drive past it nearly every weekday.  After reading Jim H's review I decided it would be worthwhile to stop in and browse the hat selection on my commute home one day.  They have a pretty decent selection to choose from, with a good range of materials and colors.  All of the hats seem to be priced very well--you can pick up a beautiful Stetson for under $100.  I opted for one made from buffalo hide.The staff are very friendly.  The cowboy who greeted me when I walked in also helped me pick out a hat that fit my head and he gave me some good tips on which colors might be the most versatile.  He was polite and helpful; perhaps a bit too helpful.  After selecting my hat, I decided to browse the rest of the store and he followed me around like a personal attendant.  He was just being attentive but it was a bit uncomfortable.This place has an incredible selection of boots.  There is a second floor that is filled with nothing but shelf upon shelf of men's boots, wall-to-wall.  I don't know much about boot pricing, but it looked like there were some pretty good deals up there.  They also stock women's boots and other Western wear essentials like belts, buckles, chaps and jeans.  The interior is much larger than it appears from the outside.I'm no cowboy.  But I do believe that there are certain Western wear staples that everyone should own.  Some occasions just call for a Stetson or a nice pair of boots, and you can't ask to borrow another man's hat.  This is a good place to pick up those items for a very reasonable price.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,11/8/2013,63,215,3,9,8>Jakim (a.k.a Jake) made our brunch last Sunday perfect in every way.  I was finally able to order the Shrimp & Grits because he offered to remove the tails for me.  And, it was a delicious dish!We devoured the Grit Fritters and Deviled Eggs for appetizers.  Fresh-squeezed OJ and Pomegranate Ginger Ale terrifically complemented the meal.Between us, we also ordered French Toast, the Farmer's Basket, cheese grits, and applewood smoked bacon - all fantastic.And, for my visiting guests, I bought a pound of their coffee to go.All in all, another example of how service can give a dining experience the push from 4 stars to 5.  Jakim (or Jake) really enjoys finding ways to make the guests at home.  Ask for him!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,11/7/2013,68,272,4,6,4>This is tucked in the Nukoa Plaza off of Steve Reynolds in Duluth. Most of the stores there are Korean. I've driven by this shopping center a million times, but I've never been inside until a friend suggested that we go there for lunch over the weekend. I felt like I was in San Gabriel Valley in LA with all of the Chinese shops/restaurants- but this was a Korean version of a typical SGV shopping center. The restaurant is not very big. There was a wait on a Saturday during lunchtime. They have benches outside for you to sit on (thank goodness!). The inside definitely gives off a "cute" vibe like you'd find in Asia. The waitresses were dressed in school girl outfits. The menu were mostly translated to English except for the odeng part (fish cakes).  We had a few of the kimbap rolls. My kids liked the cheese kimbap. The husband liked the bulgolgi kimbap. I had the cold chewy noodles which was very good. We also tried some of our friend's spicy rice cake dish which was really big in terms of portion size. It can easily feed 2-3 people. He ordered "hot" which was not even the spiciest, and it was very spicy (even for me when I am known to be able to tolerate spicy foods). Prices were good. The waitresses were all very nice, friendly, and spoke English well even though we spoke no Korean.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,11/6/2013,705,1112,7,8,4>It is not easy being a dark haired German girl with fair skin.  There's a lot of...uhm...maintenance and it can get pretty costly.  Unique Threading & Body Wax is the most affordable waxing salon that I have ever found.  I also have very sensitive skin and waxing tends to leave my skin irritated for days.  Unique uses a sugar gel wax with natural ingredients (just sugar, water, and lemon) that doesn't irritate my skin.  If you're like me and need a lot of work done, they offer full and half body packages.  Also, they have a customer loyalty card where you get every 9th eyebrow threading for free.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,11/5/2013,148,167,9,10,6>I truly enjoy the Silver Comet Trail.  I've walked on this trail in the snow, the rain, and hellish heat, and I've enjoyed every moment.  I discovered this walking/biking track when I lived in Vinings some odd years ago and even though I've moved, I still continue going there.  I find it's usually best to go during the week in the morning or before everyone gets off work (before 6pm) to get in a serious workout.(this is cancelled out for holidays during the week)  Also, the weekend is more crowded with families, bikers, dog walkers, joggers, plus more... so again the week days for working out, the weekend for more hanging out.  I only walk on the trail, and in staying to the far right side of the track, I've never had a run in with bikers even when walking in a pair with my mother.  Anyone on a trail is suppose to announce themselves in passing, but 99.9999% of the people on this trail do not, so I look out for myself and try not to get ran over.  I'm also pretty tough and bitchy and if anyone runs into me, I suggest they flee for their lives!!!  I park at the Mavell Road entrance and it can get very crowded by evening, so going down toward the middle or end can aid in a faster exit when trying to back your car out.  Also this trail is well shaded but can become very VERY steamy after it rains and you'll be sweating in places that weren't suppose to sweat.  But other than that, the trail is rather peaceful and quiet.  There's lots of nature and yes it's going to attack your face such as bugs... bugs... and BUGS.  So to wrap up my tale, I've used the restrooms at the Mavell Station once..... never again....never again..... Other than that... potty at home, enjoy your walk, be courteous to others, and break for squirrels!!!
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,11/4/2013,21,66,6,7,4>Go. Here.The only thing I've found wrong with this place is the awkward parking situation. Otherwise, I have been here about a half dozen times and never disappointed. The combo rice dish is super and tons of food. Had several of the banh mi - love it! and the spring roll is a favorite too. You can get a sandwich and spring rolls (2), which is about way too much food for one person, for like $5. A note about soups. Cause I saw a bunch of complaints. I haven't tried any. There's about 5 Pho restaurants within 5 miles of here, most of which have Pho in the name. They're pretty much all good (my favorites are What the Pho and Saigon Cafe). I go here for Banh Mi. It's called the Banh Mi Cafe. Not to say the soups are bad, I don't know. But before you judge, try the Banh Mi. It's really good.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,11/3/2013,180,306,5,6,6>Everything I could ever want in a coffee shop. Spacious, loft style interior reminiscent of the warehouse that formerly occupied the building. Comfortable couches, tables and chairs for working, or just window side bar seating so you can watch the people and life outdoors. Unique to CC is a small, internal amphitheater space for live music and a couple more intimate spaces for private meetups. They serve Counter Culture coffees and also carry Almond milk in addition to the normal soy. If you are a tea fan, they carry Two Leaves and a Bud organic teas and will prepare them as directed or let you steep yourself.Everything here is warm and genuine. Service is friendly, people trendy, and hours lengthy. Quite a few live events featured consistently throughout the week, yet you can still work here with ease. Plenty of power outlets too!No visit to historic Woodstock is complete without a respite at the Copper Coin. Catch me on the couches!
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,11/2/2013,157,198,15,6,5>So I must update my review after my last dinning experience. I took David K. out here for a date because I wanted my boyfriend to try this place out. You should notice two things about their Ramen, the broth and the soft boiled egg. Both are incredibly delicious. I've came here for family dinners before with my 2 older brothers and my white sister-in-law. I only point out that she is white because for some reason, my brothers and I always get brown soft boiled eggs and my sister gets a white egg. I am not sure if they intend to do that on purpose, but it's really funny. Long story short, I took David K. here and he absolutely loved it. Which I knew he would because Umaidos is amazing. What also impressed me if that they gave my white boyfriend a brown soft boiled egg. Maybe it's fate? Maybe it's a sign of compatibility? Maybe it's Umaidos saying they approve of my boyfriend.Screw going to a fortune teller! If you are an Asian man who is dating a white American, you need to take your date to Umaidos and see what kind of egg you get. Brown egg means ultimate approval by the noodle Gods.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,11/1/2013,328,633,9,9,8>"But the talley of bricks shall not dimish..." -- The Ten Commandments (1956)I love LEGOs. I own so many LEGOs, I cannot even tell you.  I should not be allowed in the LEGO store without supervision.I love this store. I am not a fan of the others as they are smaller in comparison and the staff is not as friendly.  Also, the one at Phipps is not a true store - it is a gift shop.  Your VIP card does not work the same (yes, I am a card-carrying LEGO VIP... I told you I had a problem).What I love about this store, is that the staff also loves LEGOs - they are passionate and can speak with authority and love for all the LEGO sets and series.  If you have a question, they can answer it without checking on anything.  They also can speak to adults and kids equally.  They don't think it's weird that this "older" woman comes in and has this love of all things LEGO and has no issue dropping $100 on a LEGO Black Pearl (Pirates of the Caribbean).I highly recommend this store - and I will be back again and again.  And if you want to buy me something... LEGO Death Star, please.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,10/31/2013,31,69,,4,4>I love this place!! They give the best pedicures ever because they come with a neck and shoulder massage!!!! Prices are a little high, but you get what you pay for!! All my pedicures last until I go back and get them redone. My last one had a small chip, but that is nothing compared to most of my pedicures at other places. The customer service here is very good and sometimes they run specials. They do things like a "champagne rose pedicure" and hot stone pedicure. I usually get the sugar scrub which leaves my feet and legs nice and soft.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,10/30/2013,28,40,2,7,3>I pretty much ate here religiously every Friday during the summer.  You wouldn't think anything of the place by looking at it, but I think that adds to the experience. During the lunch hour it is super crowded. Indoor seating is almost non existent, but they have a decent amount of outdoor seating. Definitely worth a look if you want to try a locally owned folksy type establishment.The burger is good. You can tell it is handmade due to the inconsistencies in the patty. Kind of like a five guys, but maybe a little better. If you have a big appetite I recommend getting the double, because the single will easily be drowned out by the bun and condiments ! Toppings are always up to par, never any old soggy tomatoes or lettuce or anything like that. All the veggies got a good crunch.Definitely a casual, average all american type menu. It is not quite as fancy as Yeah!, Flip, or Farm Burger..but you can still get a veggie or turkey burger. I also like their chili dogs ! Their fries can be a hit or miss though..I like them but a lot of people complain about them being overcooked or too soggy or over seasoned so maybe specify how you like em when you order ! Also, two people could easily share one order of fries During peak hours, customer service suffers a bit. They do what they can and I never have any complaints but just don't go in their expecting 5 star service.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,10/29/2013,10,103,3,4,4>We eat here at least once a week. The young man who runs it is always so nice and the food it AMAZING!!! Yesterday we had friends over and made a taco run that ended up totaling 50 tacos, some without cilantro some without onions. They took the order in stride and everything came out right. I feel ridiculous singing the praises of a vendor parked in a gas ration parking lot but everyone who we introduce to El Don is floored by how good it is! The tacos are small but packed with meat and they are so straight forward (only meat, onions and cilantro). I am so happy to live 2 minutes from this fantastic tasting, incredibly good value meal!!!
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,10/28/2013,87,44,7,8,7>The best burger in Atlanta. That's right! Do I have your attention now?I've always loved Table&Main, and have been a few times with family and friends. On our most recent visit, I was in the mood for a burger, so I decided to give theirs a try. It was love at first bite! I think it was the bacon jam that did it for me. It was the perfect mix of juicy, savory, and sweet all on a delicious bun. (Gotta find out where they get those buns) And I have to say, I haven't been to all of the staple Atlanta burger restaurants yet, but so far this burger wins for me!Along with the burger, we had the fried okra and roasted beets to share. And no visit to Table&Main would be complete without someone ordering the Pie of the Day from The Pie Hole! Seriously, you can't go wrong here no matter what you order. Table&Main will always be a favorite of ours.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,10/27/2013,87,244,4,5,5>I absolutely love this place. Not only do I love the opportunity to go see a movie, but the food here is great!! I've had the coconut chicken tenders and loved them. Their fries are absolutely delicious too!! I've also had the pizza, which is a GREAT option for sharing with someone. My ultimate favorite thing to get though, is the bbq bacon cheeseburger. Hands down, this this is so incredible. I love that to get a (free) refill, all I have to do it hit my red button and someone will come and get me whatever I need. I've always had positive customer service here and never had any issues with my food or drinks.Every time my parents come to down to visit us from Michigan, my mom and I go to SMG. She loves the concept and thinks they should expand north! I agree!!!
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,10/26/2013,467,559,11,16,11>"Men may come and men may go.....but Pie (Pi) goes on for ever." ~ George Augustus SalaThat Pie Place presents a cool concept in a clean, bright shop. Think "Hot Pockets" and you get the idea. Pick from the menu of pies such as Chicken Pot Pie, Cuban, Chicken Cordon Bleu, Jerk Chicken, Philly Cheesesteak etc or just make your own. I have had the veggie lovers, which is okay, and chipotle black bean which is surprisingly good.Breakfast pies are available, haven't tried them...yet.Menu is completed with salads, sides, and soups. The Happy Hour (3-6pm) here is the real deal, half off all pies, so most if not all are $2.49, which is a fantastic deal for a great product.Staff here is great, professional, friendly and helpful. They know the menu well, and are great at introducing the concept to newbies.Dessert pies include traditional pies such as cherry, apple, pecan and fun ones like s'mores and Elvis. I've had them all, and not ashamed to admit it. Make them a la mode for .99. They are all friggin' good. "You like pie? I like pie." ~ Barack Obama
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2013,10/25/2013,70,59,2,6,3>Drive 20 miles to go to the supermarket ? Yup As long it id the Buford Highway Farmers Market, I make that round trip almost every week now (and yes I stop off of at Super H Mart too on my way home too). Why drive that far?   Its the produce (it is fresh and it is significantly less expensive the the suburban alternatives that dot  almost every mall in metro Atlanta); its the meats  (so fresh, and with cuts and varieties  that the suburban box stores can't or won't match); its the seafood  (again it's the variety that is unequaled); its  ethnic flavors(where else are the aisles labeled, and stocked by region of the globe?) presented in a way that is not "challenging"  to those of us whose first language is English.So why only four stars? it is the amenities other the groceries.... Its the parking (it appears that I get "dinged every time I go there); its the access from Buford highway; and its the lack of  the prepared foods in the cafeteria.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,10/24/2013,45,108,2,20,7>The garlic na'an here is completely dope.  Start with an order of that.Follow with any of the dishes that have the little "house specialty" icon next to them.  I've quality tested several of them in preparation for this review.  All very good.  And, they're not afraid to dial up the spice.  Medium spicey(aka a "3" out of "5") is way spicier than, say, Popeye's fried chicken (I know, I know...they don't serve fried chicken FWIW.)  A "5" is probably Man Versus Food hot.They actually have a decent wine selection (some Indian restaurants don't), and the nights I've been there, have offered to open a fresh bottle just for by-the-glass purchases.Service is friendly.  Owners sit at the back and survey everything while the nice wait-staff handles the dining room.Bombay Flames sits in a modest location next to a vacant building that promises to become a billiards hall.  Or so the Kiwi shoe polish writing on the windows say.  Bombay Flames...BF.  Great place for a quiet, delicious Indian meal.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,10/23/2013,25,144,5,11,7>I was very impressed with the service, the food, the atmosphere and everything else about this restaurant.I read about the $10 wine tasting on Wed., which is kinda the reason we went.  When we got there, the owner (Michael) told us they had done away with it a couple months earlier, but he was glad to accommodate me, so I tried two whites and two reds.  The wine list is very 'under the radar', but I enjoyed everything I tried.We ordered the Vidalia Onion bake, which is a warm cream-cheesy, onion dip, topped with bread crumbs.  It's so rich that we almost decided to share an entree; be forewarned...it's more food than it looks like, but I would eat it off the floor if they'd give me some of those fried pita chips.  She had the pork tenderloin, which arrived atop mashed sweet potatoes, with a Granny Smith apple salad.  She won for having the tastiest entree, but my bacony meatlof was not far behind.  It came with whipped potatoes and haricot verts.  Dinner took about two hours, which was a nice change.  We definitely changed into elastic pants when we got home.The fact that it's only 10 minutes away is the icing on the cake; we couldn't manage dessert this time, but we'll definitely plan ahead the next time.  Well-done, Michael...
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,10/22/2013,59,118,2,5,2>The King of the Sea soup is delicious.  It has calamari, scallops, mussel, and shrimp and it's in a broth that is close to Tom Yum soup.  Chicken satay was tasty as well and very tender.  I really liked the cucumber vinegar dressing that came with it.Thaicoon Claypot is just full of yummy seafood goodness.  I love the broth that comes with the dish. It has a slightly sweet, basil taste and only a little bit spicy.  The Thaicoon fried rice tasted odd.  It was beautifully presented but it just had a strange flavor to it.  My boyfriend ordered it and didn't really eat it until he got home and doctored it up.  I'm not sure if the taste was just some residual flavor from something else that was cooked before it or if it was supposed to taste like that.  It almost tasted like some artificial pork (?) flavor.  The train went through a few times while we were there but I was really surprised that it wasn't really that intrusive.  (The train is located right beside the restaurant.) Only when the train blows it's horn can you really hear it.  Otherwise, it wasn't really that loud or obnoxious.  I was really pleasantly surprised.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,10/21/2013,144,135,2,4,3>This was needed. A bakery in east Cobb that has more than cupcakes (not that I don't LOVE cupcakes). Good value and you can tell everything is fresh and made when you order it. I enjoyed the breakfast croissant and toffee delight. The toffee delight doesn't look huge but it was so rich and dense that it could easily be shared.  Everyone is way nice. I will be stopping here for a sweet fix after Moxie Burger or after getting my hair done next door. They also have lunch and brunch. Will have to try that. They can do wedding and special occasion cakes, too. A nice display of them are in the front window. Owners were super nice and knowledgeable. Nice to have a locally owned company to go to!
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,10/20/2013,1424,609,36,43,40>August 24th, 2013 - First stop on our Burger Tour #2Our last tour gave us high expectations as we sampled what many consider to be the best burger in Atlanta and possibly the world. So when we heard Alton Brown of Food Network fame featured the Jake's Slaw Burger as the best sloppy thing he ever ate, the gauntlet had been cast!T H E   E X P E R I E N C EThis joint is tiny, but somehow they managed to pull off a respectable amount of tables in a space literally smaller than my garage. Every inch is accounted for and makes it feel a little crowded and frenzied. Strangely, that's the way I like it!I may be weird, but I really love a bustling burger joint with the smell of meat & onions grilling, the roar of orders being called out and people enjoying their meals in an unpretentious environment. WARNING: You'll have to share elbow space here, so if you've got people phobias or proximity issues you may wanna sit at the patio outside and send someone in to place your order.  JAKE'S SLOPPY SLAW BURGERIf you don't like this burger you may need to check your pulse, because it's quite possible you are dead. It has all the normal fixin's of a classic American cheeseburger with the bonus of a sweet cole slaw topping instead of lettuce. I really enjoyed it!I shared this burger with two others since we were trying to save as much space as possible for three additional restaurants on our tour today, but I would not have regretted eating the entire burger. As a matter of fact, it was so good I left here wishing I would have ordered my own. I tell you what, you can go on and on about Kobe and Waygu beef, brioche buns and exotic cheeses... but NOTHING beats a well priced classic hole in the wall cheeseburger. TIP - Opt for the onion rings instead of the fries. They're delicious.T H E   V E R D I C TI often find myself disagreeing with the recommendations of many of the food based shows like Diner's Drive-in's & Dives or Man vs. Food. However, 'The Best Thing I Ever Ate' has been spot on every place I've had the opportunity to visit. The Slaw burger here is exceptional and practically unbeatable for the price. The lithograph-like picture of Alton Brown however, is a little bit creepy watching over your meal... LOL
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,10/19/2013,95,94,8,10,9>Ok, seriously, this place is slap-your-mamma good. After my husband and I got back from our honeymoon in Jamaica, I've been craving Jamaican food, but have some pretty high standards to meet. Jamaica Mi Krazy fulfilled my expectations, and then some! The environment in the restaurant is VERY family friendly, ie, sometimes the kids will serve you, or help you with your drink, or whatever. I think it's awesome and the kids are really cute and say hysterical things that you wouldn't expect children working in their parents restaurant to say, for example, one entrepreneurial spirit said "Step aside, Mom, step aside, I got this!" and then proceeded to ring up my order! It just really made it feel like a family business, and I liked that.Now on to the FOOD! I got the jerk chicken, which came with rice and cabbage and awesome sauce. I went with the spicy sauce because oxtail sounded scary at the time, and I was not disappointed. It was pretty spicy, but in that awesome, Caribbean, super layered flavors kind of way. The chicken was tender and falling off the bone. I got a large and it was enough for two of us to share. I will probably get two larges next time, but that's just because I'm kind of a fatty and want to have a ton of leftovers so I can have it for lunch the next day, too. I added on an order of fried plantains, and those were solid as well. Not too greasy, not too crunchy, just right.Overall, this place is some seriously good food. You can dine in, but it seems like most people just carry out. They are rarely very busy, but I'm guessing (hoping) this is because everybody just takes it to go. I highly recommend giving this place a shot if you're looking for some finger licking good Jamaican food.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,10/18/2013,75,190,4,5,4>I have been a fan of Crepe Revolution and my opinion hasn't changed now that the name has changed.  I really didn't see much of a change in anything from Crepe Revolution to Table 33.  All my favorite dishes are still there and now they also have some more sandwich options.This is one of my favorite places to come for breakfast/brunch in the area. The food is always solid and service is great.A few things I like here:1) This place is very dog-friendly.  They let you have your 4-legged family member on the patio and will gladly bring him/her a bowl of water.  I would not recommend, however, having them lick your plate... others might frown upon that :)2) The food is great! I absolutely love the Benedict Poser - eggs benedict with steak! Yummm.  My husband is a big fan of the blintzes (any of them) and the grits here are delicious, too.3) Great value for the money... 'nuff said!4) Yummy cocktails - I love their champagne cocktails here.  All of them are so light and refreshing.  Definitely delicious!The only thing I would stay away from - the "bloody mary's".  The owner told us a long time ago that since he didn't have a license for hard liquor, he was trying to come up with an alternative to a Bloody Mary by using sake instead of vodka.  It just doesn't work... they taste weird!  Stick with their champagne cocktails!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,10/17/2013,45,354,3,9,7>I can't think of any better way to celebrate my 100th review than to write about something near and dear to my heart (and stomach): donuts. I had read about Sweet Apple after I visited Dutch Monkey Doughnuts. I couldn't believe there was another non-franchised donut shop much closer to where I live. So last week, on a whim, my friends and I played hooky from work to get some donuts from Sweet Apple. We got there right on time before they close at 3pm. I thought there would be slim pickings and then most of the good donuts would be taken, but I was wrong.The co-owner of Sweet Apple made suggestions for us and told us about their donuts. She told us about her tofu donuts or "muscle donuts" as she liked to call them while she flexed her arm for us. Popular in Asia, it's a plain-looking donut but the texture makes it delicious. It's a cross between a yeast donut and cake donut, but it's more chewier - like an al dente donut, if you will. Another special donut worth mentioning there is the bacon-cheddar-maple bar. The bar is striped with bacon and cheddar cheese strips all on top of a maple frosting. The co-owner suggested that we microwave before eating. The result was a delicious, savory marriage of sweet and salty on a pillowy donut. This is an absolute can-not-miss donut much better than the famed maple bacon donut at Voo Doo Donuts in Portland, Oregon. We're told that the donuts at Sweet Apple are made fresh each day (they wake up at 2am! it's no wonder they close early at 3pm) and they use local and organic ingredients. For example, their strawberry donut is made with fresh pressed strawberry juices. While donuts aren't the healthiest treats to eat, the least one can do is find the healthiest kind that actually tastes good. I can't make the drive to Sublime in Midtown, but I can easily make the trip to Sweet Apple.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,10/16/2013,18,135,2,5,6>Trying out short sentences to write a review to see how it looks like for a change ;-)Saturday afternoon... feeling hungry... had to find a new place to have lunch.... Logon to Yelp.. searching for lunch restaurants in duluth, GA... Picked the first one...and this was it.. Checked out the photos.. Decided what we needed to order.. It had been a while since we had some vietnamese food... Entered the restaurant.. greeted by a waiter... picked a spot we liked to sit.. ordered our food immediately.. Food arrives in 10 minutes.. Take photographs for uploading in yelp..  Gobbled up the tasty food in another 10 to15 minutes.. Was offered a free dessert.. Chocolate cake... :-).. Walked out on a full stomach... Happy lunch :-)Will be back again :-)
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,10/13/2013,178,660,2,3,5>We'd been looking for a good Korean BBQ place in Atlanta for quite some time, and Honey Pig came highly recommended. We weren't disappointed. The waitstaff is made up of pleasant, helpful young men who hustle to keep all the tables happy. We were seated right away and ordered a couple of Cass beers to share.We went for the Honey Pig (kurobuta pork belly), specialty of the house, to begin, and were happy with the quality and portion of the meat. We followed that up with the mixed mushrooms and an order of spicy squid. Our favorite may have been the squid. The kimchee, bean sprouts and other sides were all good. I especially liked the cold garlicky soup. We asked for lettuce leaves, and were also served pickled radish wraps and ricecake wrap options. The scallion salad was on the table as well. The kimchee fried rice at the end of the meal was over the top, and then there was also tofu soup. If we'd had another couple with us it still would have been enough food. We'll be back for sure.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,10/12/2013,32,64,,2,3>About a month ago, I was at Bento Cafe a few doors down and saw the sign for Bambu. So when I saw the reviews on Yelp about a Vietnamese dessert place, I had to check it out! I love me some che thai.  Well, this isn't exactly che thai but fruity jellies in coconut milk/cream with ice.. I'm in heaven! (Is that what che is??? Stuff in coconut milk or half&half?) ANYWAY.. I asked the nice lady at the counter if she can recommend me something without beans.  She said that #6 is popular.  I didn't know what half those ingredients were, but I was in an adventurous mood.Yummy, refreshing, with a ton of different textures! I love the different slimy, slippery, fruit flavored jellies... I know it doesn't sound all that great, but I like it.  It's a nice dessert or snack on a hot day! Like the other reviewers mentioned, there isn't much seating inside.  I didn't have a place to sit while I was waiting, but it took like 2 minutes so I didn't mind.  I just wouldn't come here with a group of friends.. I'll just take it to-go.  ~$4.50 for a cup is a bit expensive, but I couldn't finish in one sitting so you can probably share.  I actually saved the bottom half and threw out the ice on top so that I can add some coconut cream/milk for later.Maybe I'll try the bubble teas next time! Or I'll just create my own che?
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,10/11/2013,22,75,4,4,2>BELIEVE THE HYPE.  I moved here from Chicago in fear of never having "authentic" Mexican food again.Tacos La Villa is doing everything right.  They are keeping simple with the familiar Mexican flavors and menu.  What is exceptionally unique is that they have a salsa bar.  I've never been to a hole in the wall Mexican joint that offered the luxury of adding your own condiments and toppings to your meal.I had a chicken burrito and my husband had a steak burrito.  The chicken was previously marinated in something marvelous.  We topped our burritos off with some salsa verde which was delicious.  Proceed with caution though because the lighter colored salsa verde is exceptionally spicy.   They also use El Milagro tortillas, from Chicago, which gave me a taste of home.We also decided to try one chicken tamale and one pork tamale.  It's as authentic as it gets unless you have a Mexican family and they are made with love.  They serve it in the husk and it steams when you open it.  Typically my favorite part of a tamale is the filling.  However the masa they made for these tamales was sweet and reminded me of corn bread.  I haven't had a tamale like that in a very long time.What is also unique but funny about this place is that it's clearly a failed Quizno's.  It still has the decor on the walls.  I guess it's true when they say one man's trash is another man's treasure.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,10/10/2013,162,319,4,6,6>I have since been here a couple more times. Once for brunch on Saturday, once for lunch today.I did not realize Alon's even served brunch. In fact, it is served till 3pm, which is unheard of. Even though there were delicious-sounding ricotta pancakes on the menu, I went for one of their egg grilled paninis, which came with a scrambled egg, Gruyere cheese and tomato. I added turkey bacon for $1.50 (making this breakfast sandwich about $9.50 -- geez!). For an expensive-ass breakfast sandwich, it sure was heavenly. The bread was crispy, the cheese was actually discernible (a lot of the times, melted cheese gets lost in a sandwich like that) and I loved the bacon. We opted for some dessert as well. We got the chocolate mousse slice (there is also a version that comes in a cup, but I believe that is straight up mousse) and a couple of macarons. I got lemon, my friend got raspberry. The chocolate mousse was great... not too sweet since it was made from dark chocolate. There were thin layers of cake as well for added texture. We both loved it. The macaron was delicious, but I knew it would be since I got to try Alon's lemon macaron at Honey Bubble. My friend, not knowing what was the hype about macarons, decided she now understood after eating her raspberry macaron. The mousse was $4, the macarons were $2 each.I also took my coworkers for lunch today. I was expecting to just order a sandwich off the menu, but noticed someone ordering grilled chicken breast and sides from their deli case. Wait, what?! I immediately peered into the glass case for their offerings and spotted something that sounded amazing -- goat cheese stuffed risotto cakes. At only $2.50 each, I jumped on it. I got kale salad to go with it, which was $8.99/lb. My lunch was less than $5.50... for a gourmet meal. I was so happy.The food was delicious, though the risotto cake was understandably cold... am I wrong, or was there a microwave available? Maybe I was just seeing things, but I felt like it was still good cold, so I kept eating it. Now that I know that deli case exists, I just might have to keep coming back here.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,10/9/2013,103,298,,3,3>I have made a few visits to Popcorn Palladium to discover more flavors. Most recently I had sea salt & black pepper, loaded baked potato, caramel with chocolate and almonds and salt and vinegar.All of them are good. Fruit salad and caramel with chocolate and almonds are my favorite sweet flavors. Salt and vinegar is a good savory flavor, particularly if you like salt and vinegar potato chips.I plan to return to try other flavors!
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,10/8/2013,86,443,3,7,3>Here's a bit of spicy life that this shopping center needs. I think this center was built or remodeled right at the point where the commercial market crashed, so it's started from a short stack of chips and is struggling to work it's way out of the hole. The interior feels a bit like a converted night club, but I also can see a lot of potential in getting a large pack of folks together here.The menu pleasantly reminds me of the Crawfish Shack down Buford Hwy. The flavors hit those same spots as well. However, the space and speed seem to be more accommodating. Pick an ocean dweller and how you want it boiled or fried and it's brought for your messy enjoyment. The prices are by the pound, so if you ask nice they can do a half pound of two different things for you if you're feeling ambivalent. The fried catfish on the po' boy was deliciously flaky.We had a delightful dessert that was similar to a cream horn with a chocolate mousse on top; I'm not sure I've ever encountered anything quite like it but it hit the spot.Liquor license should be showing up in a couple weeks, so that should help things along. Spicy boiled shrimp beg for beer companionship. A couple negatives, but I'm willing to write them off as growing pains right now. The plastic crackers struggled with the crab; once they upgrade to metal, they'll be fine. Another is that the prices seem a bit high for what you get. They're good portion sizes and it's what you *should* eat. However, the manifesto of the American diner requires feeling overfull. Some bread or a pile of potatoes to go along with the boil would go a long way to compromise for a marginal cost.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,10/7/2013,54,105,2,5,2>This is easily one of our favorite lunch places!! The food is consistently good, and the pricing model is very fair. Decoration is pretty nice, the place feels pretty classy. Service is usually pretty good, unless they are in the weeds. But that's to be expected when any restaurant gets slammed.You pay for what you want... like many Thai places I've seen, and some other Asian places, you have the basic dish for a set price. Adding a protein, or a specialty veggie will cost you more. You can get as many as you want, so long as you are willing to pay for it. The small pho comes with a spring roll of your choice (lamb, shrimp, chicken, beef, pork, etc). All lunch specials come with a soda. I've tried several items from their lunch menu. Although most them them are very tasty, some of the offerings may be for those with a more modest appetite. The pho, large pho, and rice vermicelli with pork and jumbo shrimp. I've had their Pandan Fragrance Rice Combo before. The flavor and aroma was awesome, just wish they gave you more food. Same thing with the Spicy Seafood Soup with Egg Noodles. Leaving hungry after paying over $15 for lunch just doesn't seem right. The wait staff is very friendly, and they all have terrific personalities. If something isn't right, don't be afraid to let them know what can make your experience/meal better!
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,10/6/2013,910,392,2,4,4>Open 24 hours!. Came here after a party. Restaurant was clean, food was good, prices were good too.Not sure why it has so many bad reviews. Although, we did not eat the pho, but I usuaually dont order pho when I eat Vietnamese. THey have a pretty wide menu. They have egg noodle soups, friend pho/egg noodle dishes, sandwiches..and much more really.For the wide variety of food they have and the hours they are open (also serving good food) Im definately coming back. I probably never will try the pho though so I can't review on that. I got the combination heiu tieu. Others order the pho ap chow and bo luc lac. Everyone liked their food. There were actually about 6 tablets filled with people at 4am. So alot of people know about this place.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,10/5/2013,84,81,2,4,4>Romeos before or after a movie at Regal is just a must! I am obsessed with their veggie pizza.  Who would've thought that that combination of flavors/veggies would be to die for??  Mushrooms, Eggplant, Caramelized Onions, Sun Dried Tomatoes, Goat Cheese = YUMMY Their signature salad is great. Really full of "stuff" (Mixed Greens, Tomatoes, Artichokes, Sun Dried Tomatoes, Goat Cheese and Assorted Fruit) Definitely recommend giving it a try to share with the whole table. They offer gluten free pizzas which is great for a paleo cheat meal, but part of me says if you're going to cheat might as well go big right? Great staff and fast service! Love this place.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,10/4/2013,58,143,2,4,3>I have a new favorite neighborhood Thai restaurant!  Discovered this gem of a restaurant on Yelp just today!Spicy fried rice with shrimp was amazing with the perfect amount of heat! Drunken noodles with tofu equally delicious & the masamam curry was fantastic too!The three of us shared the homemade Thai coconut cake & OMG... It's a must have!!Excited to go back soon!
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,10/3/2013,183,107,14,7,6>DANGEROUSLY CONVENIENT.My favorite taco place got an internal facelift over a year ago updating the look of their menu, displayed over the counter where you order before sitting down. They added a flat screen tv and I no longer see the sign that reads 'no drugs, no alcohol and no firearms' that hung over the salsa bar. The double layer corn tortillas with your choice of meat and then topped with fresh onions and cilantro stay on your breath all night and I don't care! My favorites are the beef and chicken tacos, mulitas and the torta. Add salsa, pickled onions and carrots and dive in. The torta is a generous size with soft bread - a perfect picnic sandwich now that we're heading into spring. There's also a man who sits near the front door with his caselogic packed with bootleg DVDs - talk about one stop shopping.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,10/2/2013,180,568,2,6,3>Waller park extension is a hidden gem! I have lived in the area for a few years and I didn't even know about this park until a few days ago. My friend was telling me how awesome it is....and she was right!There are lots of sports fields here and I know Roswell recreation department offers sports classes for kids.  There are 2 play structures. One hue one for older kids including a rock wall, huge slides, and other various things. Then a smaller one with the same kind of things on a smaller level.  They have several swings including a tire swing and handicapped swing too. There is a pavilion are with lots of shade, and there is good shade coverage from the trees as well. There is also a huge skate park in the back!! Also community tennis courts!This seems like a great park and we will definitely be utilizing it!
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,10/1/2013,57,56,3,9,8>When you see that 5 stars, you should know that I'm not much of a cook.  Even so, I give this place the top marks, completely for the experience.  I wandered in off the street with my parents, having no idea what to expect.  We were entertained for a solid 90 minutes.  Now I would keep this place in mind as a 5th date spot for a woman who is into cooking.From a relatively unassuming exterior, you wander into this place, one of the charming looking houses-cum-stores on Canton St.  To be fair, the exterior does say exactly what you will find inside, but you may be surprised if you've not heard of this sort of store.  In the front room, one finds a staggering number of olive oils.  Arranged from mild to strong, you can taste each and every one.  Be sure to just do a drop, and the proper way is to slurp the olive oil.  Make the noise and impress your date with your knowledge.Next is the vinaigrette room.  Again, you are treated to a huge selection, of which you may sample any number.  Personally, I favor the fruity ones, and could not resist purchasing a couple of bottles.  Again, I don't cook much, but I wanted to support this place, and they were SO good.  I won't attempt to sway you one way or another on which are the best, but DO try a few flavors on the ice cream the staff provides!So that explains the name.  Olive oil and Vinaigrette.  In addition, they have a small sort of gourmet food room, in which we also made several selections.  We got some great pasta, and again got to sample a few things.  Definitely a great spot for an impulse purchase at the end of all the samplings.I confess once more to not being a chef, so I can't speak with authority on the pricing.  For a product with this level of presentation and quality, I can only say that I cannot imagine these prices as high.  Considering the experience you can have here as you're having a charming stroll down Canton St, I say you shouldn't leave without a bottle or two for home.  Just walk in the door, and these ladies will show you the ropes if you're clueless (like me).  They were so fun and knowledgeable, I had to pull one aside and thank her for giving my parents and I such a good time!
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,9/30/2013,17,17,5,11,6>Fresh and super delicious!!!  We stopped in for the first time and were greeted by Dominic who is about one of the nicest guys you will ever meet.  We sat and ordered "a little of this, and a little of that" to share.  Everything is cooked to order by Dominic himself, at that very moment.  Nothing premade, presliced, microwaved or reheated.....and you can tell from the taste.  He uses high quality, super fresh ingredients.We started with the garlic knots which were some of the best we had ever tasted.  There is plenty of fresh garlic and oil so if you are on a first date, just ask them to go easy.  But if not, don't mess with it...the taste is so yummy.  After my husband and I arm wrestled for the last one, out came our pizza which was  flavorful and delicious.  We also shared the chicken parm which we also enjoyed.  Can't wait to go back to try the meatballs!!!This is homemade Italian food like we are used to in the north.  The staff is great and the atmosphere is casual and welcoming.  So happy you came to Georgia!  Keep up the good work.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,9/29/2013,336,485,4,7,5>If there was a 4.5 star option, I would, but I'll round up instead.One reason I'm giving this place 5 stars is due to the lack of other AYCE Korean BBQ places in Atlanta. I've tried other places, and I wasn't as happy with it as I am here. I've been here countless times, and I've experienced Iron Age from the beginning, to what it has become now.Service will range based on what time you come. I've come to realize that service is always EXCEPTIONAL when it's busy and packed. Probably because they don't want to waste time when it's busy and other people are waiting for tables. When it's not as packed, everyone is pretty chill and relaxed so you'll be hitting the call button quite a few times. Food. There are various options that you can choose. AYCE A, AYCE B, or whatever else the menu has. AYCE A is a better option if you like variety. AYCE B is a more ideal option if you only prefer the beef brisket/pork. Before the change in price, I use to order just the beef brisket plate, rather than the AYCE because... between my sister and myself, it just wasn't possible to eat 4 full plates to get our monies worth getting AYCE. However, now, because you have to order 2 plates minimum, which is like 1 AYCE plate, you find yourself ordering and spending more than you would have if you ordered AYCE instead.They are about to roll out a new dish, which I have no idea what the name is, but it's chilled noodles with salad and dressing, and it is DELICIOUS. The manager was nice in picking our table to be the first one to try this magnificent dish, and all four of us LOVED it.Fried rice at the end is a MUST! Even if you're full, make it work! Lol.I recommend adding the remaining meat, salad, and some of the chili hot sauce to it. Waiters will look at you weird, but be persistent. I was apparently the first one to ask for the salad in my fried rice a year or so back, but now, it seems pretty normal, so give it a try.But anyway, I love this place, and I could eat here on a weekly/bi-weekly basis, even though I can replicate this at home down to the T. :]
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,9/28/2013,70,148,3,9,6>I love Yoly'z Salon. I've never really liked getting my hair cut until I started coming here. But, they are very welcoming. They are definitely not pushy when it comes to trying to talk you into trying any new, crazy style or buying a bunch of product. The experience is relaxing and uplifting. Why uplifting? Because I always leave feeling like I look my best. They also have a great referral program. 30% off of your next service if a friend comes in and lets them know that you recommended their services. I'm not trying to work up some YELP referrals, but I think it's worth noting that they really do reward customers and want to keep you coming back.PS: They have free wi-fi. You'll see the password in the changing rooms or at your stylist's station. This was very helpful for me when I wanted to show a few pictures of haircuts that I liked.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,9/27/2013,97,191,4,4,4>Wait, I haven't written a review for Williamson Bros yet?! Impossible. I've been here more times than I can count with my shoes off, so my procrastination skills are clearly shining through here. Ok, so if you drive down Roswell Rd. in Marietta, anywhere within the realm of the Big Chicken and the 120 Loop, you will be smelling the wood smoke wafting from the chimneys of Williamson Bros. It's really hard to resist. The feel when you walk in is much better than most in the area, as they are cooking several slabs of meat candy right in front of you when you walk in! It's a heavenly sight and smell. There's rarely a wait as the dining room is quite large. Sweet tea is on point. Moving on. Ok, so I am usually not one to stray from my usual meal at BBq restaurants. This is how I build my hierarchy of who's the best in town, by sampling the same thing. It'd be boring, except there is so much diversity in how the meats and sides are cooked that you rarely eat the same thing twice (unless you go to crappy places like Sonny's, where everything comes from a can anyway).Everything was right down the middle average, a little above if you account for the atmosphere. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was their potato salad. Meh. The thing I was a raving fan of was the piece of pecan pie I had, and Lord have MERCY was it good! I am not usually a fan of hot pie, but this slice just came out of the oven, and from the mix of southern that had already entered my mouth- There wasn't a better way to round out my food baby. Definitely stop by, enjoy a glass of sweet tea with your darlin', and be sure to save room for dessert.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,9/26/2013,16,66,3,6,3>Great little BBQ place hidden in a strip mall next to Publix. I like that the clerk asks if you'd like pickles with your order (I do not and I despise finding them on my meal unexpectedly). My favorite is the brisket and I can usually get the lunch special with no bun (just get 1/4 lb of meat) for a good price.They have a variety of sauces to choose from as well - a sweet sauce, a mustard based sauce and a hot sauce (I think?). They sell pies as desserts and carry Zapp's potato chips (a Louisiana favorite of mine!). Thumbs up in my book :)
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,9/25/2013,30,507,17,16,18>I feel dirty for writing this review considering Yelp is full of perverts and I am their leader.When I lived in Boston, I had a pole in my walk in closet. At the time, there were no classes offered and I had to learn from a sad DVD or from my girlfriends. When I heard there was a dance studio that didn't look like the set of the next Lifetime movie, I was excited!Pole Waxers is a welcome, hidden gem that is much needed in the Suburbs just like the Brazilian waxing places that are on every corner. I appreciate the awkward stares from family vans as I walk in, stilettos in hand and walk out with a glow and an evil smile.Whether you're a pro or someone that has always been curious about pole dancing, Pole Waxers has everything to start you out. If you're just starting out, I recommend the Sunday yoga class or chair class. No need to be shy, it's dark in here and what little light there is, is a black light so you look tan even in the dead of Winter. The chair class starts you off slow and gets you comfortable in the dance moves. The directors help loosen you up if you're nervous which is why I prefer Heidi's classes. Don't be fooled, every class is an excellent work out. You'd be surprised how your legs will feel after a few chair flips, backwards cowgirl grinds and leg thrusts!If you think you're ready for the pole, and who isn't, the Thursday booty class or Vixen Stiletto classes are my favorite. The dance moves are easy enough to keep up with and the music is so loud and booming you forget where you are and that you've mastered your first corkscrew without breaking an ankle. The girl next to you may even smack your ass as encouragement but you didn't hear me say that...
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,9/23/2013,149,208,4,9,5>My recent lunch at Breadwinner was a pleasant little surprise.  My Saturday plans fell through so I ended up going out for a last minute lunch one of my girlfriends.  We hadn't seen each other in while so we were looking to catch up.Breadwinner is located in Sandy Springs in the same shopping center as Brooklyn Cafe and Blue Grotto.  I had never heard of Breadwinner previously so when my friend texted me some options, I decided to go with this one.We showed up around 1:00 for a late lunch.  I didn't have a chance to check out the menu before the meal so I wasn't quite sure what to expect.  You order at the front counter when you get there.  They have about 7 or 8 different pre-made half sandwiches out on platters for you to choose.  There is a $10 special where they have various sandwich combos.  I can't remember all of them, but I got the half sandwich and two sides option.I picked the caprese sandwich with pasta salad and healthy slaw.  The caprese sandwich consisted of mozzarella, tomato, and pesto sauce.  You can eat the sandwich as is (cold) or they'll heat it up in the panini machine for you.  I requested the hot option.  Gooey cheese.  Hello?!?  The sandwich was really good.  The pasta salad contained artichoke hearts.  I was extremely curious about the healthy slaw.  I wasn't sure whether it would be any good or not.  The slaw was dressed in some type of vinaigrette.  Super tasty.  Hopefully it's healthy since they are calling it that.I didn't get to check out their famous sweet breads.  Will have to give those a try too.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,9/22/2013,71,139,2,7,6>This place is a little gem located off Highway 92, not far from the intersection with Hardscrabble Road.  It's not a national park or anything, but it provides several miles of pleasant walking trails throughout some beautiful Georgia scenery, and there's plenty of parking.  Today, we started our stroll past a large oak tree filled with kids hanging from its branches, hiked about a mile to a small lake to sit for a bit with some families trying to catch (and release) some fish, and then hiked out past the dog park, where little and big dogs alike were enjoying the beautiful weekend.  If you need a place close by to escape from life for awhile and get some fresh air, this is the place.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,9/21/2013,29,92,2,7,5>Arrived here today, Monday 7/1/2013 at 9 am. Looking forward to working out of a coffee shop and checking out the new vibe. Started my day with a cappuccino and a croissant. The owner, Yossi suggested that if I wanted my, "mouth to sing" I needed to cut the croissant in half, add butter and his fancy jam. LAAAAAAAAAAA, yup he was right! The staff was so attentive and while I worked on my laptop in a corner and they kept checking on me. Around noon I had a chicken salad sandwich with a grapefruit Pelegrino. WOW!! crusty crispy sourdough with perfect seasoned chicken salad, light may heavy flavor with all kinds of delicious fillings and arugula. The Pelegrino complimented the flavor. They had a nice lunch crowd and I can see word of mouth is paying off!There is no food menu here, Yossi makes different things every day. Note to others, iced coffee and American coffee isn't what they are great at, espresso based drinks is the answer to the question.I stayed until 4 pm and no one gave me a hard time about over staying my welcome. How nice it is to have a locally owned, hang out. I hope they get a liquor license I can stay for THREE meals!!
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2013,9/20/2013,19,120,2,4,2>OK - this could be dangerous....Did the final paperwork at my new home in Atlanta (transplant from Chicago) - starving, drive about 4 blocks and see a neat looking BBQ place in  a strip mall - now Chicago's a town that's great at cooking a lot of things....but BBQ ain't one of them.......so whenever I'm down South or in Texas, I eat BBQ almost every night.....The Ribs here MIGHT have been the best I've ever had....and when  I told a friend, she said "you have to try the cobbler there, it's the best"...then I saw the nice little patio section outside...So, when the wife comes down for good in a couple weeks, I can bribe her by telling her they have free cheesy biscuits, and they do have salads on the menu and that the calories won't count if we walk there - and, we can take the puppies and sit outside....Got a hunch this is going to be an at least once a week place......
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,9/19/2013,74,119,4,5,5>I love Arden's Garden and this location in particular. It's one of the newer ones and I was delighted to have it so close to work!  I'm here at least once a week to stock up.The staff is friendly, helpful and knowledgeable, especially the original 3 employees. There have been a couple of new folks lately but they've been great so far.If you are a newbie to veggie juices, try the Yoga 1 - great greens such as kale, spinach and cucumber but the added pineapple is what you will primarily taste. Carrot/Apple/Ginger is another fav along with Hot Shot, Paradise, Green Energy Machine and a few seasonal favorites (Tangerine and Watermelon). Do try the Grand Slam at some point - a 1oz shot of wheatgrass, ginger, lemon and cranberry juices. The ginger will hurt every feeling you have. Seriously. Disgusting on it's own. But good for you along with the others. They will usually offer a chaser which will taste like nectar of the Gods after the Grand Slam. If they don't, ask for one.Check them out if you have ever thought about juicing or want to add some goodness into your system along with the great food around the city. They do cleanses and detoxes also. I recently did a 2 day one and (survived) was surprised at how much I was not starving and enjoyed the break from thinking about what was for breakfast/lunch/dinner. Seemed to reset my taste buds as well.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,9/18/2013,140,186,4,9,8>What an amazing experience this was!My beloved cat passed away 1.5 years ago, and it's taken me a while to get used to the idea of having a new one. In the past month, I've been ready, and I've been keeping an eye and ear out for possibilities. Last Friday, my husband and I stopped by a pet store, and I hated myself for even going in there, because it was AWFUL. The smell, the staff, the price, the amenities for the animals - it wasn't appealing. One dog was way too big for its cage. So sad. We also stopped at Petsmart and found a kitten we fell in love with, but I still wanted to wait until I had that "this is right" feeling. Cue the Atlanta Humane Society, Mansell campus. I don't know why I didn't think of them first - especially given that I used to volunteer for them a few years ago (as well as foster), and I liked their practices. Duh. ANYWAY, the point of my rambling is that it was the best decision we made Saturday morning. From the minute you walk in to when you're (hopefully) carrying your new precious pet home with you, the staff is friendly and informative. It's set up very nicely, it's clean and open, and the animals seem very well taken care of. They all have sufficient space and toys and attention. I didn't look at the dog section, but I do remember it wasn't crazy noisy in there. You have to sanitize your hands when you enter each room, and there are people around everywhere to answer any of your questions.We fell in love with the first cat we saw (okay, okay, I'll be honest - ALL OF THEM!) - and I went back to her three times, even after oohing and aahing over all the adorable new kittens. Once we made our decision, we filled out the paperwork and waited for about half hour to start the process. They do warn you that weekends are busy and you can expect to wait for up to an hour. We went over everything with one of the adoption specialists, and after making a few purchases in their store section - you get 10% off of already reasonable prices and all proceeds go to AHS - we were on our way with a pet box they provided. They also supply you with a 4lb bag of food for free. They also provide you with a tag and collar, and all animals have a microchip already placed. They also give info on vets, what remaining shots are needed, and all cats are tested for FIV. A vet called me yesterday to set up my first free appointment - they beat me to it!It turns out, my cat been at the shelter the longest - for one year! - so I am SO glad we got her. Also, her $85 adoption fee was paid for because she was sponsored by a local company. She was also displaced after Hurricane Isaac in Louisiana last year. This felt like a better choice than a two-month old kitten. It's only been three days but she's been a fantastic little companion so far. I truly recommend this place if you are looking for a new furry friend.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,9/17/2013,11,128,3,6,3>If you're new to the whole beer growler / craft beer scene, this is as good a place as any to start.1st star - LocationIt's a little hidden away, but if you look in the far left corner of the Kroger shopping center at the corner of Haynes Bridge Road and Old Alabama Road, you'll see a Red Cross donation center.  Now, instead of giving blood there, go one door to the left, and you're at The Beer Growler.Inside, it's a wooden box with a bar and a lot of taps.  Left and right shelves feature select six packs of craft beers and growler accessories.  You're here for beer, so head to the bar first and take a gander at the 40+ options on the digital tap board.2nd star - Friendly staffI know squat about beer, but I feel like I'm learning something new each time I visit either from the friendly staff or other customers dropping in to exchange growlers.The staff encourage you to come in any time and get your three (3) ounces of samples (e.g. 3 little glasses of beer), even if you're not buying a six pack or growler.  I did this the other night (I had just gotten two [2] 32oz growlers the night before), and it getting a few more samples was a nice way to plan for my next growler exchange.  Even better, they let me bring in my dogs while I sampled some beer. Dogs like beer, right?3rd and 4th stars - Interesting craft beers, decent selectionThe taps at The Beer Growler change out daily, so you're always going to have an opportunity to try something new.  My fave right now is a bourbon barrel ale.  I've also been sampling some wheat beers and a pale ale.  I found out recently that they also have a side cooler in the back where you can get bottled versions of some of the beers on tap.  Each is individually priced and can be put together in a six pack to go.Note -- the mixed six packs are not priced like those in Kroger or Publix.  No $10 price to cover whatever you decide to haul out.  Bottles are about $2 each.Lost 5th star - Value, price for accessoriesI'm new to the beer growler thing -- I just like what I like from the samples and bring home two (2) 32oz growlers each visit.  That said, you can end up spending $20 for two of those growlers, and each of them is good for four (4) 8oz pours.  Bottled beer seems like a little better value, but the draft beer taste is supposedly better.  I'm new to this, so I can't comment on that.The accessories in the store for the growlers are also a little pricey, IMHO.  I saw a guy with a koozie for each of his growlers and asked how much he paid.  They were almost $20 each, if I remember correctly.  Just to keep them cold and carry them around.  I'm not there yet.  I'll just put mine under my arm and hope I don't drop them on the sidewalk getting to the car.I like The Beer Growler.  Ladies -- do your husband a favor like mine did and get him a gift box with a 32oz growler to fill and a $20 gift certificate.  It's a nice way to try out the whole growler experience.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,9/16/2013,35,178,2,3,2>Wow.  We were definitely not expecting what we found at Queen of Hearts!  We saw it from across the street when we were browsing Southern Comfort.  I remember seeing it on Yelp, but I couldn't remember what it said.When we walked in we just couldn't believe the SIZE!  This place looks very unassuming from the outside, but once you enter, it is a bit overwhelming.  We didn't want to stay for long.  So we decided to quickly move through the aisles, focusing on the items we had been looking for all day.It is very easy to get lost amongst all the booths.  It has a similar setup to many other antique stores, like Kudzu.  Each booth is different and filled with different things.  What we were looking for we couldn't find at a reasonable price.  We felt that some of items were either too cheap or too overpriced.As my husband said "Some of these are DIY projects with designer prices."  Since there is so much, it is impossible to generalize over all the items.  We definitely want to go back when we have more time to look and find a hidden gem or two.I definitely recommend checking this place out if you are in the area!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,9/15/2013,141,223,5,4,3>I'm updating this review, on account of my experience trying to sell some clothes there. Yes, I am a frequent shopper there, and because of this, I ended up bringing in clothes I actually got from this exact location only a few months ago. They offered 2$ for the 12$ boots I got there, and 2$ for a brand new shirt, with tags, that was about $14.50. Otherwise, they didn't want anything else, which I found a little strange since my wardrobe was basically made from clothes there. Which meant I brought in Express, Forever 21, H&M, and Charlotte Russe dresses, shirts, and even two pairs of American Eagle pants I got from this location. Everything was freshly washed, and I went over them to make sure there weren't any rips or stains. I also asked them if they donated clothes, and if they would donate the ones they didn't want for me. They said they did, but in the end, they stacked all my clothes together, expecting me to donate them. Rather than ask them to again, I just decided to take them home and do it myself anyways. I still like this store, but I'd much rather end up donating my clothes for free, or giving them to friends, than waiting 20 minutes for them to sort through everything and only offer me 4$. Kind of a waste of time, if you ask meee. But since so many other people keep bringing stuff in, I'll still continue to shop here.I also decreased one star because it seems like they are starting to sell things more expensively than they once were. Dresses that used to be 8$ are now 10$, and that's the same with skirts. Shoes have increased in price as well, so expect to pay more like 12-14$ for shoes they once charged 8-10$ for. So I did update that in this review, as well.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,9/14/2013,51,304,3,11,7>Mac you are here now! You provided great hospitality when we visited Decatur! Great food and an introduction to some great whiskey!   But now you are here!  And we are here! And it is St Paddy's!!!!!!!   Welcome to Roswell!  Mac's has created an awesome space here in Roswell with two bars, quaint cozy's, great beers on drought, an extensive whiskey list, and a creative menu!!!  We love what you've done to the place!!!For our St Paddy's visit, I had the ploughman's lunch with the cool tomato chutney- washed down with hard to find Murphy's Stout!!!  My one and only had an extremely fresh salad with bacon, tomatoes and buttermilk dressing with the Kilkenney Cream Ale (also hard to find).For St Paddy's they had great live music and a good deal of energy.  It is likely that i will be parting with a great deal of money at this place!!!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,9/13/2013,21,158,3,5,2>This place has the best dogs ever!!!! LOADED with all these great toppings! They are made to order so they are hot, melted, goodness, deliciousness! They have different sides to choose from other than fries. OH! And did I mention, they have fried Oreo's, Snickers bars, and Reece's!!!! There are a ton of dog options to choose from, all the way down to the type of dog and bun you prefer. Definitely a try! Look out for the 1/2 dog days that way you can get more for less! ;)
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,9/12/2013,46,28,6,8,7>I accidentally deleted my old review for this place, whoops.I should probably state outright that the five stars is for the service -- specifically the bartenders. I love them. There is such a thing as bar karma and regulars who tip well reap the benefits. Obviously they want you to come back, but I feel like I've become friends with these guys and gals. They know my name and my friends' names and are always friendly. If they "mess up" a drink (make a duplicate or make the wrong thing), guess who gets that drink? Anyone who frequents bars should know that if you take care of your bartenders, they'll take care of you.The food is good, but not omg amazing. I typically eat two bowls of chips and salsa by myself during every visit, which is probably not something I should readily admit, but that stuff is delicious and people should know about it. Plus it's FREE. In my perfect world, every restaurant, regardless of the kind of food they serve, would put out chips and salsa at every table. Keep your bread, Italian restaurants, I want chips and salsa and I don't care that it's not an Italian food.Basically, I come here to drink. My friends and I hardly ever get food (the handful of times I've ordered food I've either gotten fish tacos or a quesadilla, both of which are good choices). It's become our go-to spot because we love the atmosphere and chatting it up with the bartenders. There are different drink specials every night and on Fridays and Saturdays they have live music. They only have Dos Equis Amber, Dos Equis Lager, and Blue Moon on tap, but that's good enough for me. I either get an Amber or something bottled. I'm not too picky, but I know other reviewers dislike the beer selection.It's a bit cramped inside, but I always sit at the bar and the rooftop patio looks like a fun place to hang out, too.Oh and just a little note: They leave their front door open all afternoon/evening. If you're going to freak out about the occasional bug crawling/flying around, this place isn't for you. There was a girl screaming bloody murder inside the restaurant a couple weeks ago. I don't like bugs either, but let's not make a scene now...
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,9/11/2013,27,126,2,6,4>I really enjoyed this place. This is actually as good as pizza gets in our neighborhood so I think it deserves 5 stars for sure. Located in a very small nondescript easy to miss shopping center just past downtown Alpharetta on Main Street, Campania is the best pizza I've had next to Antico's. After some debate I may even like this better. For the pizza and for the fact it's not all the way downtown. We started with a mozzarella and proscuitto appetizer. Presented on a plate with a drizzle of balsamic. I felt this could have used some crusty bread to eat it with. Maybe this is a traditional Italian way of eating but I would have preferred a vehicle for it...Next I got the salad with mixed greens and artichokes. I loved this and the salad was huge! It's either a dinner salad or good for two people to split with a pizza. It's mixed greens, tons of artichoke- like I was truly amazed by the number of artichoke pieces. (And they seemed like a better quality than your generic canned grocery store variety), tangy vinaigrette, possibly Parmesan,- delish- I definitely recommend. The pizza: I loved the pizza. They are not that big- if you're going with a family of four you may need two. We got one and it was  enough with the other items we ordered. But if we just got pizza I may have wanted just a little bit more. Super thin crust in the body on the pizza, smoky charred puffy crust. It has a nice flavor but not a burned taste. The sauce tastes simple and fresh. Dotted with Mozzetta and I think ricotta. The ricotta gave the pizza a creaminess I have not had elsewhere. The sausage was not fatty or salty tasting. My favorite was the abundance of full leaves of basil. I did not get to try dessert but the ones that went by my table looked good. I hardly care to order dessert but I took a mental note to save room for next time. There is a bar and outside patio.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2013,9/10/2013,62,133,2,9,3>Being a very critical BBQ reviewer I find that this place is really unique in a number of facets, first, it's very well located in downtown Roswell.  Secondly, it's not really a hole in the wall per-se, sure it's located in an old barn of sorts and the chairs don't match, but this is really a well done establishment in terms of décor and atmosphere.  Call it a yuppie hole in the wall if you will, it's well situated, upscale in nature with live music. On to the food, There's a lot to like about this place.  First the main courses are always done well, the ribs are tender and smoked well, and there is a diverse offering of chicken including chicken wings and half chicken.  They also have BBQ sausage, turkey, and you can actually choose between pulled or chopped meats which is also a plus.  the sides are pretty outstanding, and plentiful.  The slaw is your vinegar type which normally I'm not a fan of but this is well done.  The fries, mac and cheese, and collard greens are all fantastic.  The portions are large but be sure to hold out some room for their banana pudding.  This is really unique and outstanding dish that combines my too favorite loves, banana pudding and chocolate chip cookies!!  This wasn't my first go around with SAH, and I'll be back.... it's hard to decide sometimes on a place in Roswell now that Roswell hosts so many stand out restaurants, but this and Greenwoods across the street  (same owners) are fantastic options and could be near the top of Roswell options.  Speaking of which, if you know the menu at Greenwoods, you can typically order some of the dishes off of it at Swallow, and vice versa - for this i'd put this place on nearly 5 stars because Greenwoods rotisserie is darn near the best rotisserie I've ever had.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,9/9/2013,115,262,4,6,5>What?! I don't have a review for Kurt's?! This is ludicrous!!! Kurt's is one of my favorite restaurants in the Atlanta metro area. I've been visiting since I moved to the area in 2006. Heck, I have souvenirs from the old location hanging in my den, for goodness' sake! I don't know how I let this one slip by me...!So at this point, I've tried pretty much everything on the menu. My favorites are the traditional German dishes. Kurt's took on a more "European Bistro" flair since moving to their new spot on Peachtree Industrial. I have sampled a few items from that section of the menu, and they're all quite good. I'm married to a man of German descent, so when we visit Kurt's we usually want German food. That's the only reason I haven't tried more of the newer meals.We almost always start with a warm Bavarian pretzel, served with an assortment of mustards. After that, one of us will probably order the schweinehaxe (pork shank) if it's in stock that day. Other favorites of mine include:Filet mignon "Edelweiss", served with an assortment of dipping saucesKassler Ripchen (smoked pork chop)Schwabian platter (an assortment of goodies)This weekend I tried the Escalope De Porc Forestiere for the first time: a pork tenderloin, egg battered, served with mushrooms in a Pinot Noir sauce and mashed potatoes. It was delicious.I also love their beer. Especially ordering it in a 1-liter stein. And the biergarden out back is great when the weather is fine. They have some nice happy hour specials during the week that are available at the biergarden and indoor bar only.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,9/8/2013,39,77,6,20,8>So you've decided to turn to Yelp to find a church.And why shouldn't you?  It's helped you in so many other ways -- like finding awesome things to do in Atlanta, giving great tips on restaurants, and letting you know the top 10 reasons why your car is better than MARTA.TLDR; A big christian church with a big heart.  Get into a small group to feel a part of the community - you'll thank me later.  WHEN AND WHEREThere are actually several services on Sunday morning (and at least one on Sunday afternoons).  Although this is the 'main' campus, you might want to check out one of the other campuses in the Atlanta area as well -- there might be one much closer to you than the Northpoint campus.  Check their website for more information.PARKINGThe first thing you'll notice about this church, is that it's big.  Like disneyland big.  That kind of bigness comes with some interesting challenges, like "How do you get that many people in and out of the church parking lot quickly and safely?".  Northpoint does it with an incredible set of parking lot volunteers and police traffic control.  You'll be guided in and out of the parking lot.  You'll be asked to stop to let pedestrian traffic cross.  If you can deal with traffic at a Braves game, this will be a piece of cake.  Just don't forget where you parked.  And in case you're worried - they actually have a free shuttle from the more distant parking areas.GETTING INSIDEFind the part of the building labeled 'Main entrance' (it's close to the middle) and aim for that.  If it's your first time, I highly recommend you check out the 'new visitors' area.  You'll most likely get a free CD to talk with you, and a quick tour.  If you've got kids, you'll be shown where their classes are.  Don't worry - you're under no obligation to take them there (it's more like a show and tell).  Also, don't worry about this introduction preventing you from getting a good seat -- they'll set aside some good seats for you.  If you're finding your own seat, it's no big deal ... you'll be handed a bulletin and you can find your own seat.  THE SPACEIt's a big space, but closer seating goes fast -- so if you want to find a good seat you might need to get there several minutes ahead of the service.  Also, be aware there are 2 main seating areas, referred to as the 'East' and the 'West'.  You'll probably notice a large stage area flanked by two large screens (to help you see the action a bit better).  If you want to sit higher up, you'll notice stairs to the balcony area on one side of the space.  There is a cry room for nursing mothers (just ask an usher if you're interested).  This is a non-denominational church -- look around and you won't find many symbols indicating it's a Christian church on the inside.  It might make some folks uncomfortable that they can't spot a gigantic crucifix or any stained glass windows.  For most, it's a bit of a relief.THE MUSICThe first thing you'll notice about the service is the music.  Most likely, you're not going to see a choir or hear an organ.  Want a sampling of what you will hear?  Check them out on iTunes.  (No, I'm not kidding).If it's during the summer or a major holiday, don't be surprised if you notice some awesome rock songs mixed in.  You might even think you've wandered into some kind of live concert event, with players shown on the big screens.  On father's day (the first day I attended) I was delighted to wander in to 'Sweet Home Alabama' being played.  If you would have told me that Ronnie Van Zant had come back and was playing that day, I would have believed you.  They were that good.If you find that certain rock songs can have spiritual undertones and might be awesome in church, keep reading.  Also:  Please be aware that it's loud.  Not "front row at a Bon Jovi concert" loud, but probably much louder than you've experienced at other churches.  Northpoint has a big space and their sound system fills it very well.  Normally there are about 2-3 worship songs at the beginning of each service.THE MESSAGEGenerally speaking, what follows is about a 45 minute message from either the Northpoint pastor (Joel) or the senior pastor (Andy).  Sometimes there are guest speakers, but it's rare.  Generally speaking, they will be teaching as part of a several week series with a theme.  Expect a lecture style format with a few visual aids.  It'll be based in the Bible.  You'll have a few takeaway points by the end.  OTHER CHURCH LIFEIf you can believe it, the amazing parts of this church don't actually happen on Sundays.  To experience church community, get plugged in with a community group.  Twice a year, the churh hosts a large 'Grouplink' event.  The basic idea is that you get plugged in to a small group of folks living close to you that you can 'do life' with. SUMMARYYes, this is a big church.  No, it's not for everyone.  But this place attracts a lot of people for a reason -- they do a lot of things well.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,9/7/2013,392,475,8,8,5>"Let the dust settle," says I. "Read the early reviews and pick the consensus good tasty nuggets. Forewarned is forearmed." Today, we arrived ready. A quick look around disclosed an order counter, a soda bar, a shelf full all various site-brewed BBQ sauces from Carolina to black pepper based red to Hawaiian style to the deathly hot variety, My wife got the small chopped pork sammich with tater salad and mac 'n cheese. Son went for brisket sammich with BBQ beans and grit cake.. I got the chopped pork/chopped chicken plate with collard greens and tater salad. I give the collards an uninspired C-. I truthfully cook some of the best collard greens on planet Earth, so a C- in my book is not too bad. Basically, it means "tender, but no taste". I liked the tater salad, a 'dry' type. My wife didn't care for it. The mac 'n cheese was sublimely uninteresting, The grit cake could, with a little work, become a big hit. I could see cuddling some big fried oysters with that stuff. The wet brisket sammich was pronounced a solid "B", as were the beans. And now we come to the chopped pork. Once my fork deposited the first, moist, delectable bite to my mouth, my arm and hand became a BBQ delivery automaton until the last teentsy speck was gone. Haven't had pork that good since my last visit to Open Air thirty years ago!Service was gentle and kind. Bathroom was as clean as Aunt Mamie's. And the bill of fare wasn't too heavy either.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,9/6/2013,69,313,3,4,3>In and out, quick and cheap... What more can you ask for... You can sample it all before deciding on your meal...  Brown or white rice... they really have an awesome selection.  My go to is the fried rice, orange chicken, and sun fire chicken. Add some spicy mustard and a packet of soy sauce and you've got it!  Scrumptious. I also love that they sell the large bottles of Izzy.  I am a little weird about meats, so i usually avoid the larger pieces of chicken. but for a "fast food" Chinese place, they meet my expectations 100%.... you cant expect PF Changes for $7.00 and then get disappointed... :) it is what it is, and its pretty tasty!
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2013,9/5/2013,489,857,12,18,13>With a name like Gangnam, I thought this place would be fancier since Gangnam is an affluent district in Seoul. Maybe they're just trying to cash in with the already old, Gangnam Style video.Another thing about Gangnam Sauna is that it's infamous for the murder suicide incident. Of course, it was from the previous owners, and hopefully, they can wash away the dark past. I guess some people won't like going into a place where 5 people were shot and killed. If you been to Jeju Sauna, Gangnam Sauna looks similar. Except everything is smaller. They only have 2 baths: hot and cold. The good thing about them is that they are not too hot or too cold. They also have 1 wet sauna and 1 dry sauna. The shower area is smaller and the bathrooms look smaller. In the co-ed area, they only had 2 types of sauna. They had the cold room, which wasn't really cold. It doubled as their workout room because they had some exercise equipment there.They had the Quantum Energy room. I loved the Quantum Energy room. They have these boxes full of small, hard beads (the quantum particles). They looked like huge, human litter boxes. They were so comfortable to lay in and roll around in. I was purring like crazy.In the non-co-ed section, they had the salt room which felt nice. You can really smell the salt in the air. But the winner is definitely the Quantum Energy Room. I would come here just for that.The price is about $20 for 24 hours. I'm not sure if it's a good deal or not because they are smaller. But with it's sordid history and not being as well known yet, I didn't see too many people there. That was nice since I had the whole shower and sauna areas to myself. Then again, I went on a weekday. Maybe this place gets busier on the weekends. If this place gets crowded, it's gonna suck because of the small space.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,9/3/2013,19,83,1,8,4>To be honest, having been to nearly every nice steakhouse inside the perimeter and Pampas several times before I never thought I would be giving Pampas a 5 star rating...but it just happened. I'm not sure if they have changed chefs, suppliers, or what, but it was absolutely delicious.  My family hesitated to go as it's a bit upscale for our group, which included 4 kids (one baby) but they were very accommodating.  We were in a small room along with one other table and had our own group of servers.  The service was excellent.  We started with several apps, with the beef carpaccio with fried capers standing out.  We all ordered steaks of course and they were all wonderful.  I had the "cowgirl" ribeye, which was bone-in and not nearly as fatty as some ribeye's you find on similar menus.  The texture was perfect...a nice red medium-rare interior with a slightly charred exterior.  The onion rings, while thick cut, were not over-battered so they came off much lighter than other varieties.  An added bonus was that they offer half priced bottles of wines on Wednesdays so we drank three great bottles from their extensive list.  They have a nice selection of malbecs being that they are an Argentinian steakhouse.The "cowgirl" ribeye, while pricey, was one of the best steaks I've had in quite some time, ITP, OTP, or anywhere.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2013,9/2/2013,37,178,4,5,3>Man, do East Cobbers love their liquor!Just cracks me up how many joints utterly depend on cocktails to provide that high-margin float. But Seed is one of the few that puts it to good use. Great even.This place EXECUTES. From the slightly formal service -- given the locale, waiters in jeans, and NOISE -- to the bang-bang arrival of the courses, each perfectly turned out, the focus is on hitting guests right between the eyes with imaginative fare with nothing left to chance.Apps are clean and tight -- just a few bites of hushpuppy or deviled eggs are all you need to start you off given the high quality. Next, tremendous salads -- the beet-and-grapefruit is a rocket-ride for fans of sharp, tart flavors. Entrees -- not a huge list, but enough. Scallops mercifully NOT overcooked -- a lost art -- and the arctic char special an explosion of rich, hearty flavors. (Bonus points for broiling it skin up to allow the fat and flavor to seep into the meat.) Wine list struck me as skewed to the high-end, but not offensively so, there are decent bottles to be had even if by-the-glass pours seemed a little light.Portions are perfect for multiple courses -- shared app, salad, entree should fill any couple and leave room for dessert. And the desserts are spot on -- particularly the goat cheese cheesecake. Pair with espresso, float home.Do have to dock a star for the noise and -- as others have mentioned -- the oddly down-market chairs. Too, too much bare wall and glass that needs to be treated with noise abatement panels. The wait staff is trying to deliver linen tabletop service in a joint that sounds like a late-night at Applebee's. And it is 90% due to materials. Still, the noise won't keep me away. I suggest you do the same.PS -- Reservations are functionally a requirement for dinner.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,9/1/2013,204,194,2,8,2>I really like these historic areas, they have so much character.  The Dominick's in Historic Norcross has plenty of that nostalgic charm.  I particularly liked the vintage street lights in the middle of the restaurant.We arrived on a Sunday night for dinner.  It was fairly busy and our waitress, likewise, was busy.  Nevertheless, she soldiered on quite well, despite the many tables that she had to tend to.We started our dinner with an appetizer - a half-order of the arancini di riso (breaded and fried balls of risotto and mozzarella cheese served upon a spicy garlic pepper sauce).  Very tasty - but perhaps a bit spicy for what one might expect from Italian food.  The spicy garlic pepper sauce reminded me, in a lot of ways, of romesco - a sauce used in Spanish cuisine.For entrees, we placed half-orders of the "Dominick's Veal" (for myself) and the "Chicken Saltimbocca" (for my wife).  For our pasta side, we both opted for penne alfredo.  Wow, those half-orders are HUGE.  Neither of us had a snowball's chance at finishing our plates.  The Dominick's Veal was served over a creamy tomato sauce and was covered with slivered almonds, mozzarella, spinach, and sun-dried tomato.  This was a very heavy dish - one that will provide enough leftovers to satisfy another meal.  The Chicken Saltimbocca, wrapped in prosciutto, sautéed in marsala wine, and covered with mozzarella, mushrooms, and spinach was equally large and only slightly less hearty (due to the lighter sauce).The penne alfredo was exactly what you would expect - and again, portion sizes are very generous.  Bottom line: Come hungry - there's enough food here to feed an army.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,8/31/2013,117,75,6,8,6>Allen Edmonds is located in the quiet, upscale Park Place Shopping Center, the same center that houses Alon's, McKendrick's, Cafe Intermezzo, H. Stockton and others. Given its location, it's not just another store that you stumble upon at the mall. I think most people enter AE with a purpose and are already familiar with the brand. In short, that brand means: for men, shoes, belts, leather, perfect fit, high quality, classic designs, made in USA. All at a price, of course (the very popular Park Avenue model retails for $345).I walked in and was immediately greeted by Lupe. I explained to him early on that all I wanted was to check/confirm my fit and see if a particular last (allenedmonds.com/aeonlin) might be better or best for my feet. He performed the measurement and let me try on a Strand model to test. So comfortable. Although that day I was just there to get measured and not actually purchase, Lupe was helpful throughout the process and I never felt any sort of commission-less hatred toward me nor pressure to buy at all. These guys are good. "Let me give you my card" also even included the fall catalog and a small, sturdy, plastic AE shoe horn (wonder if these are made in the US as well). Ugh, these guys are damn good.AE products are sold in other stores, but this is the only AE store in the state of Georgia. To give you an idea of how hard they can be to come across, in surrounding states, there is one (plus an outlet store) in Florida, one (plus an outlet store) in Alabama and none in Tennessee nor South Carolina. Being so fortunate to have one here, even if you're not in the market for shoes or belts, you should stop in to just have a look. This is the stuff you just might smash your piggy bank for. Maybe 20 piggy banks.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,8/30/2013,68,272,3,6,3>We've been to other Ruth's Chris and this one did not fail. I had a petite filet (8oz) and the husband had the ribeye (16oz). Both were cooked exactly as expected- medium rare. The butter on the steak probably topped it off. The husband did not speak for a few minutes initially as he was devouring his steak (if only he ate like that with my cooking at home!). The lobster bisque was rich and creamy, but tasty. The shoestring potatoes were fried well. The portion was pretty large. The two of us could not finish it. Last, but not least, the whiskey bread pudding was as good as I remembered it to be at other Ruth's Chris. It was served warm at a perfect temperature. The only complaint I have was that there is no other option for parking except for valet even though their parking lot was half-empty on a weekday night.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,8/29/2013,705,1112,2,5,3>I first wandered in to Peachtree Bikes when I was looking for a new bike.  I didn't think this little shop would have much of a selection, but they do!  There is whole downstairs area filled with different types of bikes.  Unfortunately, they were all out of my price range, but the salesperson told me to just buy a cheap bike and bring it in to them for adjustments.  I really appreciated the honesty and when I brought my cheap bike in for adjusting the guys couldn't have been nicer.  They checked everything out to make sure it was in good working order, adjusted my seat, and attached a cute little wicker basket for me.  The adjustment cost $40 and it was well worth it to know that my cheap little bike will get me where I need to go.Since I'm new to bike ownership, I take my bike to Peachtree Bikes whenever there is a problem.  Recently, I had a flat tire and the guys fixed my tire and explained to me how often I should check them, why they go flat when not in use, what type of air pump to buy, and how to use the air pump.  It seems like the folks at Peachtree Bikes want to educate people and make them better bike riders.This shop rocks!
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,8/28/2013,131,163,17,11,10>If you are unwilling to hoot, holler and make a buffoon out of yourself in an arena elbow-to-elbow with hundreds of strangers, Medieval Times is probably not for you.If you consider yourself a "foodie" and refuse to eat at restaurants without impeccably sourced farm-to-table menus, Medieval Times is probably not for you.If the idea of watching men with giant pooper-scoopers shovel manure while you eat makes you queasy, Medieval Times is probably not for you.If you're unwilling to clap your hands, clang your cutlery and cheer on your gallant knight while simultaneously holding half a roasted chicken in your teeth, Medieval Times is probably not for you.If, however, you love theme parties and/or costumes, embrace the spirit of all things nerdy and Renaissance-festivalesque, and don't mind eating large portions of mediocre food in the dark while actors pretend to joust for your amusement... you've probably already been to Medieval Times.  Because it is fantastic.Let go of your inhibitions.  Buy one of those $15 mixed drinks that come in a novelty glass.  Cheer on your assigned knight with wild abandon.  Don't take yourself or anything else within the "castle" too seriously.  Do these things, and you're sure to have a fun evening at Medieval Times.Don't forget to tip your wench!
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,8/27/2013,148,167,5,8,6>When I walked into Sweetreats, I first noticed their menu board which was huge and almost intimidating, but after looking it over for a minute, I settled on something simple and the ultimate test of any Ice Cream shop...A Chocolate Milkshake.  While I waited on my shake I watched the girls behind the counter work this huge drill like machine to blend the ice creams and frozen yogurts...  That was absolutely fascinating as I've never seen a machine like that before.  It didn't take long to get my shake and after a tip for the hard-workers, I was out the door and floating on Milkshake cloud nine.  It was everything I could want in a shake...a deep chocolate flavor, smooth, not too thin or thick, and giant sized...  Maybe a 32oz was a bit much before dinner but it was well worth it.  Will I be back, yes indeed!!!
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,8/26/2013,180,306,4,8,6>Opulent is the latest installment from the masterminds behind Salt Factory and Little Alley Steakhouse. Sitting in a central Canton Street location previously occupied by Inc (their former creation), F&H Food Group has created a modern tribute to speakeasies of old with black and white tiled walls, vintage mirrors, and warehouse filament lighting fixtures. This isn't an upgrade, it's a wholesale replacement with gourmet takes on modern American classics.While the space has undergone some aesthetic changes, the real difference is in the menu. Significant upgrades in both taste and complementary cocktail pairings reflect the adjective it claims for a name: Opulent. As such, the price points have undergone much the same renovation as the palate.If history tells us anything, it's that the boys at F&H know their stuff. They are the team that ushered in the Canton Street revival and have a knack for knowing what their patrons like and are looking for. For this, Opulent doesn't disappoint.From black linen service, dimmer lighting, and a comprehensive bar, Opulent reaches out to a larger potential audience than Inc ever could. It has made the leap from bar to restaurant, and that is a trend they are wise to embrace.The food here is very well executed and introduces some unique preparations and pairings missing in the Atlanta restaurant scene. From The Amazing Burger to Duck Tacos, Carolina Flounder to Organic Chicken, the food embraces the Farm2Table revolution happening both ITP and OTP. Dairy and produce are local, and what a difference it makes in both taste and texture.Service here is genuine and friendly. Bartenders skilled and knowledgeable.I can understand some of the initial negative reaction in other reviews because, unlike most establishments, there was nothing wrong with Inc, the former occupant. Quite the contrary, it had a beloved if not cult status on the Canton Strip. All history aside, Opulent is quickly settling in to its home on Canton Street. The food is delicious, the clientele lively, and the environment truly Opulent, black linen and all.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,8/25/2013,157,198,3,6,4>Living off Barrett Parkway has taught me a couple of things about myself. I really enjoy chain restaurants. That being said, Bahama Breeze is a chain restaurant with really good food and a really good drink menu. It seems standard that these restaurants off the main strip are all decent food. Places like Jason's Deli, Provinos, Bahama Breeze and Olive Garden are all known for their specific, yet generic food. This Bahama Breeze is probably one of the best I've ever been to. Go to another Bahama Breeze, expect the same menu, but don't expect the same service. The service here is wonderful. The staff is really upbeat and tries their best to serve your every need. Good service is hard to find in a college town. Beside the good service, if you live in the area, check your mail. Bahama Breeze will occasionally send out coupons just to be nice. I got $10 dollars off my meal today just by checking my mail and discovering a $10 gift card! Thanks Bahama Breeze!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,8/24/2013,328,633,6,8,7>Okay, I know it is a chain and it is part of a group of restaurants where I dislike at least one of their partners (hello Joey D's, I mean you), but seriously I was pleasantly surprised at our experience here.So this was for a late dinner (9pm) on a Saturday night and we were dressed for a 5k.  We had 6 people in a corner booth, who seemed to show up staggered.  However, our waitress, Remi, handled it in stride.  She was perky without being annoying, and was quick with the drinks, the refills, and the croissants with honey butter (OMG, delish).  Not to mention our bizarre sense of humor did not seem to phase her in the least.They have a big menu with lots of options and I knew I needed a lot of food to keep me going until 4 in the morning.  So I opted for the Baked Potato Soup and the Chicken Tenders (no fries for me).  The soup was yummy with chunks of potatoes and not salty (as with other chains).  The chicken tenders were not crunchy, but they had a delicious crust and some fabulous dipping sauce that is a house specialty.  The cocktails were also wonderful.  I went for a Prickled Pear which was $6, but found out later their house cocktails were $1.95 - I mean really!  I wish I had known earlier, but at least I know for the next time around.  Good food, great drinks, great service - I'll be back.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,8/23/2013,87,44,3,5,5>I've been shopping around for a bike recently, and I've been in Performance a few times. The fact that I keep finding myself going back there, instead of other bike shops is one indicator of how they compare to the others in the area.Each time I've been, the staff has never been pushy or rude. They are always so nice and helpful, letting test out a bike but leaving it at that if I wasn't interested. They seem to understand that finding a new bike is a process, and not everyone is going to make a snap decision on these things. I finally figured out the bike I wanted, and saw that it was on sale online. I rushed to the store in hopes of ordering it there to save on the $30 shipping fee I'd otherwise have to pay if I ordered it on my own.In my excitement, I forgot to actually check the store hours, and arrived 45 minutes before they actually opened. But, one of the employees was super nice and let me in anyway. I ordered my bike and he went through every detail with me, making sure I understood my options, and that was it! My only complaint would be that their selection isn't as extensive as I would have hoped, but they still have a good number of bikes compared to other shops. I need a smaller bike, which seems like a hard find anyway. Plus, I was still able to get an idea of what I was looking for.And, because we have the store membership, we get 10% store credit with each purchase! Plus, they offer free tune-ups for any bike purchased with them.I would highly recommend Performance Bike!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,8/22/2013,26,34,2,4,2>This is hands-down my husband and my favorite place to eat. We love the wait staff and management. Not only has everything we have ordered been wonderful, but we typically end up with leftovers, since the portions are so large. Oh, and I love the sweet bread they give you before the meal. I have no idea what is in it, but it is soooo tasty. Every time we have eaten there, the management personally comes over and checks on the patrons and their experience, so we have gotten to know the staff and management pretty well, and they are great, friendly, and hard-working. Be aware that this place is absolutely packed on the weekend and many nights, so you may have a wait. Ask for Crystal or, Miss for an awesome server experience. The crab dip is fantastic, and a huge block of cake is a must! Gus and Liz,  in management are great people, and we always feel welcome at MFM, like family!
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,8/21/2013,467,559,16,21,11>I don't see how anyone could not like Studio Movie Grill.Let's do the math:AMC tickets run $10-$12 per adult.SMG routinely offers Groupons for $5AMC fountain drinks run $6-$8SMG has $2.37 draft beer on Thursdays, $4 margaritas on Mondays. Which I don't have to tell you I enjoy a helluva lot more than a damn Coke Zero.AMC sells popcorn for $8 SMG has sandwiches, great salads. burgers (veggie too), decent pizzas all around the same price as friggin' popcorn, but they have that too if you want.AMC date, two tickets, 2 drinks, popcorn, candy (stubs member pricing) $54SMG date, two tickets, popcorn, 2 full salads, 1 appetizer, 4 beers $54ORSMG really good Monday date, two tickets, 11 margaritas $54No brainer....More PROS-Friendly staff-Not having to wait in line at a concessions counter, (which is like waiting in line to be mugged, "I'm next!")-Not having to get up in the middle of the movie to wait in line again. -Pick your own seats-Did i mention $2.37 draft beers?
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,8/20/2013,25,144,2,19,9>Wow. Best Indian cuisine I've had on this side of town. Rivals Vatica for authenticity, but surpasses them for selection and spiciness.The only dish I didn't try was the fish masala. The garlic naan: fantastic to top with your favorite dish. The manchurian chicken and cauliflower dishes won for flavor; soooo good. My chicken seekh kebabs and the eggplant masala were also very tasty, although a little off-putting to look at. Best veggie samosas I've ever tasted and you must try the CVCT. We're definitely going back!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,8/19/2013,35,193,2,5,3>Excellent service, nice decor, white tablecloth restaurant.  The waitress gave us a complimentary appetizer, which I thought was really nice.  I had the salmon kebab, and husband had the steak kebab.  Both were very good.  Hummus was delicious.  The only thing I would have liked was more spice to the food.  Servings were very plentiful.  It's close to my house, and it was good.  A winner for sure!  Check it out!
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2013,8/18/2013,70,59,2,4,3>I have been a customer of Canton Cooks since it opened, and again last evening it proved once again that it is the "gold standard" of Cantonese cuisine in the Atlanta 'burbs. My only problem with my visits is I have a couple of favorites, but I keep on trying other items on the menu, only to decide that my favorites are, well, my favorites. Let me start with the Salt & Pepper Squid. This is to my way of thinking the epitome of fried squid dishes. I try the fried squid every where I go, Italian or Chinese or any other cuisine, and it always fall short of Canton Cook's Salt & Pepper Squid.  Always crispy, and lightly golden brown, and never greasy, cooked to perfection. And the "breading" (I really don't know what it's composed of) always coats every tasty little morsel uniformly. From the first bite to the last.  My only critique - more jalapeño slices please. The combination of the slightly salty fried squid and the capsicum of the pepper produces an amazing taste when consumed together.Warsu Duck. Simply put this crispy duck dish is the bomb!  The duck breast meat with tasty crispy skin on, is sliced and placed on top of the sautéed vegetables, so it stays delightfully crispy from first delicious bite to the last.Trust me, everything on the menu is excellent and you won't be disappointed, but if you go with the two dishes I mention above you will be as pleased as I am.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,8/17/2013,43,12,23,9,7>Sooo, I was hungry after harmonizing with some friends in Marietta a couple Saturdays ago, when my craving for Caribbean jumped onto my taste buds. What's a girl to do, you ask? Consult Yelp, of course! Yelpers..I just LOVE y'all!Thank God for OnStar, because I'm pretty sure I would've missed this gem. I pulled up the driveway, parked, and sniffed the air...LAWDAMERCY! I was greeted with smiles and hellos, and decided on the buffet. Jerk chicken was just spicy enough to make me sniff a little, the curry chicken & the potatoes were great, cabbage and callaloo were very good. Everything I had was scrumptious. I didn't have dessert, but they looked tasty. (The bathroom was very clean, which makes this diva VERY happy!)I was a happy girl (especially with that $8 price tag!)...UNTIL.....I got in my car.....and the ITIS set in...How was I gonna drive home when all I wanted to do was curl up in my car and take a nap?!You KNOW I'll be back...but can someone drive me home next time, please?
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,8/16/2013,454,253,3,12,7>Oh Farm Burger, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways...First, I've visited the Farm Burger in Decatur and while this location may be the same concept, there's a huge difference between this and that. For some reason, the Decatur location has developed an odd smell of rancid meat that hits you in a subtle way when you come inside - for that reason I will only eat take out from that location. None of that here in Dunwoody - this Farm Burger still has the clean-and-happy-feel of a newborn babe - especially if that newborn babe is a wonderful, tasty grass-fed beef burger!Second, if you haven't experienced a Farm Burger you're in for a treat. I remember the first time I had grass-fed beef (in that instance I bought a pound at Your DeKalb Farmer's Market) and thought to myself "Wow! This taste just like the burgers we used to grill in the backyard when I was a kid!" Which is so true - this is real meat the way it's supposed to taste - all that corn-fed crap you get at other burger places or at the supermarket labeled "ground beef" has little relationship to the real thing. Sure the first bite might be good, but soon you get into the mechanical eating of something with too much fat and too little flavor. Not so with Farm Burger's organic grass-fed beef. Every bite is better than the last and when you're done you get that high degree of satisfaction that's so rarely garnered from most meals.Third, Farm Burger sources all its ingredients locally - that's right, not only are the veggies on your burger grown nearby, they are also only available seasonally. That means that sometimes you might get something interesting on your burger or in your salad that is unexpected. I especially like the julienne beets when they're in that delicious salad - try the goddess dressing.Fourth, the unusual toppings available for the burger are really exceptional - I love, love, love the smoked paprika mayo - add fresh jalapeños, house pickles and some roasted garlic and there's little need for anything else. And don't forget the organic kickapoo blue cheese - heavenly! It's making my mouth water just thinking about it. Fifth, the combo includes fries and a drink for $8.50 at lunch. Forget about 5 guys - this is the place to eat well and leave satisfied, and you won't be wiping grease on your pants as you exit. It doesn't even compare. Or go to 5 guys if all you care about is a bag of greasy fries - ugh.Sixth, sweet potato fries - did I mention that they have sweet potato fries? Yes they have sweet potato fries. And if those don't work for you, try the FB fries - spicy garlic, herbs and parmesan deliciousness to take care of any craving - either work well with the burger, depending on your mood - clean and sweet or spicy and savory?Seventh, not only do they serve a fantastic burger, sweet potato fries and a great salad (try it with the quinoa patty for a vegetarian option), the Chamblee Dunwoody location also has a Morelli's Ice Cream right inside! So if you want a treat while eating, I recommend the root beer float with Morelli's vanilla! So delicious, and if that doesn't ring your bell, try the salty caramel ice cream as a perfect ending to the meal - rarely have I tasted anything so good (although a Maple Bacon donut may be close for different reasons).Eighth, BEER! That's right, the beer selection ain't bad with many local brews to try - take a look at the Red Hare brown or the Youngs double chocolate stout.Ninth, great service with personality! You don't get that intown attitude at this location that's so off-putting - just friendly people trying to do their jobs and take care of customers. You order at the counter and they treat every customer with knowledge and efficiency. Ask questions, make comments, and tip the staff - these are relationships worth having!Tenth, have them cater your business! We often cater our Friday lunches where I work and Farm Burger supplied us with one of the best lunches we've had so far. I'd recommend these guys to anyone - man I'm starting to sound like a shill. Can you tell I like this place yet?This location is next to the corner Starbucks with plenty of parking. It does get busy at lunch so get there early if you can (we try to hit it at 11:30) after 12 the line goes to the door. It's a bit noisy when full, but otherwise not too bad - it's also very clean - your elbows aren't sticking to the table. You can view the menu on the various blackboards on the right as you walk in or there are some handy paper menus along the knee wall on your left. You can either sit at the tables in the back, the large picnic tables towards the front or at the bar along the front window.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,8/15/2013,75,190,3,4,5>What's not to love about REI.  I love the whole concept of the store and the feel of it... everything! They have everything you would need for your outdoor recreational activities.  I love that, if you're a member, you get a pretty nice little discount at the end of the year.Personally, I go there for the biking supplies.  I come here, because the local bike stores typically don't have that big of a selection. I have found that they have everything I need, but they have the more "recreational" options rather than the "wanna-be-professional" options.   If I'm looking for a $250 bike helmet, I go to my local bike store.  If I'm looking for a $50 helmet, I come to REI.They have a lot of nice bike jerseys, too, and some times their sales are great.  I've been able to buy some really nice bike jerseys here for $20.Their REI-brand wicking tops are some of my favorite multi-use work-out tops. I wear them for biking, hiking, etc.  Awesome value for the price.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,8/14/2013,18,135,3,7,4>Open until 3:00am in the morning... because of Ramzan/Id.. this place offers the best biriyani's... After a late and long workout at the gym, my wife and I and were too tired to cook.. so I had remembered that my friend had suggested this place and told that it was open really late and the food was good.. So we googled it up and at 10:30 at night we drove down there.. The food was great and we got our to-go order really quick.. May be max about 10 to 15 minutes.. The mutton and chicken biriyani's were just delicious.. We tried the Chicken Tikka breast which was ok.. Prices were comparable to other places also..it is located in a complex which is part of  a gas station so there is about only 10 to 20 parking spaces.. Will be trying out lot more of their items in days to come.. :-)
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,8/13/2013,127,69,4,10,7>While the taste is not authentic to Korean standards, it's not to be avoided. Try the Korean tacos with kimchi, they're delicious. Just avoid the bibimbap if you expect a familiar traditional taste, though it isn't terrible.Big Joy is set up as a fast food line. You start at one end and pick your toppings and by the time you're done, you're at the end near the register. There is something flawed about the way Big Joy tackles this Subway-esque client conveyor belt and it bottlenecks the whole thing. It's when you order a specialty item, such as the bibimbap, which calls for the cook to begin preparing. At this point, you'll probably sit down or stand awkwardly waiting so that you'll get back in line to pick out your toppings. This makes the experience a little strange, but it doesn't ruin it.The dishes here are priced very well and often packs a good punch in taste for the value. The fries here are baked, though a bit bland, though very healthy. I have much appreciation for this restaurants attempt, but feel that there could be some changes in how it operates.EDIT: they have improved their service from the last few times I visited and the consistency is there! It's the best bet for Korean food around the area, though it may have a tough time competing if they were in  Gwinnett area. I'm happy to see them grow. Keep it up, Big Joy.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,8/12/2013,45,108,4,7,6>We decided to treat ourselves to a dinner out after six weeks of an insane work schedule...as in every day from 7 a.m. until at least 7 p.m. and twice till midnight or later.  You get the pic.So it came down to a choice between beer and barbecue, or Bite. (I won't insult your intelligence by telling you we opted for Bite.)The place was packed...good sign on a Friday night.  Crowd was a nice mix of professionals getting off work, families with kids but no babies, dates.We split three appetizers:1. Hummus and pimento cheese;2. Red chili pork tacos;3. Chorizo flatbread.I had a couple--yes, only two--glasses of Brazin Zin.  Had it before and it was as good as I'd recalled.Hummus and pimento cheese:  would definitely have this again.  Hummus was unusual in a great way.  The pimento cheese was creamy and smooth texture, which made it easy to dip.  Dipping ease is one of the important guy metrics when rating food.Red chili pork tacos:  very filling.  Lots of meat.  Again, "lots of meat" is an important guy thing.  The meat sat atop two corn street tortillas that didn't disintegrate while holding.  You know, some tacos just turn to pudding when topped with juicy ingredients.  The goat cheese sprinkles on top were a nice addition. (I wonder if Taco Bell would consider goat cheese for its tacos. Hmmm.)Chorizo flatbread:  I'm from Texas, so when I see the "C" word, I pretty much always order whatever bears the "C".  This was a nice appetizer.  The chorizo was sliced not ground, which made it look like pieces of pepperoni pizza...once again, very important for dudes.  Any mnemonic reference to game-time eats, however subtle, gets a guy's attention.Net-net, I'll look for another opportunity to return.  Good place for dinner with broad appeal.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,8/11/2013,168,202,9,11,9>I'm so glad I work close to this place.  I became a Guthrie's lover while living in Athens and recently discovered this location not far from my office.It's nothing super special.  Chicken fingers, fries, and that weird orange-ish sauce.  But it's so damn good.  The chicken is usually crispy and greasy - just how I like it.  Fries could usually use some extra seasoning, but after a healthy dunk into that sauce, who really cares?!?  And I'm a proponent of getting extra fries instead of the coleslaw...because, ya know, who needs all that greenery?Oh, and don't forget the toast.  Mmmm, toast.And if you say that Zaxby's is better, we can't be friends.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,8/10/2013,45,354,5,5,5>I'm a fan of soondubu, so I was a little surprised to hear there was a tofu soup restaurant in Johns Creek. My family and I checked this place out for lunch on a Saturday. We definitely enjoyed it.I had a difficult time deciding on soups, but decided to go with the veggie tofu soup. The soup was great, but the only additional vegetable in the soup was 2 small stalks of american broccoli. I didn't really have an issue with it because I simply didn't want any meat or seafood in my soup, but I probably could've picked kimchi tofu soup for more "veggies." Otherwise, all the banchan was great. The fish was fried perfectly and everything tasted fresh and well-marinated especially the japchae. Service was great. The waitresses speak English and were attentive to ask how spicy we wanted our soups. Obviously, if we needed anything, we just pushed the red button on the table. I like how private some of the booths feel. You don't feel bothered by people sitting around you and nobody else will see you sweating and drooling over a pot of tofu soup. I'm so glad there's a tofu soup location near me that is just as good as the other ones in Duluth or on Buford Hwy. I'd definitely come back!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,8/9/2013,15,113,4,8,5>So I thought I had reviewed this place a few weeks ago...sadly I hadn't. First thing you see when you walk in is the A Rating..and baby let me tell that's a pretty thing to see!The place is very clean, spacious with plenty of seating and TV's for viewing over your wings. Menu is pretty standard, wings, burgers, fish with the addition of fried rice. I go for the wings and haven't ventured much past that outside of the catfish which was good to. I always get the lemon pepper wings!! They are a good size, not to big, not to small with enough lemon to make my lips pucker! Wings are cooked to order which I love, hate cold wings. The only thing that wasn't a go for me or rather the GF was the fried rice, she got that one day with a combo meal instead of fries. She said it was bland *shrugs*...like I said I go for the wings. Get you some and you won't be disappointed. Prices are about average, I tend to do the lunch special of 8 wings and fries with a drink. Around $8, pricey for lunch but a damn good lunch it is and I always waddle out full of greasy goodness..lol*to the owner, told you I would..lol*
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,8/8/2013,178,660,2,7,4>I had been craving Peruvian style ceviche, and the man had been whining for some Peruvian broaster chicken. Costa Verde satisfied us both, and then some!  We've traveled quite a bit in Peru, and Costa Verde is very authentic. Meals are started with a giant-corn kernal appetizer (complimentary) popular in Peru. It's so addictive!The menu is extensive, with a big section of beef dishes, some soups, chicken and a whole page of seafood!  I opted for the ceviche mixto. It had a great combo of pieces of fish, a ton of shrimp, mussels, octopus and squid. I was asked how spicy I wanted it, and I said spicy was okay. I got spicy, seriously, spicy, but in a good way. It wasn't unmanageable, but it had a kick to wake the dead. Delicious!  Also on the plate were a piece of potato and a piece of squash, as well as those awesome giant corn kernels, this time in their natural state. Of course they have the requisite chicha morada and Inca Cola. Decor is basic, but comfortable. Prices are quite reasonable. Staff is friendly, efficient, and accommodating. We will most definitely be back!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,8/7/2013,11,215,3,7,3>Wow!  What a find!  Wifey and I both love this Tapas restaurant.  We have been there now three times...and loved it each time...here is what we have had...and the verdict on each...Grilled Asparagus - YUMMY!  I have come to like asparagus, but this may be the best incarnation I have had anywhereSpinach and Arugula Salad - spinach, arugula, dried cranberries, cotija cheese, marcona almonds & citrus vinaigrette - a fantastic salad...very tasty...Shrimp Taco - With roasted corn & black bean salsa with chipotle aioli - a very good shrimp taco...had better, but this one is right up thereCrispy Fish Taco - With spicy slaw & salsa roja - another winnerSteak Taco - online menu does not show the ingredients - very good...nice balance to the seafood tacosPulled Pork Taco - with Tomatillo Salsa, lettuce, pepper jack cheese - a nice taco...not a favorite, as I am very particular about my pulled pork...but decent!Trailer Park Taco - fried chicken strips, queso, lettuce and pico de gallo - as Guy Fieri would say "winner, winner, chicken dinner!"Carne Asada - Grilled skirt steak with tobasco onions & balsamic glaze - might be simply the best Carne Asada I have had!Deviled Eggs - piquillo peppers, green olives and Manchego cheese - a VERY VERY yummy version of deviled eggs...wow...good...Fried Green Tomatoes - with cholula remoulade and goat cheese - wow...yet another very good incarnation!Chocolate Tres Leches - now...this was a let down...I guess that Noche is great for savory food...not so hot for dessert!Now...service...generally pretty good...although it could be a bit better.  Sometimes you have to wait a bit to get "re-served...and, in a Tapas joint, that can be a problem.  But...it is not enough to cost them a star, as they do, generally, ok.Wifey and I have put this place on the "regular" joints place...and it is fast becoming a total "go-to" place when we need dinner!Oh...and Monday nights...$3 tacos for all but the lobster taco!
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,8/6/2013,32,64,3,10,9>My favorite Korean restaurant EVERRR. I'm usually picky with Korean places because I always get good homemade mama's (or umma's) cookin' every day.  It's located in the same plaza as Oh! My Samgyupsal. Two words: LUNCH COMBOS. You can pick 1 from Column A and 1 from Column B.  Column A consists of mostly soup items such as yukgaejang, soondooboo (tofu soup), ttarogookbab, and sullungtang.  Column B consists of meats and fish - 3 kinds of bulgogi (beef, pork, and chicken). Comes with something like 5-7 banchans (side dishes) - the kind that my mom would make at home. YUM.  And the price? Less than $8.The bad: menu is all in Korean.The good: YUMMINESS (because I like it bland, not MSG-laden masked food).  Oh, and the service! IDK if the servers speak a lot of English, but they're really sweet and friendly.  Good portions - so much so that I took the food home and made two more meals out of it. My mom was in the restaurant business so she knows food.  She said that she could tell sullungtang soup was made out of real bone instead of adding some kind of milk product.  That's always a good sign.And as a previous reviewer mentioned, the ssambab is amazing too.  I've never gotten bad service here, but you know.. sometimes, everyone makes mistakes.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,8/5/2013,162,319,4,10,5>If I were Goldilocks, I would say Perimeter Mall is juuuust right. In fact, it is probably my pick for the best mall in metro Atlanta. Not as pretentious as Lenox, not as sprawling as Mall of Georgia, not as ghetto as Gwinnett Place, not as tiny as Northpoint. It's got every store a girl could want... well, except H&M. Oh well. It's got all the stores that *I* could ever want, at least. The Limited, Dillard's, Nordstrom, Forever 21, as well as some stores that are less common, like Zara, Urban Outfitters and Madewell. The only thing I really dislike is how pushy the kiosk people can be. Especially the folks at Jose Eber... I mean, damn! Sometimes I find myself mapping escape routes out of stores so I don't have to pass them. Or, I will do the "I'm extremely busy texting and am not making eye contact with you" method to get by.Tip #1: It seems not many people utilize the parking deck. Maybe they don't know it's there? It IS kind of tucked away in the back. Instead, people are fighting for prime spots in the front area of the mall (where Maggiano's, Goldfish and Cheesecake Factory are). Use the deck! Plenty of parking in there and guaranteed shade. Your bum will be thanking you when you avoid those hot leather seats.Tip #2: Not many malls have transit leading directly to it. Yes, MARTA's Dunwoody station is right next to the mall for easy access on those days you want to be environmentally friendly.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,8/4/2013,103,298,2,8,3>I recently learned about this restaurant opening and decided to visit. It was worth it.I was excited to hear that duck confit was on the menu. Recently, that has become one of my favorite dishes. If you like duck confit, I doubt you will be disappointed. I started with the deviled eggs as an appetizer. The deviled eggs are prepared with wasabi, roasted shallot cream, chive and smoked paprika. I do not like wasabi however, there was just enough to not be over powering. It was a good blend of flavors. The taste of traditional deviled eggs with a twist.The duck confit was served with creamy farro and roasted brussel sprouts. It was great! One of the best duck confit dishes I have tasted so far. The duck confit is served with creamy farro and roasted brussels sprouts and a side of cranberry duck jus. This was my first time eating farro; it was a great compliment to the duck and brussels sprouts. The jus was good however, I did not use it much.The Belle Glos Pinot Noir was an excellent choice in wine.The deserts are made here. I opted for the white chocolate bread pudding it is prepared with strawberries and vanilla bean anglaise. It is topped with whipped cream and a mint leaf. That is one of the best bread puddings I have ever tasted.The night I visited, it was a great night to sit out on the patio. There was good jazz music playing in background. In addition, there is a gas fire pit outside, that makes for a great dining experience.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,8/3/2013,315,451,9,12,11>What an amazing gastronomic treat in downtown Lawrenceville! I had come across reviews of this place (I especially recalled Jose O.'s praise) and been meaning to go. But when do I ever go to Lawrenceville? My thing is that I live in Gwinnett county and always want to go south, towards the city. And when I make long trips to any place, I always try to knock out a few bookmarked places, to kill several birds with one stone (and invariably fill my belly to the brim--at times, over the brim).Jose's UYE was the perfect reason to check out this place. I got there right around the event's start time, maybe even a couple minutes early (see? I am finally learning to respect others' time!) and found free parking about a block away from the restaurant. If you ask me how I got there, I'd lie if I said anything because I kind of just ended up there. The afternoon was gorgeous and walking the little bit that I had to do, I got to see how quaint downtown L-ville really is. I recognized LR, as I had checked out a few photos before arriving. I saw the new space for outdoor dining in the front and walked inside the minimalist-designed space. The industrial architecture of the exterior flowed into the interior and I found my fellow Yelpers sitting in the waiting area. I asked why they weren't at a table and Lindy F. informed me that we couldn't be seated until everyone arrived. We waited for William G. of "Sh!t Bill Says" infamy and apparently his little bro (who I didn't know about prior to this event). Well, they were running a little behind and our bellies started to grumble for the mid-day meal. It seemed that regardless of the fact that most of our party was present, we could not be seated. That rule was strictly enforced, much to our dismay. Eventually, a super cool guy got us an outdoor table (mind you, the patio area was almost empty, as most wanted to eat inside due to the breeze and not completely warmed up temps outside). He was awesome but had to pull all the stops for this move.Anyway, Bill arrived with little male sibling in tow and two dozen CamiCakes cupcakes (those pink boxes cannot be mistaken!) for Richard R.'s birthday (thanks, Tanya C.!) and they talked to us about Record Day and showed up all these cool-looking vinyls (of which I know absolutely nothing about). Our orders had already been taken before they arrived but said cool guy came back and took their drink orders. Before their drinks came out, a sweet girl with tats came out to our table and demanded to see the records. She was apparently privy to this music holiday and was sad that she couldn't go out to get her own stash.Maybe because we had to wait before being seated, but it seemed that it took the food a bit longer than I usually wait for to come out. But when it make its way to our table, everything looked wonderful and finely crafted. I ordered the Local Sausage from the appetizer section and a side of grits and one of garlic spinach. I had contemplated eating a cupcake with Richard R.'s wife (who is super sweet, so shout out to her!) as I waited miserably for my food but when it came out, I knew I'd made the right decision.One chicken and one pork sausage--both applewood smoked, delicious and juicy. I'm no sausage connoisseur so I cannot get into the nitty gritty about them, but I would order them again. Bill got a piece, so maybe when his review comes up (2 years later), he can tell you in more detail. Probably by then, I would have gone back, eaten this same thing again, and updated my review. Anyway, they were served with a wonderfully sweet Bourbon mustard. The grits were not my favorite... They were super smooth and silky, which many may love, as it is almost the opposite of other grits that I have tried. Granted, I am an Asian girl from New England, so what could I possibly know about grits?! You're right, most likely nothing. But I know what I like and I enjoy gritty grits. Yeah, I just described grits with the adjective-form of itself. Whatever. I wished there were more texture. The spinach seemed to be have been sauteed with garlic and I enjoyed having the greens to balance out the heaviness of the sausage and creamy grits.While we all partook in CamiCakes deliciousness, Jose O. ordered the creme brulee that he talks about in his review. He offered everyone a bite but everyone declined due to being so full. Everyone but me, that is. I could barely contain my belly in my belted jeans, but for the sake of Yelp, I felt the moral obligation to try his dessert (that's how I justified it in my mind, at least). I saw visions of cherubs flying amongst billowy cotton-puff clouds and the one with the creme brulee arrow shot me in the heart. Yes, that is the corny emotion that enveloped me as I tasted this amazingly decadent custard with the perfect layer of burnt sugar floating atop it.Umm, I reached the 5001 character limit and had to delete. Go to LR!
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,8/2/2013,85,207,3,3,4>Surprise! So a co-worker just brought me back from dining here,.... quite nice, clean, friendly staff, freshly prepared foods.I'd never heard of this latest burger joint, that also serves other type foods, Phillys, etcWe walked in, greeted at the door, seated on the covered patio (love places with patio's and this one is dog friendly too:-)This was our lunch hour so we reviewed the menu (something I didn't do in advance this time). My co-worker Jeff suggested I try one of their many burger selections or design my own. All the burgers are named after dog breeds. I own a Chiweenie (or she owns me?!....but they didn't have that but they do have one called Mix-breed)! I like that.I designed my burger with swiss, guacamole, tomato and thousand island dressing, cooked with pink center on a toasted bun. Jeff had the grilled chicken sandwich, both looked really tasty and we had parmasen fries on the side with a coke and iced tea to wash it down!Ok, SO, I....am STUFFED to capacity, so much so no dinner tonite! That burger was massive for my little self:-).Our waiter was nice and accomodating and I believe the owner came out to ask how everything was ...thats always a + !Next up, I belong to a small dog meetup group and have set my eye on a meetup here;-) I'll speak with the manager/owner and look into this soon before it gets too hot! Another nice burger spot in Roswell!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2013,8/1/2013,58,153,9,10,6>So I watching BBQ PitMasters last week, and I the guest host was the owner of Bub-Ba-Q.  Since I never heard of it, decided to look it up.  Woodstock is a little too deep for most atl people, but hey why not? Decided to give it a shot since it seems like not much people have.  When you walk in, and make the maze-like trek to the host, the first thing you will notice is all the trophies.  I'm over here like ok...this guy has to know what he's doing when it comes to bbq.  I went there for 2 things (since I looked over the menu at home): ribs and burnt ends.Looking at all these bbq competition shows, they always have burnt ends in their boxes.  I don't recall seeing it offered in the spots I've been to in the past.  Its and appetizer at this restaurant. When I opened that box of da burnt?? Woo! That aroma punches you square in the nostrils! Lovely little morsels of meat, covered in its own juices. So delicious.  I could eat a full plate of them and slap your hand if you reach over to take a piece.Now, the ribs.  Very delicious.  You can have them made either wet or dry.  I got them wet.  Nice pull off the bone, great flavor.  The one thing I did notice is that all they had was baby back ribs.  I saw on the menu that they have fried mac n cheese...that will be conquered on my next visit.  The plain mac n cheese was right on point with the other spots.  The potato salad wasn't to my liking.. its like big chunks of undercooked potato in a weird sauce.  Not my style.People...its worth the trip. I'll return to sample some other goodies
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,7/31/2013,31,69,2,4,2>Every time I come here the experience gets better. The food never waivers and EVERYTHING I have tried here has been delicious. I recently tried the sausage, which they will warn you can take up to 20 minutes, but is worth the wait. Get the collard greens and you just cannot go wrong with the pork. If you want to live the fullest life possible, I suggest getting the smoked wings. Holy moley are they good!!! Get them.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,7/30/2013,54,105,3,7,4>I'm going to go ahead and give this place 5 stars! WE LOVE THIS PLACE!!Terrific selection of crafted burgers, different meats (try the lamb burgers!). I've been crafting my own burgers lately, but I started off with their pre-designed burgers. They also have really good chili cheese dogs! It's a charming little place with good service! It's not in an obvious location, tucked in the back of a small shopping center. Finding the place is an accomplishment itself! Just the other week, I decided the perfect lunch there would be a bacon cheeseburger with a fried egg, and a chili cheese hot dog as a side! lol That, my friends, is a picture of deliciousness!!!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,7/29/2013,84,81,,3,3>This place is a great fresh alternative to most of the surrounding chain restaurants.  I love the Greek inspired food! The hummus with warm pitas is amazing.I order the Greek chicken pizza which is delicious! Fresh basil & feta on top of the warm pita-crust! YUM! My friend ordered the tabbouleh/spinach/shrimp salad with looked great & super fresh.  They have this sauce on the table which is fabulous.  And please, do yourself a favor and indulge in one of their INSANE chocolate chunk cookies... You will not regret it.Highly recommend giving this place a try- its a great atmosphere with fast service & relatively healthy food.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,7/28/2013,910,392,2,6,3>This is a really nice place to go. The best part of it is that it is FREE. No charge to park. There park rangers to ask for directions. There are many different types of trials.  Very easy to very difficult. Many of them, you can bring your pets. Just bring bags to pick up after them. Theres even paved roads to walk  up to the top of the mountain if you want. Nice place, that i'd return to.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2013,7/27/2013,135,258,,3,2>One of the best things about France, besides the great architecture, art and wine, is the food.  Douceur de France gives  you a wide selection of French finds.  There were so many wonderful looking items that it was hard to decided.  I finally choose the croque mademoiselle and coffee.  It was wonderful.  Creamy sauce over a thick piece of bread with a fried egg on top.  I plan on trying many more things in the future.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,7/26/2013,57,56,4,9,9>I have tried Roux a couple of times now, and I have to say this place is excellent.  Especially, as happened to me the other day, I was with someone who had a mean craving for a good po' boy.  As it happened, we knew a place that not only has excellent po' boys, but has several choices of meat for them, including fried oysters!  (Me, I like the crawfish.)  On other occasions, I have sampled their seafood pasta.  Wonderfully filled with mussels and shrimp, this dish swims in a very nice tomato basil sauce which satisfies and has a terrific consistency.  While I haven't yet had the occasion, the four burgers on the menu all sound fantastic.  There are many other choices, as the place has a nice variety of menu items for a restaurant of its size.For an appetizer, get the Cajun Flatbread.  While there are a number of other tasty sounding options, any of their servers will tell you that the flatbread is where it's at.  The andoille sausage melds well with the cheese on the flatbread, and it is worth the extra cook time it takes over the other, mostly fried, options.  Although it bears the cajun moniker, it is not too spicy, even if you haven't scorched off your taste buds for most of your adult life.For dessert, there is but one choice.  In keeping with the theme, you can have an order of beignets for under $5.  If you don't know, a beignet is a sort of fried dough covered with powdered sugar, and a staple of New Orleans.  While I won't claim these are as good as the ones you may have had on a visit to NOLA, they are tasty and will make a nice finish to your meal here.  Just be warned:  they are NOT available on Mondays, as the nearby bakery that makes them is not open on that day.  As far as drinks, the beer selection is very good, again for a place of this size.  There are many good choices, and it is clear that someone in charge here cares about beer.  There's even a rotating keg, and a possibility for you to pick the next rotation!  A fully stocked bar will cater to any other alcoholic needs you may have.I have always found the waitstaff to be very attentive and professional, while maintaining a casual ambience.  I usually sit inside, and while the chairs are high, they are comfortable.  There is also very nice outdoor seating available, but wait times for that area can be significant at peak times.  I was there recently during Live After 5, an event which packs Canton St, and was seated immediately inside Roux, while the outside had something like a 90 minute wait.  Overall, I would go so far as to say that this is my favorite place on Canton St.  I'll be back, and I would encourage everyone else to visit.  Oh, and by the way, with your sandwich I recommend the sweet potato fries.  If you have enough room after the flatbread and before the beignets, that is!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,7/25/2013,2,216,2,5,3>Dinner was excellent. Husband had fried oysters,collards,cabbage,and corn muffin. He said it was great. 5 oysters and sides for 25$. Crazy price. Forgot to ask the price when ordering the special. Seemed high. I had veggie plate...carrots,cabbage,green beans, and black eyed peas for 8.25$. All of the food had the delicious Greenwood taste. Here is the mystery..Where is Bill Greenwood. I have never been to Greenwood's when he was not in the kitchen. When asked his where abouts the answer was vague. Also, the pie slices I saw served seemed smaller. With out Bill what will happen to our classic restaurant. When they change the portions and the recipes, and the old help leaves? There were help wanted signs in the front yard. It was friday night and 8:30 and there was a rehersal dinner in the back room. Without that party of 60 people the place woud have been 75% empty. It really is true that nothing lasts forever.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,7/24/2013,26,338,2,4,2>4 stars all the way. Went early on a Monday and was greeted by friendly faces. The menu was very straight forward. I had the grilled chicken sandwich and it came with fries for just over 10 dollars. Normally I would say this was overpriced but it was good and came out exactly how I asked. Also given the area I can understand the competitive pricing. I do wish they had more options for sides. Up charging for a side salad kinda bugs me but I'll live.  I enjoyed my lunch and left not feeling like my pants were any tighter. I wasn't full but I wasn't starting pretty typical lunch. Good work Salt Factory.  Let me clarify they did have other sides but not what I was looking for. I usually go for some kind of rice or mixed veggies this wasn't an option here. Again no big deal but it would have made my meal perfect.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,7/23/2013,31,85,6,4,3>Restaurant makeover would have a field day with the Wing.  The food is pretty good,  the wings are cooked well and the beer is cold so probably I could just stop the review right there..... but I like to talk mean about other people so I will continue. As for the decor.... what are you going for man a tropical paradise, a dive bar, or a pub?  I mean it looks like the owner went buck wild at the Dollar Store thinking "yeah this pink flamingo that is what people want to eat next to. I will put it right next to the shamrock beer ad from 2010." Anyway I go to restaurants to eat not to look at their crap on the wall so if you are looking for wings in Marietta go here.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,7/22/2013,87,244,4,7,5>I had driven by Egg Harbor Café many times but never had a reason to stop. I'm not a big fan of breakfast, so I just never thought to come here.I am SO GLAD I finally had a chance to see what it was like. Hands down, the BEST place to grab brunch in town. Better than J Christopher's and better than First Watch!!I had the Door County Melt (chicken salad blended with dried cranberries, toasted pecans and crisp diced apples grilled on multigrain bread with jack and cheddar cheeses and ripe tomato, served with mini potato pancakes and a small salad). It was SO DELICIOUS!! You could taste the apples, the pecans, and the cranberries in each bite and it was so perfect. The potato pancakes were a surprise of deliciousness and the salad was small enough to be filling, and super tasty. The whole thing was $10.I will most definitely be back and highly recommend Egg Harbor to others!!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,7/21/2013,336,485,3,10,6>Came by with some of our favorite couples, and Vu, who happened to be in town. BF and I were running late since I had some prior engagements with my sorority, but managed to get in before they closed. There were roughly 13 of us, and all of us managed to be late lol. We set the original time for 9pm, since they close at 10, but none of us got there till at least 9:35-9:45pm. We barely ordered by 10pm. However, the staff was EXTREMELY nice and understanding, and we ended up leaving around 11-11:30pm. They were never rude to us, nor denied us service, despite holding them up from closing, which I have to give made props too since most places would of told us to leave.Everyone raved about their food, as well. Everyone either ordered tacos or wings. The wings were pretty yummy, and the tacos seemed like standard Korean tacos, which I have not yet accustomed myself to.  MJ's set up the atmosphere so perfectly for us that none of us wanted to go home. Despite the fact that I had to be up at 4am for Warrior Dash the next day, I couldn't get myself to go home after dinner, because we were all so hyped up, so we ended up leaving and throwing a mini house party :DBomb first experience!
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,7/20/2013,97,191,3,5,4>How do you say 'Holy Smokes!' in Greek? Because holy smokes, this place is delicious! The atmosphere is awesome for your senses. The decorations are simple, you walk in, and you are immersed in the heavenly smell of a wood burning stone oven. That in and of itself is worth three stars to me. Next, the kitchen is open, and you can see every move the kitchen staff makes from the waist up (if they are doing a jig, then I guess we'd never know).The food is superb. I mean SUPERB. Everything is fresh made, family recipe food. I am so pumped to go back and try the pizza, because it has to be amazing. They also have a dessert case, and something I've never seen before: Frosting Shots. They are small shot glasses that are filled with various frosting flavors. The best thing? They're only 60 cents each. They're the perfect amount to satisfy a sweet tooth. I'd really love to see an elite event here, I think this is a good space, plenty of room for Eliter shenanigans, and plenty of good food to go around.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,7/19/2013,71,139,4,6,4>I wasn't sure what to expect with this place but stopped by because Scoutmob was offering a free growler with purchase. The owner (I think he was the owner) was very friendly and informed about the beers. I agree that it's unfortunate that Marietta law prohibits tasting, because I hadn't heard of quite a few of the beers, but the owner was very informative and after asking what sort of beers we like, he suggested some that we later found to be right on target. They have about 25-30 taps, although when some are gone, they're gone! I liked that they had a large assortment of local beers, like Red Hare, Red Brick, and Monday Night Brewing. I didn't think the prices were crazy; I've paid more at Total Wine. I asked if we need to sterilize the growler ourselves before bringing it in; he said that we could do so, or they'd trade it out for one of their clean ones.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,7/18/2013,149,208,7,10,8>I'm the weirdo that doesn't drink coffee or tea.  I never bothered to venture over to Rev Coffee due my lack of coffee drinking.  That all changed when I went to Rev's Spring Fest with some friends last weekend.I'm not sure what I was expecting when I thought about Spring Fest, but it definitely involved green space.  Wouldn't you think the same thing?  We arrived to see all of these tents and a stage set up in front of the coffee house.  No green space, but entertaining.  Lots of vendors were selling arts and crafts.  Local musicians were playing on the stage.We did go inside to grab some refreshments.  I just went with water, but spied these bacon cheese muffins as I was ordering.  We were going to be eating dinner soon, but I couldn't resist ordering one of these babies.  So happy I did.  They heated it up in the microwave.  I kind of cringed when they did this because I figured the muffin would get all hard.  This turned out to not be an issue.  Why, you say?  These things are so freaking good, you will eat the entire thing in an extremely short amount of time.   I restrained myself from ordering a dozen more by promising myself that I would come back soon.  I also saw that they have chicken salad sandwiches and pimiento cheese sandwiches.  I'll be trying all of those in the near future.There were plenty of seating places here and appeared to be lots of plugs due to the number of people plugged in.  It's a great place to spend some time relaxing or working.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,7/17/2013,53,212,2,3,2>I have been here and at it's counterpart South of the boarder plenty of times.  The quality of the food has always been perfect.  On a few occasions, as well at the other place, the food has come out incorrectly but that is usually due to the service.  I would say 90% of the time the service has been great but like most places, if you show up at the wrong time and have the wrong service you can have an awful time.  I have had my awful time here and when I did, it sucked.  It sucked like 5 kids 5 and under and waitress that was either mentally challenged or stoned and food that seemed to never be right or show up on time.  But like I said, you come to a place enough times you bound for a bad time. Aside from that 10% of bad service the food has been 100% great for what restaurant and I would recommend everyone in the area to try it out.  On top of that on Wednesdays kids eat free for ever adult order and $3.50 house margaritas.  You can't pass that up.  Another positive is that if your really nice they will let you order from the tex mex affiliate next door.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,7/16/2013,64,126,2,6,7>After many moons, I returned to Samui Island for my Thai fix. Yes, it's down the street (6miles maybe)  but it's towards Norcross, and I never have any business in Norcross. The owner lady remembered me and she chided me for not coming in much as I used to, and I sheepishly hung my head. I ordered my usual fixings which are tom yum shrimp, pad thai with chicken and shrimp, rama beef, and a Thai hot papaya salad to go (cause I ain't sharing that with nobody). She gave us homemade coconut ice cream at the end. Everything was thankfully, still the same. Great attentive service and great quality food. Every time I'm here though, there aren't too many customers and this place definitely needs more love. I highly, HIGHLY recommend this place to all Thai food lovers.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,7/15/2013,29,92,2,5,5>New Location = even better Rumi's!It's not as cramped as it used to be and the vibe is better. I went with 6 others on a Tuesday night when my boss was in town. He paid, we ate!I was the only repeat diner so I asked out server to explain what Persian food was all about. If you haven't heard the background and where the name came from you should, it's a really nice, healthy story.We had 3 bottles of the Mondavi Pinot Noir from Oregon ($52 each) really delicious and went well with the meal.The appetizer of assorted dips was unique in all the right ways!I had the shrimp kebab, over cooked and rubbery but the flavor was nice and the pistachio wedding rice was ah mazing! Most of us ordered lamb or shish kebabs, everyone seemed happy and all of the unique rice toppings made us very happy. Rumor has it after I left the group went to the bar for shots and really enjoyed the rest of the night without me!
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,7/14/2013,40,261,4,7,7>I've been in search of the best Banh mi sandwich ever since the great American food truck race when the Vietnamese team was serving up these killer sandwiches.  Until a year ago I never knew what they were.   Simply they are Asian style BBQ pork with crunchy vegetable slices, a little heat a little sweet and a crispy french baguette (worth eating with nothing in it).!!!  Now, some might consider it a "Wish Sandwich", which is two slices of bread and you wish you had some meat!!!  But this sandwich is $3.00 stinking bucks so tell them you want extra meat and you'll pay the .50 cent up charge!!  Ordinarily I like a lot of meat on my sandwich but the bread is so damn good I don't care. Until now Lou's Bakery and Quoc Huong have been the best places for a fantastic Banh Mi.  But now appropriately named  Banh Mi Cafe has the best in the city!!!  WHY? because the little 4 ft Vietnamese that started and developed the recipes at Quoc Huong in Asian square on Buford Hwy  is now here in charge of the kitchen.   Banh Mi cafe has about 15 a different style Banh mi sandwiches which is one of the reasons it is the best in the city. Its nice to have so many choices. But the coup de grace is the eye round  Banh mi.  It is a Vietnamese version of a Philly cheese steak sandwich with grilled onions on a French baguette that is better than Gino's or Pats from Philly and without the attitude!!  This is sandwich heaven. I can eat two or three with extra meat.  There are two problems though.  #1 this place is about 25 minutes away and I'll be dreaming about this place and wasting time during the week to drive there. #2 who eats three sandwiches these days since we found out carbs are the reason for putting on weight.  Between the delicious Pho soup and the crispy baguettes (all carbs) this place is going to kill me.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,7/13/2013,140,186,2,6,3>I've only been to the location in Buckhead, so last night when my husband and I were running errands and decided to pull out our handy Yelp app for a dinner suggestion, this came up and we happily headed over. It's in a tricky little spot that you might miss the first time or two. You can see it from the road, but it's attached to a Suntrust building so it's easy to look over. There's a lot of outdoor seating, which is what we decided on. For a Monday night, the place was pretty busy, and the servers were working hard and were all very friendly and attentive. We split a pitcher of the house margarita, and even for house, it was pretty good. The guacamole we started with was fantastic and well worth the $6.99 (I think?), and it came with perfectly seasoned chips for dipping. It came with so much that we didn't finish it all, which is kind of shame... You don't get free chips and salsa here, btw. It's $2.99 to start.I had the Korean BBQ pork taco and one of the steak tacos. I LOVED the first one - the slaw was delicious and you could still taste the bbq pork through it, and that itself was really full of flavor and it had a little bite. The second one came with a spicy, creamy sauce and onions and tomatoes, and while it was good, the sauce was a little too much for me. It wasn't a loss though - the steak was so good I finished it up with my fork. I allowed my husband one bite :) I can see this being somewhere I stop in during the summer for a quick taco or two - but know that they also have lots of salads and quesadillas, and you can make your own combo for them, which is a fun little bonus in my book.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,7/12/2013,12,57,2,6,3>I really stumbled across a hidden gem when I found this place. The outside advertising is very conservative, and it isn't in an area that is too happening for restaurants. But this place put a smile across my face for the rest of the evening.The inside has a unique decor, and you can roughly read the backstory of the restaurant and owner from the murals. The kitchen is open in the front, and you can see the pizza crusts being tossed and formed. The menu is heavily defined by pizza, but they have other items not unexpected for a pizza joint including wings, a few subs, and appetizers.This is New York style pizza (actually my only experience is NYC style pizza served in Boston). The large pizza is 18" which equates into slices about the length of your forearm. They are big, foldable slices, and the ingredients are amazing.We got pepperoni and sausage, and the sausage takes like it is made in-house. Lots of seasoning.We got an 18" pizza, and garlic knots for less than $20. You can't beat that price, and no chain pizza joint can touch that flavor.We will definitely be back, again and again.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,7/11/2013,27,177,3,5,2>Don't let the word "vegetarian" scare you off - I'm an avid carnivore, but I'm a fan of Cafe Sunflower and it's in my regular lunch rotation. Most everything on the menu that' I've had is good. The only real "miss" I've had was the lasagna, which was really only a lasagna in that it was layers of noodles with stuff in between and sauce on top - nothing in the flavor profile resembles traditional lasagna. To be clear, it's not bad, I just wouldn't order it again. But the Quesadilla, "burger", Caprese Sandwich, and Pad Thai are all winners.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,7/10/2013,309,376,4,7,6>How cute is this place?? Made to order pies and dessert pies? Yes please!! This restaurant will be making it into my regular lunch rotation for sure.A co-worker and I tried this place for lunch today (ScoutMob, 5$ off coupon, why not?) and it's a win. The pie crusts were soft and fluffy, and the whole made to order concept is pretty cool. I ordered the chicken pot pie and an elvis pie (banana, peanut butter and chocolate) for dessert. They were both yummy.I do think this place has a few kinks they still need to work out - like who actually takes the orders in line when you first walk in and getting the pies out a bit quicker for a lunch spot where everyone is in a bit of a hurry. All in all, promising, inexpensive, and good lunch eats.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,7/9/2013,51,304,3,8,4>Tired of the Vienna Beef Chicago Dogs that have taken over Atlanta.  Wishing for a Coney, a foot long Sabrett dog that pops?  They got em here along with burgers, calzones, pastrami, corned beef, sausages and all the stuff that goes with Jersey style subs!  Country gravy with homemade biscuits for breakfast as well as pancakes, bagels, lots of egg choices- I love this place!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,7/8/2013,49,92,4,5,3>We ended up in this little gem by chance.  We were driving and hungry and saw it on the side of the road.  I am so glad we stopped in.     I tried the Doner, which was huge and delicious. I got feta on the side and OH SWEET GOODNESS was it tasty and I was full for the rest of the night..  I also tried the Angus burger and must that was really good too.   This place also had a really nice assortment of baked goods.  I must admit that I got a piece of this jello cake and the fat girl in me tried to eat it but I was already too full.  I just took it home and plan to eat it later.   This place has been open for about two months but will definitely be around for a long time.  Next time I am there I plan to try the Chevapi and the Pljeskavica.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,7/7/2013,27,126,2,11,2>I'd like to clarify that this is not a mediterranean restaurant. It's Pakistani. I asked a Pakistani friend where I could find some good authentic Pakistani food- particularly kababs and he suggested this place. They have the BEST samosas I've ever tasted outside of my mom's kitchen (again, Pakistani, not Indian but similar sounding dishes). They are so much better than in any Indian restaurant I've tried in the city- or outside the city.I only tried the kababs but definitely recommend them over anything else as the taste is amazing. I suggest getting the combo plate to start with so you try a little bit of everything. I can't pinpoint a favorite. The tandoori chicken is tender and juicy, the seekh or sheek kababs are incredibly flavorful, both lamb and beef. If you haven't tried it, definitely get the Chicken Malai Kabab- it melts in your mouth!They all pair perfectly with their housemade breads...I would suggest calling your order in before you go if you're picking up. We waited a considerable amount of time for a to go order. But it was worth the wait.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,7/6/2013,62,133,4,9,6>Pretty darn near perfection, a restaurant that knows what it wants to be and delivers on exactly that.This menu is very simple, southern food.  It doesn't try to take fancy spins and takes on great southern tradition, it just simply developed, and executes, to perfection what it offers.  It does this in several ways::Service.  Perfect service, not overly swarming over you but there to handle your needs and make suggestions.  I like that.  I also like that the owner is constantly moving about the dining room, as if to oversee the happiness of his clientele.  Very well done.  You can tell there is attention to detail.Décor:  the restaurant is an old home (so as most of Canton St. Roswell) so it makes you kind of feel like you are being served by Gramma herself, feeding you her traditional southern food while you relax in a updated, upscale, yet homely atmosphere.  There is also a nice outdoor patio (probably could do with more seating, but it is well situated).  The restaurant is small but I didn't see where any of it felt cramped.  One thing I appreciated and represented the restaurants attention to detail, sound dampening subtly installed and you can tell as the room with vaulted ceilings acoustically didn't sound like it was packed with people, as it was.Food:  Started out with the Hog and Quilts.  I definitely enjoyed this and as a fan of BBQ I liked the take on the BBQ sauce.  I had the shrimp and grits, tried the fried chicken, and while they were very simple dishes, they were cooked to perfection.  My grilled shrimp were done perfectly and the grits came out to perfection.I will definitely be back.  There's a burger on the menu that's calling my name, and soon I will oblige.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,7/5/2013,77,600,5,11,3>Cuban Diner has been a 5 for me since the first time I ate here. But recently it got even better when I decided to skip my usual Cuban sandwich and order the traditional Cuban pork. Oh. My. God. If you like the piggy as much as I do you must try this! Order the Cuban (yuca) fries as your side and after you finish dipping those little beauties in the mojo sauce go ahead and just pour the remaining sauce over your pork. It doesn't need it for flavor, but that sauce is so good I could bathe in it. Solid, friendly, reasonably priced, fast and delicious. What more could you want?
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,7/4/2013,69,313,4,5,4>Its nice to go somewhere and have the owners available to talk to... and i think every time ive gone in here the same 4 people have been here, always friendly, will give recommendations, and samples!!I also love that they send out emails to let you know what is going to be on tap. I am a cider drinker, I like beer too, but i love cider and they always have at least 1 on tap if not 2.  I also found a new kind of canned cider made in Lithuania, which i do believe is my new favorite!!  They sent out an email with an adult Easter egg hunt through the store, and My hubby and I went in for some weekend beverages, and found an egg for $2.00 off.. plus the additional 10% off cider Saturdays. :) Good deals, Wide selection and Great people :)  Perfect addition to down town alpharetta! and prime location next to All Fired Up!!
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,7/3/2013,150,120,8,7,7>*warning: I'm from California so you southerners might want to disregard what I'm about to say*Praise the Lard! This place is good on a biblical scale. I've driven by this place a couple times but I've never stopped by. Luck for me, my project team had a lunch here. Now I'm not a BBQ aficionado so I can't comment on the style of BBQ.  They have the standard menu of items but their sided apparently change frequently. I ordered the brisket plate with a side of mac and cheese and cucumber salad. The brisket was amazing! It had, what I believe to be, a light smoked flavor to it. The brisket was cut into medium thickness slices which held up well to dipping into sauces. Out of the 5 sauces they had I tried 3. I like the Lexington vinegar, the nuclear sauce and an Al Pastor sauce. The one I like was the Vinegar sauce , I felt their "Nuclear" sauce was a weak and the Al pastor was good but out of place.  The weak "nuclear" sauce was their only cardinal sin.The sides were well done. The cucumber salad had crisp slices cucumber in a vinegar dressing and the mac and chees was some of the best I've ever had. Overall this place is 5 starts for delivering up some good BBQ.cardinal sin committed
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,7/2/2013,489,857,9,8,8>I came here for lunch. Walking in, Alon's surprised me. It looked fancy smancy inside. It looks like a gourmet bakery, wine & cheese shop, and general marketplace. They had a lot of people inside. Most of them looked to be the upper-class, bored housewife types or businessmen with expense accounts.Well, if you have no money, you won't be coming here. The prices for lunch seemed expensive. However, they all looked delicious. I drooled as I glanced at their salad selections. I hate salads, but these all looked fresh and delicious looking.I got their garlic roasted lamb sandwich. This thing cost $13. When they handed me this tiny sandwich with no sides and drinks, it disappointed me. But it tasted delicious. The red onion spread gave the lamb a great taste. Also, the lamb tasted fresh and good. The bread tasted fresh as well. Overall, all of the ingredients tasted fresh, good, and merged together into a great sandwich. The rest of their lunch menu looked great. I don't like sandwiches, but all of their sandwiches sounded good and tempted me to get another one. Unfortunately, I didn't have the funds. My only complaint is how expensive they are. Other than that, their food seem high quality.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2013,7/1/2013,1424,609,56,62,61>Do you know what makes Yelp so addictive? One word - community.THE SCENE - - - - - - - - - -When I first started yelping in '09, I had no idea that people I barely know would turn out to be so much fun! I didn't come to yelp looking for friends, nor did I know it was even possible to develop such strong connections with strangers, but thank goodness for unexpected things.Today's UYE is proof that people you meet online that share a common interest can in many ways be better than friends you've known your whole life. I ALWAYS have a great time at yelp events. I enjoy meeting new yelpers as well as familiar faces I've come to know over my last few years. But today was different... it was like hanging out with family. I promise I'll stay on track with this review and talk about Meehan's,  but I can't help but to take a moment to talk about the company of our group.  After all, the people that you break bread with are as (if not more) important than the meal by which we gathered to experience.I met my yelp sweetheart Liz V for the first time today and I love her more now that I did before!!! I also met Jennifer H, who's compliments are like a wonderful get well card when you're sick. It was such a pleasure to meet her and her husband Brian H. Then there's my Breakfast Club crew! I look forward to seeing these people like a kid who's going to spend the night over their best friends house.  Lindy F, Tanya C, Andria C, Jose O, and my brother from another mother William G (who has spawned his own Twitter following from the outrageous things he tends to say!) Let me not forget the awesome company of Ed S, Angela H, Amanda D, and Panida S. These yelpers would all be 5 star reviews if we were allowed to review each other.THE FOOD - - - - - - - - - -* Banana Bread French Toast (5/5) $9 - SHUT UP! Review over... there is nothing else than needs to be said that should make you want to come here! I almost licked my wife's face because it was just a little piece remaining on her lip. Sooooo good!* Crab & Artichoke Dip (4/5) $9 - Brian H ordered this for the table was delicious. That thing was LOADED with crab meat. Get it!!! * Hot JUMBO Pretzel w/queso & Guinness mustard (5/5) $8 - None better! Andria C bought a round for the table and after sampling a bite I had to resist snatching the whole plate and yelling "Mine!"* Irish Breakfast $13 - This dish includes: Scrambled eggs (2.75) - were not soft scrambled as I requested Bangers (4) - the Irish slang word for sausage, were delicious. Rashers (2.5) - thin cut pieces of cooked ham (not great, but not bad).Soda Bread (3.5) - a fun new food experience I'll be sure to order again.Black & White Pudding (2.5) - Cooked blood that wasn't bad, just not my thing.Also included seared tomatoes, mushrooms, onions, tasty baked beans. Overall this dish was 3 STARS, but could have been higher with better eggs and ham.  NOTEWORTHY STORYMy mother called me while I was eating and I'm almost certain she sat totally confused and staring into space after our brief conversation. Mom - "Hi honey, I was thinking about you and just called to see what you are doing."Me- (in the middle of having a mouthful of breakfast I managed to say)   "Mom let me call you back, I've got a banger in my mouth and can't talk right now."  Sometimes you don't realize how something sounds until you play it back in your head.SERVICE - - - - - - - - - -I swear it seems to happen at every Brunch UYE; the servers seem to forget I'm at the table. Everyone else got their meals long before me. My sweethearts Liz & Lindy insisted on not eating their meals until mine arrived. Well, it took so long they actually started eating anyway... LOL! Refills were also not timely, but we did have a large party of 18 and things like that can sometimes be expected (although we did have reservations, so our party size shouldn't have been a surprise). They also forgot the b&w pudding on my plate and a few other minor complaints that I chose to overlook since I was having a great time.THE VERDICTI really enjoyed this visit for several reasons. 1) Great vibe  2) a different take on traditional breakfast items and  3) Ah-Mazing company that made me want to stay and talk all day. I'm not sure if it would have been the same experience without them, but Meehan's should be thankful. I tend to be less persnickety and more generous with stars in my reviews when I'm having fun!!! As for my poor mother, I think I'll wait a while before I explain what a banger is.... LOLTo all of today's UYE crew: I heart  you guys and can't wait to do it again!Yelp100[77]
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,6/30/2013,26,85,2,5,3>First of all, I want to say that I feel sorry for all the people who didn't have the experience we had because that was probably the best meal I've ever had, or it's up there in the top 3. Never been there before and I was looking for a special place, close to home to take my wife to celebrate our anniversary.We had Jessica as our server and she was perfect. Attentive but not obtrusive. She was passionate about the restaurant and it showed. Started out with the Waygu carpaccio which was delicious. I had the special Delmonico cut ribeye, cooked perfectly rare. My wife had the 8 ounce fillet, also cooked rare. We also ordered the bone marrow infused butter to put on the steaks and a sauce that my wife ordered but I can't remember the name. Seriously the best piece of meat I've had. They also gave us a delicious creme brûlée to share as an anniversary gift. And the price of the dinner would have been totally reasonable but we almost doubled the check by ordering a bottle of Silver Oak Cab. It capped a totally indulgent evening. This place will be our "go to place" for special occasions and we are also planning to try the Sunday brunch with the kiddos.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,6/29/2013,63,215,5,7,4>You know you've been treated to a great restaurant when a full week later, you're still remembering how delicious the food was!I've told no fewer than 4 people about the awesome brunch menu in the days following my introduction to Seed Kitchen & Bar.  I'll be back again soon for the Hand-Squeezed Berry Lemonade that quenched a deep thirst I didn't even realize I'd had until that first cool sip.The Butternut Squash Soup will find its way onto a spoon near me, too, because it was pureed perfection.The Smoked Salmon Deviled Eggs see too good to be in any way Devilish.  It's one of those table appetizers that you wish you didn't have to share because each bite is a resounding "Yes!"I finished my experience with House Smoked Brisket Hash.  It's a dish that proves they know how to brunch it up with the best of them.  Quality, fresh, well-seasoned ingredients in every forkful.  I don't think I'll be able to order another restaurant's brisket hash without feeling let down.The decor, service and ambiance were all conducive to an entertaining time out.  This will be among the short list of places I take friends who come to visit me in my new city.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,6/28/2013,19,83,2,5,2>Hop Alley has a very friendly and helpful bar staff that answered several of our questions about their brews and were attentive to our needs.  The decor is nice, with exposed bulb lightening hanging down from the bar and dark wood tones.  This place is brand new so it's hard to criticize minor glitches but...the in-house brews seemed a little weak in flavor.  I'm sure this is an early batch and they will get better as time goes on so please don't let this review dissuade you from trying them all as my group did.  They definitely have potential.  They also have a strong line-up of "guest" drafts and bottles and a few wines as well.  The food was pretty good, too.  We got mostly apps including a charcuterie plate, onion rings, a 50/50 burger (half beef, half applewood bacon), and a side of cheese fries.  The burger stood out with its smoky flavor and juicy texture.  The rings were enormous and even though I prefer skinny rings these were not bad.  The charcuterie plate was pretty tasty but the french flies were bland and soggy.  I took home an avocado chicken salad sandwich, portobello sandwich and raspberry/goat cheese salad and the sandwiches were better than the salad, which seems to be missing something.  I will definitely be back to see how this place progresses in both its beers and menu.  Alpharetta needs to come out and support our new, local brewery!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,6/27/2013,86,179,4,6,5>I cannot tell you how much I love this park! Whenever I have free time and the weather is nice, I try to hit this park with my family. Recently, I've also been going with some friends that moved into the area. We take our dogs here for exercise.There are the requisite covered picnic areas with the barbecue grills you see at all the parks but the real treasure is the beautifully maintained trail. There are always people walking/biking/running. The main trail is asphalt but they also have soft surface (dirt) trails in certain areas. The section that we walk is about 1.75 miles and it takes us about 1 hr to do the roundtrip.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,6/26/2013,46,179,2,2,2>Pancia mia, fatti capanna. Make room in your tummy for this delicious food!!! Make sure you come hungry and try out various dishes. The mussels in white wine sauce and chicken picatta were both wonderful, with rich buttery sauces. The antipasto salad was great and has a wonderful balsamic vinaigrette. The garlic bread is to-die-for, full on with melted cheese and slices of garlic that have been roasted to caramelization. For dessert, we had the chocolate mousse and the bomba, which is layers of gelato covered in chocolate. Warning: this food is delicious and you will most likely leave having eaten way too much. Not the healthiest but worth it once in awhile. Our server was very friendly and helpful in suggesting menu items. The atmosphere is very casual/ family style. The only things that threw me off were 1) the servers at the front bar gossiping with each other - not exactly professional, and 2) the lighting was quite bright - they would be wise to use some lower wattage bulbs :) Other than that, I love this place and will be back (maybe after some intense workouts!).
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,6/25/2013,144,135,4,9,6>Um...Kinda glad this place is not super near my house or I would be diabetic.  The donuts are so fresh and good.  The owner will take a ton of time describing them to you and giving samples.  She tries to learn your name and remember you which is nice in such a busy suburb.  In a non descript strip mall but worth finding.  I stop every time I am anywhere near here.  Thanks to my friends for the introduction...they go almost every day.  Ohhh and they have a "healthy donut" that has a ton of protein in it.  It may not be an egg white omelet but it was good and very filling.  Check it out but don't blame me if you have to start wearing elastic pants.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,6/24/2013,74,119,6,5,5>Let me tell you, I'm not even a beer drinker. And my fear is that I will not be able to keep saying that for long.  Finding out about this place and this growler shenanigans is ruining me. I'm cheating on wine.I wandered in here fully thinking I'd check it out, find out what the heck a growler was and maybe see if they have a chocolate stout I can bake with.  How I left with the stout, rodenbach and a pack of premium cider is beyond me.  But I am not complaining. The Crispin Ciders have been a treat to go through.Very nice space, very cool concept. And the service is excellent to boot.Why don't they do this for wine? Will someone get on that please?
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,6/23/2013,117,75,7,11,9>As of this review, foursquare tells me I've been here 16 times. That's probably enough times for a review, eh? Lunch makes up about 75% of those . I'll get to why in a second, but here are the Cliffs Notes...$12 Chirashi A: yelp.com/biz_photos/circSituated among a check cashing place, a Chinese take-out restaurant, and a lot of empty spaces for sale, Circle Sushi with its nondescript storefront feels like a secret place. In some ways, it kind of is. Circle isn't named after the chef the way some of its Atlanta counterparts are and it's never so busy that you have to make a reservation or hope someone cancels theirs. I don't recall ever experiencing a wait at lunch and even the waits for dinner on the weekends are short. Onto the food.The primary reason I come here is the lunch chirashi. Lunch is 7 days a week, not just weekdays. As of this review, Chirashi A is $12 and Chirashi B is $18. The size of the bowls is the same, but B comes with more premium fish, including (usually) uni and toro. Fellow Yelper Jang C. (yelp.com/user_details?us) and I went on a bit of an Atlanta lunch chirashi tour and for the price and taste, Circle cannot be beat.  Also, I can't pinpoint it exactly, but there is some sort of magic in Circle's sushi rice. I'm not talking about the surprise (which I won't spoil) you get embedded in your chirashi's rice; the sushi rice, grain by grain, is delicious and wonderfully consistent every visit. The dinner chirashi is great as well (it's a more premium B), but does come in at the upper $20 range, if I remember correctly.I almost forgot...there's other food here too. If you're not a big chirashi eater, the 3 item bento is a good option (you can do 4 items too, but I usually find 3 to be enough). You get to sample a nice variety of items from the kitchen and/or sushi bar. I really like the tempura here and you can't go wrong with the various grilled fishes. Everything I've had here is so good that you could probably throw a dart at this menu to decide and you wouldn't go wrong.The service here is efficient and friendly. I once was eager with the ordering and they stopped me and kindly let me know that that would probably be enough food. Although the waiter probably thought "pig," I appreciated the thoughtfulness to put my enjoyment of the meal over the grand total of the bill. Another thing I've noticed  in my 16 visits is that on rare occasion, when ordering chirashi, the salad (and/or soup) doesn't come out. The salads/soups are usually very quick, so if you've been sitting there a while without salad/soup, you may want to check with your server. Otherwise both the salad/soup and chirashi may come out at the same time and it's a high pressure race to finish the salad/soup so you can get to the holy grail.See you there.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,6/22/2013,705,1112,4,7,4>I have taken yoga classes in all sorts of settings, from posh and trendy chain studios to local community arts centers, and Peachtree Yoga Center is my favorite.They have just enough of a variety of classes at many different times...I can always find a convenient class to attend.  The studio is cute and always clean.  The staff is always friendly, knowledgeable, and very zen.  I feel calmer just walking through the doors.As if all of that wasn't enough to fall in love with Peachtree Yoga Center, here are the three things that I love most:1.  The instructors always offer variations on each pose and remind people that whatever they choose to do is fine because everyone tailors their own yoga practice specific to their needs.  It helps to be reminded of that when I'm gasping for air and covered in flop-sweat while the 60-year old lady next to me is moving along effortlessly.  My practice is sweaty, difficult, and has lots of resting "child's pose" positions...and I'm ok with that.  2.  At various times during the class, the instructor goes to each person and gives them an extra little back massage or gently pushes them deeper into a lower back stretch.  It feels ooooh soooh ghooooood!3.  At the end of each practice the instructor brings out a little plate of sliced fruit.  I don't know where Peachtree Yoga buys their fruit, but it's tastes amazing!  Maybe it's because I've just utterly exhausted myself or maybe because it's so cool and sweet and refreshing...it's just damn good.  The instructor is always available after class if you want to ask questions or just chitchat while you munch on a healthy snack.If you want to increase flexibility and muscle tone while you act like a bendy straw, give Peachtree Yoga Center a try.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,6/21/2013,46,202,2,10,4>Closer to a 3.5, but getting the extra half point for being somewhat original for this area ...I don't consider Taqueria Del Mar on par with the fusion-y taco joints popping up Inside the Perimeter, but at least its original and not another one of Peachtree Corners/Norcross area ubiquitous "sandwich shoppes" ...The interior of Taqueria Del Mar is handsomely appointed with that "industrial chic" look that has become popular over recent years. The ceilings are high with exposed ductwork and the floor is equally exposed, so with no buffers, this place could get ear-rattlingly loud if it filled up (or if one woesome offspring needed to melt down.)There is a full bar, but surprisingly no soda fountain. I guess they are popping the cans open for cocktails but I prefer to hit a fountain when I'm eating out. I expected more seafood choices at Taqueria Del Mar, but there are only a few including a Shrimp and Grits and the expected Fish Taco.All of the food sounds good on the menu and it seems like they are really trying something worthwhile here. On a quiet Saturday lunch we tried:Short Rib Taco - flavorful, worth a try.Pork shoulder Taco - not bad, maybe a bit too much mustard, (hard to say...)Beef enchilada with red sauce and a Cheese enchilada with red sauce --- easily the best items we tried. The red sauce really makes the plate and makes me think their chili must be awesome. (Hope I'm right on that assumption.)Fish Taco --- probably the one item we would not order again, just really seemed like frozen fish. two side orders ofCharro beans --- menu describes as wood fired black beans with dry cured bacon and while the bacon was certainly there, I was expecting A LOT more flavor from these. Kind of sad because We were given small samples of their Poblano Corn Chowder which was great and I thought these beans would be similarly great when they were only "meh." The corn chowder is certainly something to order another day. If the prices get any higher, I might rethink coming here. They charge for their salsa which appears to be a meager serving but since Taqueria Del Mar is new, let's hope they may still be working on the finer points of their menu.Worth a try if you are in the area!ADDENDUM:Like many establishments, you order at the counter and your order is delivered when ready. That part is fine. What I find somewhat odd is upon placing your order and paying with your credit/debit card, they swipe the card then pass an ipad attached to the cash register system to you, the amount for you to pay is on the screen, they want you to "sign the pad with your finger" (not with a stylus? really?) and also put in a tip amount if you want to. Ever try to write your name with your finger? And the whole bit about asking for a tip before any food or service has been performed is sort of pushy ... I remember a comedian who once said "if I place my order at the counter, and hang around for my food to appear, then you're not waiting on me, I'm waiting on you."
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,6/20/2013,49,357,3,9,4>Disclaimer: this review is about 2 months late.This was my 2nd visit here and I thoroughly enjoyed it much more than my first! But that is not the restaurants fault, the first time I was here, the group ordered for everyone and needless to say, my palate was just not a happy camper with their selection.So... This review is for my 2nd visit. We came with a large group with fellow yelper Esther K. I ordered the beef udon and it was delicious!! The broth was flavorful and the onions caramelized perfectly. I think I had to consciously put down my spoon every now and then so as to not slurp the whole thing down and embarrass myself completely. I did eye my other dinnermates dinner and can't wait to try the very large tempuras next time. We had the same server as before, and we kept her pretty busy with all of our orders. But I do not think that anyone's order was messed up, it was just a parade of never ending food it seemed. Our drinks were refilled in a timely order as well. The sushi was good, although I did have a difficult time finding a roll without crab or krab for that matter. SO didn't care too much for their food, but $7 for a flavorful hot bowl of udon will have me coming back for more.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,6/19/2013,328,633,7,10,7>Trip 2 equals 2 for 2 and their fifth star!The winner is Swifty's Dream!  A hot sammich with slow smoked pork shoulder, a spicy BBQ sauce, spicy horseradish slaw, Applewood smoked bacon, all on a toasty French bun.  Four words - messy, saucy, porky, YUM!I thought it would be tough to top the Funky Chicken, but seriously, wowza!  There must have been like a half of pound of pork on the sandwich, paired with the zingy sauce and the spicy slaw and the pickle on the side and it just sings!Add then the most killer fries - the right amount of salt and pepper, both crispy on the outside and soft on the inside and then the side of red pepper dip (they should market that stuff - it's like crack).  Get me a jar to keep in my fridge!!Next time, I'm hitting up the Tuscan Raider (and more fries).
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,6/18/2013,131,163,9,13,10>I've seen people do special reviews when they hit "milestones" like 50, 100, etc.  That's a thing right?  Like, people writing reviews about Yelp.  On Yelp.  (How meta!)For my 100th review I'd like to write about Alpharetta.  It's a city that I've called home for nearly a decade now.  I work here, I play here, and I spend far too much time on Hwy 400 getting to or from here.When people think about typical Alpharetta residents I am probably not what immediately comes to mind.  That stereotype would be a WASP with 2.5 kids in the back of a minivan.  Except the minivan would be one of those fancy Lexus SUVs or a Porsche Cayenne instead, because after all, this is Alpharetta.That image of the affluent white family is not far off the mark in some cases.  The truth is that Alpharetta has a great school system and is a very safe suburb in which to raise a family.  Depending on which neighborhood you select the cost of living can be very high.  (For the record, I do not live in one of those neighborhoods and Jeff Foxworthy is not popping over from next door to borrow a cup of sugar.)Alpharetta has the distinction of being very "wired" with a great infrastructure that has attracted many large tech companies to the area and create a lot of jobs in the IT field.  There is a particularly high concentration of healthcare IT companies in the city.  I worked for one of them for several years.  Probably most Alpharetta residents have at one time or another.Does Alpharetta have a bustling nightlife scene?  No.  Most everything shuts down well before 11:00PM.  But the dining scene has improved by leaps and bounds since I first moved here and it continues to do so at a rapid pace.  I think that the mixed-use development Avalon (scheduled to open in 2014) will move the city in a very positive direction in regard to dining, retail and nightlife.Unlike neighboring Roswell, Alpharetta is not very bicycle friendly.  Cyclists take their lives into their own hands and there simply aren't adequate bike lanes for people who actually want to commute.  The local government has made noises indicating that they are moving in a more bike-friendly direction in recent years but nothing notable has happened yet.Chances are I will not choose to start a family in Alpharetta and put down roots here, although that is becoming an increasingly popular option.  It's been a pleasant place to spend some of my formative adult years though.  And that's fine.  Just fine.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,6/17/2013,157,198,6,4,4>I absolutely love SUPER H Mart. Before you make any judgments, I don't love this place because I'm Asian. In fact, this is a Korean supermarket and I'm Chinese. Totes difference. So why do I love Super H? The produce here is incredibly delicious, and cheap. There is not a better place to buy fresh strawberries in Gwinnett. The Asian candies, ramen, drinks and tea selection are also amazing. I buy plenty of herbal tea here to help keep me awake during work. So if this place is amazing, why do I only give it 4 stars? Well the produce here is always incredibly dirty. You have to wash your vegetables several times before it's even considered "edible." The lines also take a VERY long time. Don't find it uncommon when you are waiting a while to check out. Another thing that bugs me here is that everyone assumes that I can speak Korean. I am not Korean, I'm Chinese. Why do everyone think a Chinese man is can speak Korean? Do we look alike or something?
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,6/16/2013,180,306,4,5,4>TAKE...MY...MONEY! This is exactly what a gastronomer dreams about when it comes to a Mom and Pop burger joint. Friend of mine local to the area suggested it for a lunch stop while we were out doin guy stuff. Said "you gotta try this burger joint". Now normally when someone says that, I wave them off with a "so you think you know a good burger" bit of arrogance... but then he added "Alton Brown featured it on The Best Thing I Ever Ate". He had my attention. How I missed this little gem, I know not, but I will certainly return and bring friends!You pull up to this unassuming little structure that appears to have been a single bay service station in its heyday. They've recently added a Food Network banner, but I'd be braggin' to with that kind of respect.Walk into the joint and you have a smattering or antique wood tables and a couple two seaters. Doesnt seat more than about 20 or so. Order up at the counter, behind which are the flat top grills lovingly toasting that texas toast they use for buns. The scents emanating from this place are pure heaven, but I digress. Simple menu of breakfast on one side, burgers on the other. Alton recommended the Slaw Burger, but I have to recommend the Big Daddy (loaded burger with chili and a fried egg). Fries are good, but the onion rings are AWESOME. Perfectly crisped and not an ounce of oil.You're gonna need napkins, lots of em. This delectable amalgam of flavors like to slip and drip all over the place. But get in there, you're a rare breed if you dont Hoover the thing!
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,6/15/2013,148,167,4,5,4>Everything was awesome, we arrived a little after 2 and didnt have to wait long for a table.  Had the fried green tomatoes for an app, I enjoyed them.  My mother really liked the biscuits and apple butter!!!  And my sister enjoyed her Chicken and Waffle.  Overall we had a great experience, I gave 5 stars even though my pancakes were a little over done but they quickly brought me another order.  We will definitely be returning here again.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,6/14/2013,87,44,6,13,9>Living in Alpharetta, I feel that it often gets overlooked as far as events go. But, there have been many new shops and restaurants that have opened up in downtown Alpharetta, which I love seeing. I always hear about the food truck parks in Atlanta, but it's not as easy to venture that far out. This is why I was so excited to hear about the Food Truck Alley coming to downtown Alpharetta!I've been able to try several food trucks that I haven't been able to before, and I love the variety  of trucks at the event. Happy Belly is definitely a favorite truck, and they've got the ordering process down. Go for the fries at Yumbiii if they're there. You won't be disappointed.  Stay away from overpriced cupcakes. I also love the community involvement with this event. They are on top of things on Facebook,  letting you know which trucks to expect, and often have contests offering lucky winners a free meal. In addition to the trucks, they also have live music from local artists.  Last week they had several young adults play from the School of Rock, which I thought was brilliant. What a great way to promote the school, and it was so much fun to see everyone play, and show off what they've learned. Keep it up, Alpharetta! More of this, please.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,6/12/2013,392,475,6,6,5>Sunday afternoon post-church. Headed north on PIB wondering where to go that might not be overrun by the after-church crowd. Remembered some Yelping about pizza in this area that might be worth a look-see-taste. Also, wanted to settle in and watch da Falcons bust the Giants while lifting shoveling pie (a most worthy Sunday afternoon activity). We were invited to sit where we wanted to, so we did: far, far from the two tables full of kid noise and smack in front of a big screen. Our server was friendly, prompt, and efficient (meaning she did not, even once, position herself between the TV and my eyes). We ordered a 12 inch with four toppings plus two colas. About 15 minutes later, the pie came, literally steaming. It looked great, with even distribution of ingredients. The one disappointment was a scarcity of roma tomato slices. Black olive pieces were abundant, the ground beef coverage was generous, and mushroom slices were plentiful. I liked the cheese, which had good stringiness and was very smooooooth. Although I ate the crust all the way through the heel (char was perfect), I do like a little more yeasty flavor to it. At the end, the total came to $19.85- a great price!  Dessert: Falcons 34, Giants -zip- Outstanding!
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,6/11/2013,265,275,3,9,4>I love coming here for lunch.For good unlimited Sushi and Nigiri at $20ish bucks a pop, it's definitely worth it. My boyfriend and I will sometimes dine at other sushi joints and pay 2x or 3x more, be disappointed in our food and experience, and think, man...should have just gone to Nori Nori instead.Their buffet is kept very clean-- a HUGE factor for me, especially when it comes to sushi. I have witnessed staff constantly switching out the tongs, wiping the buffet tables, and consistently keeping their food area appealing. They offer a large selection of creative sushi rolls but also have a great salad, hot bar, and dessert options. Here's a secret: check out their chef stations on the end of the buffet. Options range from freshly prepared udon seafood soup to hibachi seafood and custom crepes for dessert.Finish your meal with their popular green tea ice cream. Mix it with just a tad of vanilla for some sweetness!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,6/10/2013,160,534,3,6,5>It's rare when you can literally be in and out of a store in under 60 seconds with a smile, especially when you're walking in with a bunch of unknowns.I ordered something on Amazon that was damaged and needed to return it, which i'd never needed to do before.  So I printed out the stuff I needed to, headed to the UPS store, and walked in with a big box in hand and an apparent look of confusion because the guys there welcomed me, made sure the paperwork and return postage was where it needed to be, taped my box up for me and printed off my receipt.My reply to all that?  "That's it?"  His response?  "That's it...have a great day sir".I don't know when their busy hours are (this was around 12:30pm on a Friday), but from my experience, they get 5 stars from me!
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,6/9/2013,467,559,9,9,6>"We've got a wood-burning pizza oven in the garden - a luxury, I know, but it's one of the best investments I've ever made."Gwyneth PaltrowI knew I liked Gwyneth Paltrow when I first saw her gluteus maximus in the movie "Shallow Hal", now I have found another reason to continue to stalk her, our mutual love of wood burning pizza ovens.Enter Campania, stage left.Less then a week in business and Campania has a new fan! Campania brings a solid Neapolitan pizza offering to the burbs. The wood burning oven plays center stage here, as you watch the pizzas being made and dutifully watched over. The Margherita pizza was terrific. Campania offers a simple menu of classic Neapolitan pizzas, salads, appetizers. Service is focused and friendly, with the owners very involved in the operation. Full bar, italian beers on draft, good wine choices. Prices are very fair in both food and drink. A sharp looking restaurant which would make for a great romantic spot if not for all the children running around. I can say this because i have three mini yelpers of my own, and appreciate family friendly places as well as fine dining.  While not the fault of the restaurant, the atmosphere, food, and service would be appreciated even more if there was less kid banter filling up the place. C'mon parents, take the kids to Cici's, and save Campania for your date night!.....And my date night with Gwyneth Paltrow
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,6/8/2013,70,59,4,10,7>This was not an establishment that I would have sought out based on the cuisine (American Classic),  but it was serendipity that brought us here (we won 2nd place in the photo contest at the Yelp Elite event at their "sister" restaurant RedSky, which included a gift card for Baked) but it was the fried chicken that will bring us back.Wen we placed our order we were told that if we could wait  about 20 minutes they would have a fresh piping hot batch of fried chicken ready ... Who can say no to fresh hot fried chicken - I can't.S we ordered two side salads and the fried chicken with sides of Brussel Sprouts and Mac N Cheese. In a matter of minutes the salads were out, and yummy! A nice collection of greens, tomatoes, with a healthy handful of bacon bits (bacon is health food isn't it?) and hard boiled eggs accompanied by their house dressing - a delightful roasted garlic balsamic vinaigrette.  This was by far one of the nicest and tastiest side salads I have ever had.Then came the chicken - I have never seen a piece of fried chicken (it was the breast quarter) with such a uniform and delightfully thick golden brown breading in my life.  Too hot to hold in my fingers when served - I had to break into it with a fork - and that delightful fried chicken smell rose with the steam... Just so moist - this was the star of the meal. And the Brussel Sprouts were also very well done with lots of deep caramelization that brings out the real taste of this delightful mini cabbage.All in all quite a nice surprise, and highly worthy of a repeat visit !
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,6/7/2013,231,352,3,9,4>Bambu opened their doors today for the first time in Georgia! Ecstatic. Gonna try and keep this review short.It is definitely clear that this is a joint for desserts and drinks. The main focus is on "Vietnamese che," translated meaning "dessert." There are a total of 24 "che" selections on the menu to choose from. Aside from the "che," the menu is extensive and offers milk teas, hot drinks, cold drinks, blended coffee drinks, and smoothies. Beware that "che" is a very filling dessert so have some room!  I've yet to try any of the drinks, but my friend and I went straight for the "che." We both tried the (1) Bambu Special [coconut, pandan jelly, longan, basil seed, coconut juice] and (3) Che 3 Mau [red, white, and mung bean; taro, pandan jelly, coconut milk]. They were delish! My friend has never tried Vietnamese che before so it was an experience for her, but she liked it. The decor is very BAMBU, hence the name. It's clean and simple. I wish there were more seating for customers to hang out and chill considering it's a desserts/drinks joint. Service was exceptional. Other than that, no complaints. I'll definitely be back for more che and to try out the drinks.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,6/6/2013,0,203,2,18,9>Cheap for one thing.  The lunch buffet is 6.99, which seems way less expensive than other Indian lunch buffets I've been to recently.  I liked everything I had, good level of spicy, decent variety, and yet not so much that I overdid it as I often do at Indian lunch buffets.  And it included goat curry, which you don't see at most of them.  Noted that there were a lot of Indian people here for lunch, so that's always a good sign.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,6/5/2013,454,253,,5,4>Not your usual Mediterranean restaurant, walking into Zoës Kitchen provides a visual mid-century modernist treat from first approach, featuring modernist orange colors and hanging white-sphere pendant lights right at the entrance (it's very "fresh and hip"). At Zoës you order at the counter from several items on a menu board that include most of what you would expect from a good Greek restaurant (not to say that the flavors are strictly Greek, but rather a more casual mix of Mediterranean with many more fresh salad and fruit offerings). The people at the counter are very knowledgeable about the food they serve, and if you're watching your calories they have an "Under 500" menu with selections calculated to be under 500 calories. Prices are reasonable if not downright cheap and your food is delivered by the very nice staff in record time (at least at lunch - I've eaten there several times at lunch and the service was extremely fast - your experience could vary at other times). Drink dispensers are readily available to the right of the counter along with utensils and napkins.I've mostly stuck with a single item while eating here, the Under 500 Chicken Kabobs (white meat chicken on skewers with cherry tomatoes), served with a dry Greek salad (romaine, feta, red onion, kalamata olives - I add fresh squeezed lemon) and a cup of fresh fruit. I've read some of the previous comments and have found the chicken to be very moist and hot and all vegetables to be very fresh (no browning at all). Also, if you're watching your salt content then Zoës Kitchen seems to be on the very-low salt content side of things - that might be why there are some comments about the food lacking flavor. If you're used to most of the Greek restaurants you find in Atlanta you find a flavor-shift here due to the low sodium. Taste the food, not the salt, I say. My dining companions have gotten a variety of dishes ranging from pasta salad, soup, hummous, other salads and meats including the jiro wrap and have all raved about the quality and inexpensive pricing.The restaurant is relatively new to the area but offers exactly what the busy lunch-time crowd who work nearby needs - good healthy food served quickly. The only negative I've found is the parking situation right in front is rather competitive - however there's usually plenty of parking to the right of the short-strip in front of REI. I could see many from REI visiting this place, as well as members of the LA Fitness across the street (I frequent both). The ceilings are high so you would think it would be noisier when full, but I've found it still quiet enough for casual conversation. I don't remember any alcohol on the menu. The lunch line can appear long during peak times (pretty much to the door), but it seems to move quickly. Overflow for seating can sit outside at covered tables.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,6/4/2013,168,202,22,31,29>So glad I stumbled across this place.  It's situated off to the side of a little strip mall near the intersection of Delk Road and Powers Ferry.  It was pretty empty on this occasion, which I was thankful for.  The menu is relatively simple - salad, burrito, taco, bibimbap.  That's pretty much it.  I ordered the bibimbap with chicken, mushrooms, spinach, broccoli, and zucchini (the chicken was extra).  Served over brown or white rice with the sauce of your choice (I ditched the rice on my second trip here to make it a little healthier).  I went with the house medium sauce + a little teriyaki.  I approve of this combination.  Ooh, also ordered some miso soup.  You have the option of getting with or without green onions and tofu.  With please.  While this is a far cry from the best bibimbap I've ever had, I don't think that is what this place is going for.  It's fast, cheap, and a decent healthy choice in an area where similar options are limited. This is a fast casual concept, so kind of like an assembly line.  Once you've selected everything you like, they take it back to the kitchen to grill.  And a few minutes later...voila.  All done.Staff were super friendly and eager to provide recommendations and answer questions.  Special shout out to the guy who took my order (I'm pretty sure he was the owner) for giving me a free sample of the cinnamon ginger tea.  Great flavor, but quite sweet - be prepared for that.  Apparently he was so glad that I enjoyed it, he upgraded my mouthwash size free sample cup to a full 8 oz cup for free.  I love that guy.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,5/31/2013,75,190,4,6,4>I think this place is due for an update from me.I've had some pretty bad experiences here when the place was still Lime, but whatever changes they have made over the last 2 years, they've been for the better.There are really two main reasons to come here:1) The tacos - go for the 3 taco meal.  The tacos are small, but the whole plate is still filling.  Yes, there are cheaper taco places around, but I think these tacos are well worth the money.  Plus, this place often participates in Scoutmob and various other online offers, so you can always get a pretty good deal.  We ate there not too long ago and ended up paying only $10 for dinner thanks to Scoutmob (incl drinks).2) The drinks - lots of variety, not watered down.  Really tasty and creative.  Can't go wrong.The service has greatly improved.  My guess is that they've undergone some sort of management change, but like I said... the change was well worth it.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,5/30/2013,290,172,7,8,5>Who's Got Soul?!?!?   Apparently I do, because I was throwing down in this restaurant like I hadn't eaten in days!!!So I went here because my boyfriend knows I love some good southern food: I'm talking fried chicken doused in hot sauce of course, ribs, corn, mashed potatoes, green beans, mac and cheese, cobblers, banana puddings.....the list goes on!Well what a place to go to get it all. I had the fried chicken with a side of mac n cheese and green beans, and my bf had the fried whiting with a side of mashed potatoes, green beans and mac n cheese.   We also got the banana pudding for dessert which was awesome!This restaurant is a little mom and pop type of place, so don't expect much in terms of ambience, location or WOW! I mean to be honest, the place itself is more like a hole in the wall, with dingy lighting, like 3-4 booths to sit in, and the size of my walk in closet (okay, just kidding, maybe a bit bigger).   LoL!But who cares about all that right? You just want to ensure that your tummy stops grumbling, you get your dose of butter and carbs for the day, and move on with life.Well I loved the food here, and will definitely go back for seconds.....and you should do the same!!   Go get yourself some "Soul" brothers and sisters....   ;)
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,5/29/2013,15,113,6,6,4>Was driving by and decided to sit a spell..yep I said a spell. This place reminded me of home, Mississippi home. Customer service was amazing, I got a hug ya'll!!  That alone brought this review up to a five vs the four I was leaning toward. Ordered a combo meal of ribs and chopped pork with two sides. OMG on the Brunswick stew..what the hell is in that? Love??? I need love like that in my life on the regular.The ribs were good, a little bit dry but good. The chopped pork was also dry but again good..lol I dipped it in the sauce so it was moist going down.  I had plenty leftovers (eyes were bigger than my belly it seems)Small place so don't go expecting not to overhear your neighbors conversation or heck being friendly with your neighbor. I'll be back!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,5/28/2013,11,128,,6,6>One of those places you'll kick yourself for having avoided for years years, Caribbean Fiesta will delight you with terrific jerk chicken and sides.1st star - One of those places I wished I'd never skippedEver drive past a restaurant over the years and, every time, think to yourself, "I should really give that place a try." And then you don't? And those years add up? And when you finally go, that one time, you discover that it's really good? And then you kick yourself for having blown so many opportunities to enjoy it in the years leading up to the moment this realization hit?This is one of those places.2nd star  - Simple friendly serviceWalk into Caribbean Fiesta and get in line.  You'll be there for about 2 minutes if it's slow.  The ladies behind the counter will ask what you want, and they'll answer questions about anything behind the sneeze guard.  Don't hesitate to inquire about what's what, 'cause not everything is labeled.Pay for your meal at the counter, making sure to get a drink for the spicy foods -- there's a fountain for sodas, tea dispensers, and two (2) fridges full of Caribbean themed bottled drinks that you won't find in a QT.That's it -- your food awaits.3rd and 4th stars - Jerk chicken sans all the bonesOn my first visit, I snagged the $10 meat and two (2) sides -- jerk chicken, dirty rice, and stewed cabbage.  The rice had a really good flavor, and they'll ask you if  you want "gravy" from the jerk chicken -- don't say no.  The stewed cabbage had a good flavor as well.  Don't shy away from it -- cabbage is good for ya.That leaves the jerk chicken.  I've eaten at Calypso Cafe in downtown Atlanta, and I usually enjoy their food.  The only thing that turns me away?  The bones.  The jerk chicken has bones.  The stewed goat has bones.  Everything has bones.Not the case at Caribbean Fiesta -- the jerk chicken was pulled off the bone with a nice jerk seasoning crust, a little peppery.  Had a nice bit of latent heat / spice, but nothing overwhelming.  I could also taste a little charcoal / grill in the meat, which was really nice.  The chicken ended with a nice latent heat / spice.  Nothing terrible, but be careful if you're heading back to work.Lost 5th star - Slightly expensive for lunchFor this quality of food, I'm willing to pay, particularly given the portions.  Still, $12 - $13 for lunch (meat, 2 sides, and a fountain drink) is a little high.Regardless, those prices won't keep me from going back to Caribbean Fiesta.  I avoided it for too many years already.  Don't make the same mistake.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,5/27/2013,204,194,2,2,2>This is the second Indian restaurant I've tried in the greater Atlanta area.  I was very pleased with this one.  The Palace had a far superior décor and table service to any other Indian restaurant I've ever been to.  The waiter was very professional and proper and my water glass never even came close to being empty.As with many Indian restaurants, we were served the standard complimentary rolled papadums with the trio of chutneys (perhaps mint, tamarind, and onion?).  We also ordered some meat samosas as an appetizer which were particularly good.  For those that do not know, samosas are pastries that are stuffed with a savory filling, in our case ground seasoned lamb with peas.Normally, I would order Chicken Tikka Masala (which my wife did), but I decided to try the Chicken Makhani which admittedly shares a lot in common with Chicken Tikka Masala.  As per our usual, we ordered ours with naan rather than rice.  Wow.  Both of our dishes were absolutely delicious - very flavorful and robust.  The naan was also superior to most of the Indian places I have tried.I'd love to come here again to try some more of their menu items.  Nicely done!
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,5/26/2013,23,311,2,3,2>It's been more than two dozen revisits. We love to bring our out-of-town friends here.  And I'm always planning my next visit.  So after putting The Counter on two of my Yelp lists, it dawned on me I'd been stingy with my praise.  They've ruined me for all other burgers.  And fries.  And shakes!  So they deserve my full five star kudos for sure.  Now if only they'd bring back the red velvet cake shakes.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,5/25/2013,178,660,3,10,6>A mandir is a Hindu place of worship, which also serves as a center for community social, educational, cultural and religious activities. This beautiful temple in Lilburn is  a great place to escape the pressures of daily life and take some time to relax and reflect.Entering the complex by car, check in with a security guard and leave your name. There's plenty of parking in front of the impressive structure made from Turkish limestone, Italian marble and Indian pink sandstone. According to their site, over 34,000 individual pieces were hand carved in India and shipped to the US!There is an audio guide available for $5 in the Gift and Book Shop, but informational signs are also there to explain the details of some of the carvings. Ornately carved wooden doors protect the inner sacred shrines. Those inner doors are open only 9:00 am - 10:30 am; 11:15 am - 12:00 pm; 4:00 pm - 6:00 pm. Outside, on the ground level in front of the temple is a large reflecting pool, filled by a row of spouting elephants. Colorful flower plantings and marble benches line the opposite side of the pool.There are many special events and ceremonies, in addition to weekly music classes and language/culture classes for kids. Check the website for details. Note: Since this is a place of worship, when visiting, clothing must cover shoulders and knees. If you need one, wraps are provided.  Also on the grounds is a vegetarian restaurant and sweets shop, BAPS Shayona. They have a small menu of snacks and light meals.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,5/24/2013,32,64,5,5,3>My Taiwanese-American beau officially converted to a Korean-food lover. And what do men love? MEAT. Lots and lots of it.  I like to pretend that I'm girly and not eat too much, but who am I kidding.. I love me some meeeeeeeeat (in moderation, of course).We tried several other places, but this is his favorite place. Good quality, fresh $14.99 all-you-can-eat beef brisket and 4 different kinds of pork belly to choose from.. can't get any better than this. My friend (Hi Sooji K.!) advised that some people don't like how strong the garlic flavor is in the garlic marinated pork belly, but I love garlic. Sadly, I didn't have enough room to try the wine, bean paste, or the regular thin sliced pork belly.What I loved about this place was the service.. we came in at 11:30 p.m. when the closing time was 1:00 a.m. on a Saturday night.  The servers were attentive but not overbearing. I think the actual owner came by and he was really friendly.  I loved that it wasn't loud and dark as the other super popular Korean AYCE places. And the beau's fave: the endless rice cake wraps. I think the other reviewers said everything else that needs to me said about this place.  We won't be going to another Korean AYCE BBQ place again.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,5/23/2013,31,69,2,2,2>This review is for the burger and fries only. Unfortunately, I have not had the pleasure of actually going to the restaurant itself. Some awesome friends of mine just so happened to bring me a surprise while I was at work. I had been looking forward to trying this place and didn't realize that it had it's soft opening so it was a surprise, indeed! My favorite part of the burger was the bun and of course the cheese! The bun was soft and pliable while still holding up to the messiness of the burger. The meat was nice and tender and the cheese tasted to be of good quality. I really liked how it had 2 thinner patties as opposed to one thick one because it helps protect against the hockey puck effect. The fries seemed to be fresh and possibly hand cut. I look forward to trying more and actually visiting the place and experiencing the service. An update is to come.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2012,5/22/2013,115,262,1,3,5>I had a great time here. The seats were comfy and the food trays were fairly unobtrusive. I was distracted from the movie only minimally by what was going on around me. Staff is trained to be as silent and unobtrusive as possible. Meals were hot and served quickly. Drinks were good. Prices are high for what's essentially "bar food" but it's a good value compared to traditional theater fare. You can easily spend the same amount on soda and popcorn, but it's a lot more fun to have a burger or personal pizza delivered to your seat!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,5/21/2013,315,451,4,7,4>I arrived with my boyfriend's sister for a little girls' night out dinner kinda thing and we were met by a pretty dead place for a Saturday night. It was about 8 pm and there were about 2 other tables of people in the whole restaurant. What can I expect for the neighborhood, right?Anyway, we were whisked to a table near the windows (for a great view of Buford Hwy! haha) and a friendly man with a thick Hispanic accent took our orders for water and gave us time to peruse the menu. I was tempted by the plethora of Latin cuisine, like arepas (Colombian, rather than Venezuelan, corn cakes), tostones (fried plantains), maicitos (corn dish), Latin-style hamburgers and hot dogs, and tortas. Ultimately, I settled on the ajiaco, a hearty, Colombian chicken soup, since the website claimed that it was only available on the weekends. My sister-in-law went with the same choice.We did not wait long before huge bowls of soup with chunks of different potatoes and corn came out. The nice server brought us creme fraiche/sour cream and capers to stir in. I was light-handed with the cream, but only because I watch what I eat. The soup was wonderful, but what really surprised us was when he brought us out plates with white rice, tomato/lettuce salad, and avocados to accompany our soup. When I eyeballed the extra sides, I had to convince myself that I could not eat everything. I managed to eat half the rice, but the avocado slices all went down.I wish the place was livelier (but alas, this is not Miami and the Hispanic community here has a slightly different culture) but the food is worth returning for. We both vowed that we'd come back, most likely to try the arepas and tostones.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,5/20/2013,85,207,3,4,4>Cafe 33 was an impromtu choice, as I was looking for a place to have breakfast with a friend who was celebrating her birthday. This was a wise choice and we both were pleased.For me it was a bit of a hike living in Mableton and these gas prices.. but was worth it for friendship:-) We arrived at 9:30am, seated ourselves but were acknowledged by a very friendly staff. Cafe 33 has 2 levels, one being private for more business level style seating, its tucked away upstairs. The decor is warm, not cozy but still clean and nice.Placing an order is different, you glance over the menu, then proceed to the counter to order, foods are prepared fresh and mostly homemade. The restaurant is family owned and the wait staff are prepared to answer any questions or concerns one may have. The downstairs seating area is small but not tight, its comfortable. After your order is placed you return to your table and our order was out in about 5 mins. We both had hot herbal teas, Sheri had a very large bowl of oatmeal with a side of milk and blueberries. I had originally chosen (in advance from an online menu) the chicken apple panini with homemade kettle chips, but since Sheri wanted breakfast, I changed my mind and ordered, vanilla yogurt (large bowl) with granola (lots and LOTS of granola :-), a side of bacon (2 strips) and one fried egg, well.We both were stunned at the size of the bowls...LOL..oh they are surely "mega"...I like that though. I'd say from the usual breakfast standpoint Cafe 33;'s portions are twice the size in terms of items served in bowls. Well, I finished my meal but Sheri couldn't down all that oatmeal, she crushed the blueberries though! Several times our waitress and another lady (family friend who makes all the deserts) came by our table to make sure we were accomodated, this was nice and we were. The cashier also stopped by a couple of times. The family friend told us a litle about the history of Cafe 33 and the owner (who was also present)....He welcomed us back upon our departure. The staff really went beyond in making sure our experience was a pleasant one and for that extra step, they get a 5 star from me.I've gotta come back for that chicken apple panini :-). I forgot to mention, I think I noticed a drive-thru service too.... Support small businesses !
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,5/19/2013,41,112,3,8,7>How do you get excited about cafeteria food?  And how does a cafeteria actually get "buzz"?  I decided to find out for myself - I can walk to this place from home, but I've been traumatized by an 84-year-old mother who always wants Piccadilly and I could not believe that it was any better.  How could this be any better?Well first, the food was very solid.  The food line was appealing and employees were welcoming.  I had my favorite, country steak and rice, with cabbage.  And a biscuit.  And real iced tea.  It was all good and I wanted more.  It was nothing like the usual cafeteria experience of joyless chewing and swallowing.  But that was not what really won me over; it was the really sweet girls waiting on customers and keeping my tea glass full (which was especially impressive seeing how small the glass was and how thirsty I was).  They positively hustled, smiling all the time.  They took one old customer's plate and threw it in the microwave, just to make sure it was hot enough.  The cashier (probably close to Mom's age) was an angel.  All the customers seemed to know here and love her.  And the dining area was brand new and spotless.Some say that Matthews is the place around Tucker for home cooking, but others in the know think it has slipped.  S & S, on the other hand, is going strong, and lacks the nasty chairs and tables.  If home cooking is what you seek, S&S is what you should try.  I'm glad I did.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,5/18/2013,910,392,2,8,7>This is a review for breakfast only. Really good breakfast. Same price as McDonald's, but you get twice as much food and better quality. The line was to there door and inside all the tables were taken. The drive through was wrapped around as well. I got the sausage egg biscuit and a country ham egg biscuit. I will be coming back. Its a pretty simple thing to make so they get you in and out. Really wasn't that long of a wait after I ordered.They also have plate lunches. Lots of people were ordering the biscuits and gravy. Probably will try that next time.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,5/17/2013,2,216,2,4,3>We drove so far OTP that we ended up on the square in Maryetta. Save time when you get there to walk around the square. So sorry we did not have the time. We had lunch here at the Taq Tsu and it was fabulous. Started with the edamame app. and it was different,delicious, and cheap..3.50$. I had the salad with lettuce, corn,tomatoe,onion,avacado(on the side so my friend could eat it), and grilled shrimp. I opted for the southwest ranch dressing. Friend had shrimp taco,asian beef and salad taco and Jalepino cheese tots. She loved, loved her lunch espeially the tot side. Both meals were 8.50$ Total with tip and water was 25$. Pricey for lunch but top quality. I really want to return to this square and explore and eat. btw...food was excellent as was the service.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,5/16/2013,57,56,7,8,9>Somehow, through the wiles of our OTP community manager, I found myself tasked with organizing the second UYE in our OTP breakfast club.  Side note, you should join us at our next event.  Anyway, I asked around for a great brunch place in Roswell, and this seemed like a good suggestion.  I checked the menu for pancakes to be sure, and promptly scheduled the event.Be warned, this place can be a madhouse for brunch, especially on Sunday.  I called to make a reservation, and a very harried sounding server did simply tell me 'Good Luck' when I told him of our party size.  I came early and they actually were able to accomodate my request within 30 minutes, at a very nice table near the front.  I do recommend calling ahead, but I wager you'll be ok if you're not with some large party of 8 or more.The restaurant itself is a small affair, situated in a strip mall in Olde Town Roswell.  Parking specifically for the strip was limited, but there was enough nearby parking that I believe everyone can be accomodated fairly well.  Inside the cafe is a rather nice affair, with a central bar surrounded by nice tables.  The large party table was an outstanding wooden one with plenty of space for 8.  I thought the decor quite nice and the chairs quite comfortable.Now, when you say breakfast or brunch, you will find me a pancake man.  I may have caused some minor commotion by raving about how I wanted my pancakes, so we all shared a stack courtesy of the aforementioned illustrious community manager.  Oak Street Cafe's buttermilk pancakes are delicious, well and freshly made, and do not need to be loused with powdered sugar.  The flavor is good enough they do not require fruit, and I believe everyone without exception agreed.I did order an omelette, with ham, red peppers, and cheddar, as well as a side of roasted potatos.  I was going to add a side of bacon, but instead opted for another short stack of pancakes since they were about the same price.  If you're keeping track, yes, I gorged myself.  All in the name or reviewing more food for you.The omelette was of good quality, substantial but not exceptional.  I enjoyed the potato side, but ended up sampling another Yelper's side of yogurt and granola and wishing I had gone with that.  Then I delved into a sample of another side, the chicken-apple sausage, which I had wanted to order but acquiesed when Helena W. ordered it.  Truly this was exceptional!  (The sausage, I mean.  And Helena too.)  This was the true masterpiece of the establishment, and if I were them, I would give it center stage in the menu.  For more detail, read Helena W.'s review, as she has written an ode to this excellent dish.Overall, this is a nice place, family owned, with some really good food, and people know it.  I deem it worthy to fight the crowd to get yourself a stack of pancakes and a side of chicken-apple sausage.  I mean, order what you want, but don't be upset when you see me at another table with ecstasy written on my face as I enjoy mine.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,5/15/2013,8,212,3,6,3>This review about the food (it was brought into work...so can't comment on the service.However...I've always been a fan of one of their competitors (ok, I'll say it: Einstein Bros).  But, several years ago (at least 5 or 6 years ago now) Einstein discontinued their maple-raisin-walnut 'smear', which was my favorite.   Well, I'm happy to report that Bagel Brothers has a very similar cream cheese...my mouth dropped when I saw it.  I had it on a honey-wheat bagel that was awesome.  While I'm still a fan of Einstein's, looks like I've found the perfect place to get my maple-raisin-walnut cream cheese fix!!   I'll definitely be going by Bagel Boys soon to see what other bagel & coffee flavors they have (and if they have both blueberry bagels and a vanilla hazelnut coffee, then I'll be in heaven).  We'll see!But based on what I ate today, they get 5 stars!!!!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,5/14/2013,435,199,2,5,2>I have had food at this location for some time . I don't know how many years. Mainly to go and catering . I decided to go in for lunch break . This place is not fancy at all it's sum what a order pay and a food runner service place. This place is Very solid for there BBQ and there sides. I usually get the BBQ pork or chicken sandwich with a side of okra and Mac and cheese. The smoked meats are very moist and tender . The okra is cooked to order cause it was very hot. Mac and cheese is decently not from a box.  There BBQ sauce is to dye for. I personally like there hot style sauce . They also have few non BBQ items like the chili dogs and and homemade smoked sausage sliders.I notice a line at the register during lunch around 1230ish . So if you are getting to go call a head .Over all great place for good southern BBQ and excellent fast service from the cashier to the food servers .
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,5/13/2013,87,244,2,7,2>I've been here twice. Once was with a group of friends for a ladies night out, and the other was with my two year old son. I wasn't sure how my experience would differ with having a child there, but it was just as good with him there.They have amazing food. Seriously, some of the best food I've had in a while. My son enjoyed the cheese flatbread and we were there on a Tuesday night, so it was 1/2 off wine and flatbreads. Here's what I've had:The braised short ribs (so delicious)- tastes like pot roast and is to tender and juicy.Beer battered Shrimp- it was good, but not something I'd order again.Seared scallops- absolutely a must-order item! The combination of truffle oil and asparagus is incredible.Spinach and ricotta flatbread- a must order item! Delicious and filling.Grilled asparagus- delicious and a nice smoky flavorHomemade Chips- this is a BIG order and it's really yummy. Fish and chips- really light and flaky, tarter sauce is yummy, and the chips are great too!Tzatziki spread as a starter (so good)! You must try this as your starter!Spinach Salad- it was good, but not a must-order item.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,5/12/2013,336,485,2,6,6>So, after my review of Scissor Hand, it was a no brainer that I needed to get my hair fixed. I went to a few other places, but the stylists that my friends had recommended were not available, so per my boyfriend's recommendation, I decided to come here. I walked in, and explained what had happened to Tom, and he immediately knew how to help me. He showed me all the areas he was going to improve, and explained everything he was doing rather than leaving me clueless. He was great to talk to as well. It eased the "awkwardness" of getting my hair fixed when we had so many other things to talk about :] It helps that we have a mutual interest in cars, and we both happen to be alumni of the same high school, although he graduated a year or two before I got there.Anyway, I felt extremely comfortable, and Tom was a lot more graceful and gentle trimming my hair than at Scissor Hand. Although I only get my hair cut once a year, maybe twice, depending on how I feel, I think I finally found a regular spot I want to get my hair done at. I'll probably be back in the summer when I plan to dye my hair a bit differently than how it is now.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,5/11/2013,53,212,2,5,3>This park has so much for everyone's needs.  I live in east cobb and I make the trip here to walk the park's trail a few times a month with my kids.  It has a horse area, dog park, pool, ball fields, tennis courts, disc course, multiple playgrounds, and walking trails.  What I love the most about this park is it's multitude of bathrooms.  As a walker and a father bringing multiple young children having plenty of bathrooms is a plus.  And for public bathrooms they are VERY clean.  I'm not sure if this is a county or city park but who ever owns it is doing a top notch job.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,5/10/2013,149,208,7,10,7>I'm so excited to have discovered this trail through In It to Thin It (Thanks, Heidi P.!).  This trail is conveniently located close to 75 and 285 in NW Atlanta.  Each end of the trail has parking.  The Chattahoochee River National Recreation Area side offers plenty of parking for $3.  The Bob Callan side of the trail has a small parking lot, but parking is free on this end.This is a great trail because it is paved the entire way and is very scenic.  Loved all of the bridges.  We started on the Chattahoochee side.  The first half of the trail is relatively flat.  There were lots of people walking with their dogs and families riding bikes.  Hills start about halfway through.  I almost passed out when I saw the first one because I wasn't expecting any hills.  I should have read the reviews first so I would be prepared.  The hills offer a nice little workout even if you are walking.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,5/9/2013,29,92,4,8,4>There is another treat your feet nearby, I just noticed that I accidentally posted this review there:Check their website for discount coupons, print out one per person. People keep posting $25.00 for one hour, I have always paid $30.00 unless it's before 3 pm Monday thru Friday WITH a coupon. Either way they do it right in a clean and relaxing atmosphere. Next time I may try a massage as they do the feet & neck wonderfully during the one hour deal.I went again last week (Feb. 2013) and they no longer have coupons. They have added the BELLY app to their website & at their locale as well. Now you check in and earn different rewards. They explained that this way they can track business better. Either way I'll keep going back. If you find a masseur that you like right down their name and request them each time you come. I WILL NOT TELL YOU WHO I REQUEST!Other 1 hour foot massage places only work for 50 minutes, I don't get that. If you post one hour foot massages then do what you say. This Treat your feet is the real deal, it's pretty, tranquil, upscale, friendly, clean and professional.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2013,5/8/2013,71,139,4,5,5>I always know that I'll get great food and great service at Goldberg's.  This is a quick, unassuming place that serves breakfast and lunch items all day long.  I love their potato latke enough that I had to go home and try to make them myself (and then return when my experiment failed!)  I usually get 2 poached eggs, the potato latke, and a sun-dried tomato bagel.  I think their bagels are authentic and some of the best around -- I don't even bother with cream cheese!  Accompany this with a bottomless cup of tasty coffee, and I'm more than set for the day.  One of my other favorites is the salmon salad (like tuna salad), and I love the lox, too (smoked salmon relative).  Many others get these large, lovely-looking sandwiches that someday I may venture to try if ever I tire of my breakfast favorites.  But honestly, I doubt I ever will!They have some really cheap take-out specials, and I often buy bagels to bring back home with me.  But buy them early in the day, before all the tasty ones sell out!
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,5/7/2013,135,258,2,3,3>SIP is a small restaurant in Milton (north Alpharetta).  They offer a great selection of wines and tapas.  You can find anything from bone marrow to a carnitas taco. I've tried the hummus plate and the cheese plate and both were wonderful.  (I also tried the bone marrow, it wasn't as bad as I imagined.  It tasted like well flavored mushy meat.  I know this is trending in a few restaurants, but it's not really my cup of tea.)The service is great and the atmosphere is comfortable.  (not dive bar comfortable, more like a place where you can grab good food and relax with a glass of wine)  A fun place to get dressed up for a date or a girls night out.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,5/6/2013,64,126,9,12,9>I don't normally go back to a place twice in a week. I had this place for lunch this past Friday and had it for dinner yesterday. My friend Ara had queued me into this place a few weeks ago, and finally had time to check it out on a Friday. It was so packed I had to wait a bit to grab a table. I ordered a soy bean drink, bun bo hue (spicy rice noodle soup), and grilled shrimp banh mi. Michael, the owner, told me that the soy bean drinks get freefills, or free refills. I love their soy bean drink. It's made with organic ingredients and I don't drink soy milk but I love soy bean drinks for some weird reason. My grilled shrimp banh mi came out first so I picked up a bottle of trusty sriracha and poured a couple lines on my sandwich. The shrimp was a bit dry, as another reviewer had mentioned. I didn't like that they used regular mayo. It was the white mayo, not the Vietnamese mayo-like substance that I'm used to and there just isn't enough shrimp for me. It was ok. I finished it all in the end. I got my bun bo hue not too long after, and I gotta say, I really like their bun bo hue. I like all the toppings that come with (blood cake, fish cake, beef rump round, and pig knuckles) and the staff was amazed that I finished my bun bo hue and my sandwich. I eat notoriously slow so it probably took me forty minutes to finish both but I did it. Michael had made some banana thai tea smoothies earlier, and he gave me a glass to sample. Michael and I discussed that probably more banana should be present in the smoothie but I really liked the flavors together. Banana gave it a sweet earthiness with the herbal thai tea that mingled very well together. It was really delicious and if it was warmer, I'd probably have gotten some to go. Michael got me a to go cup for my soy bean drink and I went about my day happy and full. I hadn't seen Superjjang in a while, so I suggested we hang out and grab some dinner at banh mi cafe. Kungfu came along for the grub but he was so skeptical about the banh mi just because I said I thought it was alright but I had to do further testing. The boys got their large pho and I got myself bun bo hue and a banh mi with sugar cane shrimp this time. I would probably say this banh mi is the best I've had there so far. I really like it. I mean, I love sugar cane shrimp, and it might have something to do with it (probably 100% why i love it) and it was mighty tasty. I liked the hoisin on there and I liberally applied sriracha on top. This time, the banh mi had the traditional Vietnamese mayo-like condiment. Just enough sugar cane in this sandwich. This sandwich cemented my determination to make this my new go to banh mi place after QH. Kungfu wasn't too happy with his pho because it had too much star anise and cinnamon for his taste. But that's all up to how one likes their pho, but in general, I thought the quality of the broth was good. Just too much spice for us. As we stuffed ourselves silly, we watched some parts of Edward Scissorhands. Nice touch. We were stuffed, the meal was cheap and I love their attentive service. I wish they were open 24/7 so I can visit this place even when I'm drunk :(
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,5/5/2013,140,186,3,5,4>Um. Kind of a big fan of this place. Why? Because I can stuff my face full of sushi and Thai food from the comfort of my couch without having to do anything but walk to the door and pay them. Free delivery with a $20+ order. Yesssssss. That gets you a star or two right there, buddy.The food is great. We have yet to eat at the actual restaurant, but we've ordered from them three times on lazy nights and it's always hit the spot. I've only tried the massaman curry, and it was really, really good. Could've used more cashews, but that's probably just a personal thing because no one ever gives me as much cashews as I want in this dish :) The flavor was perfect, the spice level I requested was perfect - the heat of the food didn't compete with the flavor. My husband has tried the basil rice and he liked it and finished it without any complaints, but he liked my dish better. I had a couple bites and even basil rice isn't really my thing, it didn't dissappoint.We have mostly been hung up on the sushi. We've had all kinds of rolls that I would list out, but it's probably more interesting to know that all deliveries have been of fresh, good sushi. They're not stingy, either. Nope. The rolls are large and packed with all good sushi things and not swaddled in mostly rice. This is bad, ya'll. I love sushi and Thai and I happen to like theirs plenty as far as OTP goes AND they deliver. This makes my lazy bone happy. Prices are comparable to other places, and I like them better than some of the fancy schmancy sushi joints. They were pretty busy one night so it took over an hour to get our order, but the other times it's been about 45 mins. No mistakes have been made in our orders, and they are really friendly on the phone.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,5/4/2013,7,85,2,3,2>At the beginning of the year I made a pledge to get my fat ass in shape and to exercise more and eat out less.  So far, I am doing a pretty good job of maintaining that goal and have seen improvements to my body and health.  Recently, I started a Couch to 5k program in the hopes of participating in a 5k in a few months.  I have enjoyed the lessons this far and decided to kick it up a notch and get actual running shoes (gasp!).  I drove over to BPRC during my lunch break with two expectations.  First, I knew I was going to pay $20 - $30 more at a running store than I could find online.  Secondly, I expected personalized service with a friendly face.   Happily, I can report that only one of my expectations came to fruition.  I walked into the store and headed straight for the back wall where they keep the majority (all?) of their different shoes and begin to peruse the selection.  A gentleman came out of the back and offered assistance, to which I declined as I was just looking.  Moments later a lady came up and offered assistance which I accepted as I had realized that I had no idea what the heck I was doing.  The sales lady (drats, didn't get her name) was extremely pleasant to deal with and guided me through a litany of different foot sizing tests.  I think I really put her through the ringer and tried on about 8 different pairs of shoes.  All the while she retained her smile and genuinely wanted to help me get into running.  She was extremely knowledgeable about the entire process and I felt like I was in good hands.  Once a shoe was selected she walked with me to the front to checkout.  I paid about what I expected to pay from a running store and wondered what these babies go for online.  After paying, she told me about their Monday evening runs, and I hope to join them in the future once I am in a little better shape.  When I got back to the office I looked up my shoes and I was shocked to find that they were less expensive at BPRC then I could find online!  That was a true shocker.  For a personalized experience and a personalized fit I highly recommend BPRC.  The only reason I am deducting a star is that I have not taken the shoes for a jog yet.  Once I do, this will be updated.  Bravo BPRC, Bravo.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,5/3/2013,12,57,,7,3>It seems that everything in Norcross square is made of gold. Some of the best restaurants in the city are here, and Paizanos is no exception. My wife and I went here for lunch today, and we were blown away. The interior has a nice, upscale feel to it business casual is perfectly acceptable.  There was plenty of seating around the restaurant, and it was bright and open inside. There are a few seats outside during the warmer months, but you will want to dine inside.The waitress was very attentive and professional. I ordered the eggplant parm, and my wife the manicotti. Both dishes came out hot out of the oven, and the portions were enormous for lunch. We originally thought it was a bit overpriced, but considering that we easily enough left over for a second meal, its right on par. The dishes had a lot of flavor, and the sauces were very fresh and well seasoned. We got cannolis to go (we were stuffed!) for dessert and they were quite wonderful too. A bit too sweet for my tastes - composed of sweetened marscapone, chocolate syrup, chocolate chips, and powdered sugar topping. It definitely satisfied my sweet tooth though.My wife I will be back many times now that we know about this place. I would eat here over some of the bigger Italian chain restaurants anytime, including Carrabbas, Ramanos,  Maggianos, and certainly Olive Garden. There is a magical quality about a small kitchen like this that doesn't translate well with scale.For those that want to chain your visit, there is a wonderful coffeeshop - 45 South within walking distance, or Iron Horse tavern right next door. You can really make quite the afternoon or evening out of your visit.Thanks to the cooks and the staff for providing us a wonderful experience!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,5/2/2013,30,507,5,6,5>Holy TV's, Batman!! Just when you thought competing with smart phones was a challenge when hanging with friends, try TV's that are only 3 feet apart that play EVERY sports channel known to man and the occassional, yet random, cartoon.This place has solid food, even after 10pm, which is rare to find in the 'burbs. The beer selection is impressive, the mixed drinks are strong and competitively priced and the waitresses aren't half naked shopping for their new sugar Daddy. There are plenty of pool tables, dart boards and random beer pong tables. We always walk in for a few beers and to catch a game and end up leaving hours later wondering where the time went. I am so glad there is a decent sports bar on Wade Green that is open late and not covered in KSU kids...yet.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,5/1/2013,51,304,3,5,5>We had  a late lunch here on a Friday afternoon and it was nothing less than scrumptious.  The pulled pork had a great consistency as well as smokiness and the sandwich came with a fair measure of bark.The Andouille sausage sandwich was embellished with onions and peppers  and went really well with their spicy sauce.  Loved the deep fried mac and cheese.  Loved the Brunswick stew.  Good fries as well.Sooooo we went back to try the Hog-A-Chong-A which involves pulled pork, Brunswick Stew, and other elements of the awesome universe and, get this,  is............Deep Fried!!!This is way better than much of the cue in the area.  We had great service from Robert.  I love it when a little BBQ place like this provides table service!The menu has a number of other items that we want to try- and try we will!  Especially the ribs!!!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,4/30/2013,62,133,2,6,3>This is one of my go-to places in Roswell.  I really love Lucky's.  It does fall short of a blow me out of the water experience, but let me explain.The burgers here are great.  I've always had my food done to perfection, I love the things like fries, loaded tots, burgers, and the patio environment is good too, it's just a warm neighborhood bar-burger joint that you just kinda fall in love with.  You'll see the owner floating around often, he's very interactive, and the service is very good here.  I also love that they are dog friendly, Lucky's is named after Lucky, the owner's dog.I would stop short on 5 star for a few things, first the TV situation really could be better - get an HD picture, and more TV and better situated..., and the bar area could be larger - to be more socially welcoming.  It's not your gathering spot kind of place because of this, it's not really a good place to catch a game, you really come here for the food, burger, and to bring your dog, if you so desire.  If you are looking for a sports bar this is not it, if you are looking for a large social experience plan on doing that on the patio.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,4/29/2013,150,120,5,11,9>OK, Local Republic has impressed me. I ordered one of their specials, a braised rabbit leg served with mash potatoes, string beans and gravy. The dish surpassed all expectations. The leg of rabbit arrived at my table in an immaculate state but with the slightest pressure from my fork the meat separated and slid off the bone! The potatoes were really good, creamy and with just the right amount of salt. The sting beans, cooked just the way I like them with a little crunch, providing contrast to the texture of the potatoes and the rabbit! I ordered the vanilla creme brulee and it was just as amazing as the first time I had it! (See my previous review for this place)5 starts for impressing me a second time around!
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,4/28/2013,309,376,2,3,2>This store is adorable! This is Ali's Cookies' second location, and it is just as good as the first (and not nearly as far of a drive!). This store is located by the Target shopping  center on Perimeter Center West (near Perimeter mall, the 285, and 400). It's a small location but daily offerings pack a punch. The cookies are big and moist, and there are some unusual (but delicious) flavors. Some of my faves include the mexican chocolate and the georgia peach.This cookie spot sells cookies by the half dozen or dozen (for an additional free cookie with every 6 purchased) or by the singles. You can also order cake pops or Giant Cookie Cakes (who doesn't love a giant cookie cake??) All in all a solid cookie joint, and an awesome addition to the neighborhood.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,4/27/2013,489,857,9,10,9>Even though Lucky Draw Tattoo has "tattoo" in its name, they do piercings as well. And that's the reason I went into Lucky Draw Tattoo, to get my prince albert done. Just kidding, I went in to take pictures of my friend getting her conch and tragus pierced.The place looks nice and clean inside. The person who did the piercing, Ashley, seemed friendly and informative. He explained what he was going to do and how it was going to feel. He seemed to follow good cleanliness by using fresh needles and sterilizing the body part and the area where the piercing was done. My friend is a female. And I noticed how Ashley, who is a male, did not try to touch her unless he was doing the actual piercing. For example, when my friend's hair was getting in they way, he didn't brush it away himself, he asked her or her friend to do it. I liked that because it gives off a comfortable and non-creepy environment. My friend said the piercings only pinched a little. So it didn't cause much pain. So it seems like he took good care of her. Even though I didn't get the piercing myself, I liked how everything had a friendly, warm, and comfortable environment.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,4/26/2013,69,313,3,3,3>Ever since our Beloved Eastside closed, we stumbled upon Brooklyn Joes and have been very satisfied. I absolutely love their spinach salad, with the warm bacon dressing.  I usually get the calzones, which again are delicious.  Or we will get a big pie and pass it around. I wasnt super impressed by the slices we got ala carte... but ive only had them once, and it didnt turn me off to where i wouldn't order them again. but i like the idea of a fresh pie being made with all the fixins ;)usually have good service, there have a been a hiccup or two along the way.. but that will be the case anywhere you go. The manager always comes out and says hey, offers to clear plates or get refills. All in all Im a fan!! ( and now hungry for pizza)
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,4/25/2013,59,147,2,5,3>The Sky Yoga class was by far the most fun yoga class I have ever taken!Finally got a chance to check out the new location and it is beautiful! Lots of natural light pours in through the floor to ceiling windows. The yoga class was in a smaller room off to the side, affording a more private feel. The class started off with laying down in the silk, hammock style. The feeling of weightlessness this creates is so incredibly relaxing, it's unbelievable. We progressed on to more typical yoga moves such as modified pigeon pose, warrior pose, split stretches, and downward dog. All of these moves are so different when using the silks and provide a really deep stretch. You really feel as if you are floating off the ground. Amber was an awesome instructor, going around to position us as needed, making sure to keep us within our comfort levels. I loved the small intimate feel to this class (classes are 6 ppl or less). Most of the moves are done immersed completely in the hammock so you aren't constantly comparing yourself to others. This is a great class for all fitness levels, as you can modify the moves to make them easier or more challenging. After this class, I felt like the stress and tension in my body had melted away. If this isn't already on your bucket list, it should be! Can't wait to go back!
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,4/24/2013,58,153,4,7,4>I've been to this location numerous times.  I love that they are so small because usually...the small places have great food.  One thing you MUST is the catfish taco. Crunchy.  Fresh.  Delicious.Mac n cheese? On point.  Cheesy and deliciousSmoked Wings? Yum...could eat them all day long.BBQ Sauce is sweet n tangy.I havent tried the ribs yet...but ill update when I do.The owners here are really cool too..makes it all worth it when you support a small business that knows food and treats their customers well.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,4/23/2013,63,215,1,4,3>Auth-en-ti-ci-ty!  This place has it up the wazoo!  You can watch the meat smoking in the great big stone oven off of the main dining room on the way to washing your hands.Great aroma, atmosphere, friendly wait staff, huge heaping portions of tender, delicious meats and an assortment of made-from-scratch desserts that make Sara Lee blush.I'm definitely grateful to my friend Keith for recommending this place and it goes on my list of restaurants to revisit as I get acquainted with my new city and surrounding burgs.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,4/22/2013,86,179,3,6,4>I've been here twice now and I would probably be here more often if I lived in the area. I think MBC is one of the better pool halls I've been to in the Atlanta area. Not all the tables are in great condition but they're all serviceable....normal wear and tear is to be expected. I think the tables along the wall (green felt) are in the best condition and the tables in the middle with blue felt can be iffy. There's also a private room (The Viper Room) that is rentable for events but I didn't check the table conditions in there.I've only had the food once and I thought it was adequate. However, they do have a large selection of sandwiches and appetizers and also a full bar.What I really like is that they run all sorts of pool and poker tournaments here. It is smoky in there but it's not as bad as some other places I've been to. It could be the high ceilings or maybe they just have better ventilation. Overall, I really like the place but I wish I lived closer.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,4/21/2013,74,119,3,3,4>Thanks a lot Yelp, I see this is going to be a (good) problem.  I'm almost ashamed that this place has been in my neighborhood the whole time right under my nose.  THANK GOODNESS!What an awesome find for some delicious, authentic and CHEAP tacos!  I've only tried the chicken, al pastor and lamb so far - all were tasty but that lamb...lawd.  Yes, this is going to be a  problem.My favorite in the metro area is San Pancho but Tacos La Villa is giving them a run for their money and I don't have to go far.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,4/20/2013,25,144,2,6,3>I'm a huge fan of this place.  I've been coming here since they opened and the service, food and ambiance are outstanding!  And this is the first time I noticed, but the music selection was really great, as well.The steaks are top-notch; the entrees are a little bit expensive, but there are generally specials for 6-ounce filets including a side for around $30pp.  The appetizers, salads and sides are typically as tasty as the steaks.  And the walnut brownie pie is ridiculous!  They also allow me to bring in wine without prohibitive corkage fees.I'd eat here every week, if the budget allowed for it...
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,4/19/2013,95,94,7,6,3>Y'all, this pizza is GOOD! Maybe not the absolute best I've ever had, but Bella's makes a solid pie. The slices are enormous, but not too greasy. And the garlic knots are a little crunchy on the outside, and perfectly chewy on the inside. I've only had Bella's delivered, so I guess I'll take a minute and give them props for that, as well. A large pizza and knots was delivered to my door only about 45 minutes after I ordered it on a Friday night and was delivered hot and steamy! Just the way I like my....pizza. The delivery driver also went out of his way to shlep his ass back to my door to inform me that my wild Shih Tzu was running around in my front yard trying to make friends with cars. Totally not in his job description, but did it anyway. Bella's Pizza: Great pizza, great garlic knots, and they don't think dogs should play in traffic. Sold.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,4/18/2013,216,175,6,6,6>This place is dangerous! Camicakes put the same attention to detail and care into their ice cream as they put in their cupcakes. They have delicious, handcrafted-on-the-premises ice cream that easily stands up to Morelli's or Atlanta's other premium ice cream purveyors. They have about 9 different flavors, including salted caramel, pineapple upside-down, apple pie, and mocha. Their buttered pecan ice cream taste like an iced praline, and makes all of other buttered pecan I've ever tasted seem weak in comparison.In addition to the ice cream, they have handmade chocolate and red velvet waffle cones and cups, a limited selection of cupcakes, and "fluffies"- which I guess are like Moon Pies. They can also make red velvet and chocolate ice cream sandwiches. I have yet to try it, but my next purchase will be a red velvet sandwich with salted caramel ice cream.I've somehow convinced my four year old son that the only ice cream is Pinkberry frozen yogurt, which I can delude myself into thinking is semi healthy. That's all over now, as he's had a taste of the real deal. I guess it's okay, he needs the calories. For the ITPers, this stuff is definitely worth the trip.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,4/17/2013,27,126,4,6,4>Yay! I love that Noche opened a location in Johns Creek. I have never actually tried it before- but I love the tapas concept and it's practically across the street from my house! ...I've never actually eaten in- I've picked up take out about three times. The atmosphere inside is very loud- usually when I call in they have a hard time hearing me. So I'm not really in a hurry to eat in. But otherwise there doesn't seem to be anything wrong with the inside- it''s all nice, clean and looks brand new. There's a nice covered patio in the front as well.*1. Salt and pepper calamari- served with a smoky tomatoey dipping sauce and I think avocado aioli...One of my favorites. When I order out from here once a week I always get this. The calamari is pretty tender, the fried coating is crispy and there are yummy spicy slices of jalapeno fried in the same batter. I do wish they would do a better job of draining the grease after frying. There's always little pools of grease in my take out boxes of the fried stuff I get. But that's minor and nothing tastes greasy...2. Fried green tomatoes- Crisp green tomato slices (about 3) fried with a crunchy cornmeal coating. The tomatoes have a nice tang- sprinkled with goat cheese and served with cholula remoulade sauce.3. Goat cheese fritters- These are ok. I don't love them- I'm not a huge fan of goat cheese. They're good for what they are- they just weren't my taste. But goat cheese lovers will like it for sure.4. Spanish Fried potatoes- Eh. Fried potatoes. If you're looking for a starch and feel like eating chunks of fried potatoes this is for you*5. Carne asada- The best thing I've eaten here- next to the calamari. I've had it medium and medium rare. Medium rare seems a tiny bit chewier but I like my meat rare and I don't know if I'd get it cooked any more than medium. This is deeeelish! Yummy skirt steak served with a sweet, almost molasses like balsamic glaze- that seems to have a hint of butter in it. Maybe not but the taste is tangy and rich. On the side there in a huge pile of tobacco onions- thinly fried and shaved- (they call them tobasco onions on the menu but there's nothing tobasco about them).6. Chicken empanadas- two chicken empanadas served with mango salsa. I think these are just okay. Overall the whole thing is slightly dry...7. Albondigas- Spanish meatballs- eh. I got 3 tiny meatballs in a tomato romesco type sauce. I would skip this. Nothing exciting or different.Overall- I love this place and I will continue to eat here once a week on Fridays- which is the day I order a fun meal to celebrate the fact it's Friday! It would be nice to see them make additions to the menu or feature specials occasionally as I think they could expand on what they have.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,4/16/2013,62,112,4,6,4>The Flip Burger Bar of the OTP.Specialty upscale burgers- everything from a pork belly burger to the regular old plain jane with bacon, lettuce, and tomato. But the burgers have competition, cause the sides are delicious. The sweet potato tots are awesome, the fried okra with dipping sauce to die for, and don't even get me started on the mac and cheese (mind-blowingly yummy).And they have shakes. Not surprisingly a chocolate with burnt marshmallow. It's not Nutella, but if you don't want to drive all the way for the real deal at Flip, it's an appetizing alternative.My only complaints are the cow skull on the wall (eww) and the fact that food crumbs get stuck in the wood grain of the tables (double eww), grosses my OCD self out.Bonus- the owners run the place themselves and are super nice guys with great service.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,4/15/2013,2,65,2,6,4>The best Philly cheese steak in Atlanta. I'm a purist when it comes to my cheese steaks and this is the spot. Yeah I can ramble on about growing up in Philly and mention those cheese steak institutions but tasting is believing. If you want to go with the traditional route skip the green peppers and their jalapeño mayo, which by the way is amazing on chicken cheese steaks. Instead go with the steak, cheese, and grilled onions. But wait, there is one secret to finish it. Ask for it with marinara sauce, trust me. This is their Italian Philly cheese steak and its not on the menu. My wife gets the chicken cheese steak with the jalapeño sauce I mentioned, and she now craves it from time to time. That sauce has a kick but its not hot. What this place also gets right is the true deli feel, right down to the friendly staff who comes from behind the counter to make sure everything is the way you like it. If you want to try a hidden jem check out Capozzi's. Oh, and don't forget they have a pizza shop on the right side of this deli by the same name. If you want the deli...choose the shop on the left.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,4/14/2013,30,88,,7,1>This restaurant is probably a 3.5 star restaurant, but given the price, lack of good restaurants in the area, and the difficulty of finding a decent Thai restaurant I had to round up.If you are familiar with Izumi Asian Bistro (the previous restaurant) then I would say that the Thai options at the new restaurant are a little better and a little more expensive. Other than that this is now exclusively a Thai restaurant, so no more sushi, Japanese curry, or pho.If you are new to this restaurant, I suspect this is where the Thai Star Cafe from Sandy Springs/ Dunwoody area moved to (though I could be wrong) I had the Shrimp Pad Thai for lunch ($9.63 w/ tax) which had just the right amount of savoriness and sweetness that I think a Pad Thai should. The noodles and the shrimp were perfectly cooked and the portion was appropriate, but overly generous. The lunch comes with a spring roll that is barely worth mentioning.Looking at the menu the general pricing goes - Lunch: $8 for noodle dishes $9 for curries, $11 and $12 respectively for dinner.While I am sad to see Izumi go, I am happy that it was replaced with an equal if not better Thai restaurant. If you work in the area it is definitely worth a visit. Hopefully, they will have more luck than the previous tenants.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,4/13/2013,328,633,6,10,9>What a great meal.Finding great German food in town is not an easy feat.  Schnitzel...Bratwurst...Sauerbraten... Spätzle...Kirschtorte...Strudel. YUM. Kurt's does a wonderful job of having quite the assortment of these German menu favorites and our table worked our way through them.I selected the petite pretzels with spicy mustard to start.  These were a bit of a disappointment as it seemed as they simply opened a bag of mini pretzels from the grocery store and served it with a small ramekin of mustard - certainly not worth $3.  Not a great start to my meal from the small plates menu - the serve should have explained this when we ordered.  However, they hit a homerun after this mis-step.For my entree, I went with the Wienerschnitzel - this is a veal cutlet, breaded and pan-fried served with a lemon butter sauce and a side of spätzle.  Delicious, delectable, and delightful.  You can also order this with two cutlets, but seriously one cutlet was more than enough food for me.  Maybe if I had been a man with a huge appetite, but otherwise I'm not sure who can eat two cutlets.For dessert, I opted for the Kirschtorte - also known as a Black Forest Cake.  Now this was a slippery slope for me as I make a pretty stellar version of this myself.  It is three layers of chocolate cake, soaked in kirschwasser (cherry brandy), layered with whipped cream, kirsch soaked cherries and chocolate shavings. The cake was rich and delicious, but needed a bit more punch.  Maybe I'm just used to mine as I soak mine a lot more and my cake is lighter and spongier.  But I was not disappointed.Overall the meal was amazingly good and I will be back.  Next time I'll be getting the Schwabian Platter - Bratwurst, Bauernwurst & a Smoked Pork Chop with braised Sauerkraut and German Potato Salad (from here on out we have dubbed this the Bill's Special).  What I tasted of this offering was also scrumptious, so I need to have this next trip!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,4/12/2013,178,260,3,5,4>My husband and I aren't big into travel agencies, but when it came to booking a long honeymoon including a one week stay in Turkey, an 8 day Greek island cruise, and a week in the Montenegrin coast, we thought that getting an agent would be worth it.   Leslie, our amazing travel agent recommended various luxury cruises for out late honeymoon and basically tailored out tastes along a boat that we would enjoy. She hooked us up with reasonable rates, cruise credit and had various tips. She even has been actively helping us out with the trip before and after the cruise. She has been hooking us up with transfers and has had wonderful recommendations with hotels that were in our budget.  She has gone out of her way to meet with us on weekends as out weekdays tend to be a little on the hectic side.Overall, I highly recommend Leslie at the Cruise Authority for any cruising needs, she has had wonderful suggestions and always adheres to our budget in order for out honeymoon to be the most amazing ever. Even though we haven't taken our trip yet, we have had great experiences so far with our last 3 meetings in reguards to our trip.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,4/11/2013,131,163,15,13,10>Why would you put a statue of William Wallace (er... Mel Gibson) at the entrance to your IRISH Pub?  The man was Scottish, for god's sake.  It makes no sense and really just propagates the notion that the Olde Blind Dog is a vaguely Celtic-themed amusement park.I really don't like that damn statue.  But if you can get past the soulless, piercing stare of the anti-Semite in the lobby, there's actually a lot to love about the OBD.  The decor is rather nice.  Dark woods imported from Ireland, nice metalwork and authentic touches throughout.  There are some cozy booths tucked away in every direction that lend a bit of privacy to diners.  It's a lovely place to enjoy a pint.Speaking of pints, they serve a proper pour of Guinness here.  They'll gladly mix it with ales and what-not if you'd prefer a black and tan, but I prefer it straight.  Mother's milk.The menu has an interesting mix of Irish staples and standard American pub grub.  If you stick to the Celtic stuff, chances are you'll be pretty happy.  The fish and chips is excellent, served with a homemade tartar sauce that packs some nice flavor and zing.  They make shepherd's pie the right way, with minced lamb.  They even fry up a decent scotch egg.  And you can never go wrong with a cup of their delicious Guinness onion soup on the side.But for the love of all that is holy, why is hummus the first thing listed on the menu?  If you come to an Irish pub and order the hummus, I don't think I can hang with you.Service at this location is hit-or-miss.  Sometimes you'll get a server who is really on point, attentive and quick to top off your drink.  Other times, your server will be as elusive as a gray ghost on the moors of the Emerald Isle.  It's a roll of the dice.I rarely make the Olde Blind Dog a destination, but if I'm in the Crabapple area I won't hesitate to stop in for a pint or some tasty vittles.  If they'd retire the stupid Braveheart statue, this would be a more common occurrence.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,4/10/2013,60,161,2,7,3>This Mexican Food is a little different that most Mexican Restaurants. They do not have the usual menu where the number 22 is a Taco, Burrito and Chile Relleno. That is, they really do not have combo meals like you expect at most places. So, if you order a burrito plate you will get one or two big burritos which will be more than enough food. The price is reasonable and the food is very good. The atmosphere is nice too. Being it is in a strip mall, it is not the biggest restaurant in the world and the place will be hopping on the weekends so get there early. Nice little bar area and a few TV's around the place to get your sports fix on if a game is on (but obviously the place is not a sports bar). Overall, the uniquness of the place and the quality of the food makes this an excellent choice. I highly recommend trying this place.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,4/9/2013,27,81,2,3,3>I'd like to think that I don't give out 5-Stars too loosely, but this one is for sure one that I give out proudly; my recent experience this week at Sushi Bites was all-around VERY pleasant and affordable for such a spontaneous adventure!  It was once recommended to me by a parent where I work whom loves to go here with her daughter and I just had to make it on my ''Must-Try'' list!  Please allow me to elaborate by sharing just how wonderful the Staff was!  James was very helpful and very entertaining in conversation and pointing out suggestions on the menu (I couldn't get my eyes away from the Sunday-Monday lunch special, teriyaki AND sushi for $7-8???). Be sure to ask for this guy I'm sure you'll feel just as welcomed and appreciated as a customer as I did!  The establishment itself was also rather laid back AND was very clean from what I could see!  I appreciated that!  Clean restrooms and floors!   There are plenty of large TV's from all sorts of angles for sports fans to keep an eye on their favorite team on and good dance/upbeat music!    Beer specials seem very nice! I tried a glass of Red Hare IPA for $2 that day! But plenty of sake on the menu to look over and select to go with your meal!   Sushi itself was VERY tasty! I loved the unagi, as it's THE first thing that I target when checking out a sushi joint. Pretty big, too!   If you are checking this place out for the first time or just been thinking about it, I hope you're closer to considering the trip.  It's a delight of a place to dine at at a very good price!   I cannot wait to try out the buffet next time I'm over there!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,4/8/2013,180,306,2,6,4>A solid Pub on Canton Street. The famously red Mac McGees of Decatur has opened in the former location that originally housed Pastis. An amazing renovation has turned this dilapidated building into a multi-floor, dual bar pub with authentic snug booths and decoration sourced from over the pond.We scoured through the scotch and whisky listings and were impressed with all the various offerings. Then sampled our way through chicken liver, haddock, seafood chowder, soda bread, and all the well prepared pub classics. Cant wait to come back and try the shepherds pie, irish breakfast, fish & chips and other goodies.Very open, clean, inviting with plenty of room to pack the folks in and also enjoy a bit of privacy in the booths too. Prices were very reasonable and service attentive and friendly.As expected, football (the Euro kind) was on the tele as well as other American sports. Will be a great place to catch FIFA, EUFA, Rugby and other matches.Looking forward to patio weather once again and those coveted spots on the balcony!
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,4/7/2013,87,44,3,7,7>I love this place. The staff is always super friendly, and I've never eaten anything I didn't like. Too be fair, I've only ever ordered the pulled pork, but that's just because it's so delicious. The website says they make everything, even their bread, from scratch daily. That's definitely what it tastes like. The meat is never dry, and I enjoy trading between the three different sauces they have to choose from.I feel that a bunch of barbecue restaurants concentrate mostly on the meat, but then skimp on the sides. Not here! In fact, sometimes I go here mainly because I'm craving the sides more than the BBQ! The sweet potato casserole is my favorite. It's smooth, creamy, and served with marshmallows. Yum!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,4/6/2013,25,79,4,5,3>How the heck did I overlook this place so many times?!This pizza joint will totally catch you by surprise.  They push tacos and whatnot and from what I can tell the owners are Italian, but still the pizza is good!Its pretty solid and their lunch specials are ridiculously good, 2 slices, 2 toppings, and a drink for only 5 dollars!  It was pretty empty around 1 o' clock so you'll have the whole place to enjoy your pie.Get you some!Change from 4 to 5 stars cause my GF told me to.  I'm not whipped. Promise.Edit: Its italian owned lol
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,4/5/2013,54,105,4,8,4>The first time I saw this place, I couldn't help but think about Cheeseburger Bob's... an awful cartoon on Fox's Sunday lineup. I'm very glad this place isn't the same as the cartoon!So here we have a new burger joint in Peachtree Corners. Just up the road about 3 miles, you can find the closest competitor for this type of establishment... Smash Burgers. The restaurant: New and clean, digital menu boards. Fairly simple stuff, not too wild, basic burgers and sizes available. They have a wide assortment of desserts... mostly revolving around soft serve (my favorite!!!). The soda fountains and teas are on the far side of the restaurant, as is the restrooms. Seating is idea for 1 to 4 people, gets a little tricky after that. First time we went, we had 6 of us, so we had a 4-person booth with a pull up 2-person table. The price: Although it's not McDonald's cheap, it's also not too incredibly expensive. A double with fries and a drink is about what I would expect to pay anywhere for a good custom burger. Dessert pricing is also reasonable, so make sure you save some room!The food: The burgers are greasy. Please go in expecting a greasy burger. If you go in not expecting one, it's your own fault! The good news is that unlike Smash Burgers, they have a Fixin bar!! So you have your choice of lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, jalapenos, and other stuff I can't really remember off the top of my head. They also have plenty of condiments for your burger and fries! Although I would love my fries a little less greasy, still a pretty good place to grab a burger, fries, and a shake!The Staff: Here is the best part about this place! Everyone there is so nice! I've been there twice now, and both times I have been incredibly impressed with the staff and the service they provide! I can get a greasy burger anywhere. I can get a soft serve dipped in chocolate at DQ if I really wanted. The service is what really puts them over, and scores them a 4 instead of a 3.Now... I wonder if Bobby knows that he should use propane and propane related accessories for his burgers?? :)
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,4/4/2013,392,475,4,8,5>I didn't know this place was open on Sundays until our after-church lunch bunch showed me otherwise. Wife and I were into lunch mode, so we skipped the breakfast side of the menu. Once upon a time, when I actually worked for a living, I used to come here to eat breakfast and gossip with other homebuilders and contractors. My standard fare then was country ham, eggs over medium, grrrrits, and biscuits, all delivered snappily and delicious. But back to lunch.....Ann ordered baked chicken with dressing, green beans, and mac & cheese. She received a jumbo stack of food on a platter. It was good, middle of the road, just like a meat and two should be. Corn muffins were a definite B+. I ordered, as the menu says, "Home Made Vegetable Beef Soup" and an egg salad sandwich on wheat. The soup is the main reason for the "4 stars" on this review. Momma could not have made better soup than this, and dunkin' my cornbread in it between spoonfuls was an indulgence I haven't had in many years. The egg salad sandwich, perfectly toasted, innards cool and creamy with crunchy lettuce and the light acid twang of the tomatoes, was the perfect companion to the soup. Gracious goodness! The whole she-bang came to $18.05.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,4/3/2013,68,272,3,4,2>I love the Y! It's a family-friendly place to exercise unlike the other local gyms. I love the pool, steam room, sauna, and jacuzzi. One side of the pool has a graduated entry with rails . It's perfect for my toddler to play. The best part about the pool is that it's indoor. I don't have to hassle with sunscreen. The machines are great. I have to agree with the other reviewer about the TV's. It seems like some of them just don't work every time I go in. There is a board that you can put in requests for them to fix. I hope they really take care of them.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,4/2/2013,160,534,3,6,4>Having grown up near Stone mountain for much of my life, I was craving some outdoor trails nearby and stumbled upon Rhodes Jordan Park.  My first thought when I saw it was, Piedmont park Jr.  That's not a slight to Rhodes Jordan, because I love Piedmont, minus the congestion, and while this park is busy, it's definitely room to move about unhindered.I think most of the other reviews mentioned the basics...softball fields, aquatic center, places to sit, eat, grill, and a fair amount of paved "hiking" trail, which is pretty flat, so don't go expecting anything challenging, but it's great for a run (several benches along the trail, but not as many trash cans along the way).  Additionally, the park and trails are kept up really nicely.  I don't remember seeing any trash/debris along the paved trailI love the lake in the middle of Rhodes Jordan, which is 22 acres in size, and you can fish in this lake, because the wind blowing over it cools you right down.  The park itself is 162 acres and there is free access/parking, very nice!I really enjoyed myself, and can tell it's going to be a fairly popular area in the summerI'll definitely be back
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,4/1/2013,113,132,4,4,4>Are you an athlete? Do you like to run, bike, and swim? Are you what could be called a triathlete? Me? Hell no! However I've been shopping here for over 6 years, and they've been giving me the same fantastic service that I see them giving people dropping 10k on a bike. All the staff members seem to be actual users of the products and amateur athletes themselves so they always give me tips about the best way to use a product or how something will perform under race or hard use conditions. I couldn't give them a better recommendation if I tried.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,3/31/2013,117,75,4,7,4>With Eddie Owen behind the Red Clay Theatre, you know it's going to be good. I was introduced to the Eddie Owen name in the mid-2000s as I became a hardcore John Mayer fan and began to learn about Mayer's start at venues including Eddie's (former) Attic. That's when I learned of Eddie and his tie to well known artists, both locally and nationally.I've been to the RCT twice now, once for David Choi and once for David Ryan Harris (w/ Michael Tolcher). Two completely different audiences, but it allowed me to get a more objective view of the place. Apologies in advance for the comparisons to Eddie's Attic, but with a name like "Eddie Owen Presents at Red Clay Theatre," it has to be done.Pros:-Parking is so easy in Historic Downtown Duluth. Spaces everywhere. In Downtown Decatur, you had to worry about paying meters, getting booted and dealing with panhandlers.-Incredible talent. Artists know Eddie and they are willing to go out of their way to perform at RCT.-Acoustics make listening a pleasure. The sound is great in here and the crowd has been very respectful the two times I've been. I was a little surprised to hear through the walls the horn of a train flying past the city on my last visit, but it wasn't a huge deal.-257 Seats. Plenty of seating means you aren't jostling for space like you had to do in the Attic. This isn't always the best thing though (see below).-Historic Downtown Duluth. Kind of like a miniature Downtown Decatur, it's nice to be able to walk around, get a bite to eat, a cup of coffee, etc. before the show and just walk on over to the the RCT.Cons:-Duluth is a ways away from the city of Atlanta, but it's really not that difficult to get to.-257 Seats. To me, this is the most apparent difference from the Attic. This is a true theater (or theatre, if you will), so the performer is on a raised stage separated from the audience. It removes that intimate playing-in-your-living-room feel and the ability to send a drink to the artist like you could at the Attic. Similarly, it means the artist needs to work a little harder to bond with his or her crowd.In the end, I just have to remind myself that this is not the Attic and to treat it as a new, independent venue. As long as the RCT keeps bringing in strong talent, I'll be back to keep supporting it.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,3/30/2013,168,202,8,12,10>Awww, Cobb County is growing up! Guys - this visit was so good, I don't even know where to start.  The most recent installment of the Breakfast Club made a stop a Seed.  After a late night of karaoke, brunch at 10:30 was a challenge for some.  Luckily, Seed was up to the challenge.First off, caffeine was needed.  I drink my fair share of coffee, but tea was my first thought today (only because it was too early for a Bloody Mary).  Seed has a decent selection of Mighty Leaf, which I was surprised by.  Nothing too special, but more than you'll find at most other non-specialty places.Next up, the starters.  We ordered a few different plates for the table to share.  I was actually really impressed by all of them.  The deviled eggs (smoked salmon, jalapeno cream, capers, dill) were very good.  Being a southerner, few things make me as happy as a good deviled egg and Seed makes a good deviled egg.  Next, the pimento crostini (country ham, apples, micro celery).  So I have a slight obsession with pimento cheese.  If it's on a menu, I'm ordering it.  Probably my second favorite of all the starters we ordered.  I was very impressed with their pimento cheese and the apples added sweetness that made it just about perfect.  But holy delicious ball of fried grains - THE WHITE CORN GRIT FRITTERS.  I don't even have the words.  Served with a jalapeno jelly and filled with Thomasville tomme, these grit fritters were...I don't even know.  Suffice it to say, that when I go back to Seed, I plan on asking for these as my entrée.My actual entrée on this visit was the shrimp n' grits.  Good stuff.  Shrimp, cheesy grits, country ham, potlikker, and hollandaise.  It's normally served with a poached egg as well, but I wasn't in the mood.  Definitely a solid dish.  Not the best I've had (ahem, Highland Bakery), but when I don't feel like driving for half an hour, definitely a suitable substitute.Good service and great food made this one of the best brunches I've had in recent memory.  Seed is an excellent addition to East Cobb and I'm definitely looking forward to a return visit.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,3/29/2013,454,253,,8,2>So happy a Papi's opened close to the house! I'm a big fan of Cuban cuisine - if you haven't had it, think Hispanic but not spicy-hot, with garlic, black beans and rice, and fried maduros (ripened plantains sauteed until soft). No tortillas, instead you get Cuban bread. The best stuff on the menu has to do with pork, however the beef and fish dishes are also quite good (tasted the latter but haven't ordered a dish yet). I've now eaten here a handful of times and have had the following:Roasted shredded pork in a garlic sauce - I had mine with the black beans and yellow rice and tostones. I thought this was good but I wish the pork was chunkier (it's shredded) - next time I'll try the Masitas de Puerco (closer to carnitas but without the onions and spicy sauce). The tostones were interesting but not my favorite - I think I'll stick to the maduros.Vaca Frita - Shredded flank steak - cooked slowly so the meat is fork tender, then sautéed with grilled onions and garlic. Mine came with maduros and congris (this is a mix of rice and black beans and is quite good). So far this is my favorite - it doesn't appear on the regular inexpensive "daily specials" menu and for good reason - I think they fry this up to order, so it's a bit pricier than other items. I can get addicted to this stuff.Ropa Vieja - this is also shredded beef but it's been cooked with tomato so it's got a different flavor to it - think of it as Cuban BBQ. I had this with black beans, white rice and plantains. This is good but the Vaca Frita is so much better that I think I'll get that when I want beef.Jerk Chicken - not what I'm used to from other Caribbean restaurants, but still - large portion of big white-meat chicken chunks, seasoned and sauced (I guess it's supposed to be some type of jerk sauce - it's not bad but not what I would call traditional - I actually like the chicken better without) - had this with black beans, yellow rice and a small side salad (mango dressing). Good option for those who don't like beef or pork.Cuban Sandwich - Smoked pork wrapped in ham, Swiss cheese, sour pickles, mustard, and mayo on Cuban bread -  had this for lunch with black beans and rice. Not the best Cuban sandwich I've had but large and filling. If you like pork you will like this sandwich - 'nuff said.Papi's runs daily specials at $8.99 which drops to $6.99 during lunch. I'd recommend any of the items on the specials menu, especially for lunch.I've had one specialty drink - the Caribbean milkshake - basically fruit juices blended into a shake - good but very filling. I've also had some of the coconut flan which was very good - I've had better but this is still worth trying, especially if you're a coconut fan (as I am).The service I thought very good - the servers all speak very good English and were able to describe all items very well - ask them what they're favorites are if you're not sure what to order, especially on the sides. Don't bother going after 8:00 PM on Sunday as they close early (found out the hard way). You'll find this restaurant on the right side of the big Walmart/Kroger shopping center in Tucker (was a Buffalos at one time). Careful crossing from the parking lot - the shoppers at this plaza aren't particularly sensitive to pedestrians.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,3/28/2013,467,559,18,5,4>"Old MacDonald had a Farm Burger, ee i ee i o, and on that Farm Burger he had:fresh jalapeñosiceberg lettucevine-ripened tomatored onionhouse picklespickled jalapeñosFB sauceroasted garlicduke's mayosmoked paprika mayograiny mustard$1arugulacaramelized onionsfried farm egg*sautéed mushroomscrispy red onionscured lardored bean chilibeer battered onion ring$2local pine streetbaconoxtail marmaladeroasted bone marrow ($3)pork bellykickapoo organic bluewisconsin cheddarfetapepper jackswisspure kneadgluten free bun($1.35)aged smoked goudagruyerepimento 'n cheeseaged vermontwhite cheddardecimal placegoat cheeseee i ee i ooooo"Okay, so I didn't have all that on my very own Quinoa Farm Burger, but I have tried a lot of them, and I always leave happy. While I will continue to skip the bone marrow and pork belly, the other toppings keep me coming back to try yet another self directed sandwich creation. The quinoa burger is a legitimate vegetarian option and has really earned my fan-ship!Service is always friendly, you can tell the employees take pride in the place. Miller tall boys are $2.75, that's cool.Two Negatives:1.) I have never left paying less than $15 for lunch.2.) I eat like a pig"with an oink oink here, and an oink oink there, here an oink, there an oink, everywhere an oink oink!"
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,3/27/2013,146,178,4,8,5>Oh my gosh - I'm in love.Stopped by on my way to work.  Was prepared to be disappointed because my last few treks into uncharted territories had horrible results.Shark's - you have restored my faith in humanity.Service with an actual smile?  Check.  (In the drive-thru, no less.) An apology for the wait time?  Check.  A suggestion on how I can save money using the lunch special? Again, check.The portions were HUGE:  Four large, juicy hand-breaded chicken breast tenders, french fries, buttered toast, coleslaw and sweet tea for $5.49.I haven't tried them yet - but they have a list of pretty exceptional sides:  zucchini, eggplant, mushrooms (and yet no garden salads - lol) I don't understand how they're turning a profit with portions at that price, but God bless 'em. I will be back - with friends.  Shark's - please don't ever change!!!Unofficial update:  The 'specials' change daily & weekly - last time I dropped by - that same meal was $7.41 - still not too bad - given the amount of food.  This time ALL my food was liberally sprinkled with some of pungent, garlicky, salty powder.  I questioned them and was told that it's was "lemon pepper" and it was "Shark's claim to fame" and all the food comes with this seasoning.  Hunh?  I definitely didn't have this on my food on my first visit - but the cook was really nice and re-did the order without complaint.  So if you're not a fan of lemon pepper - let them know upfront.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,3/26/2013,180,568,4,11,9>Everyone who has already written a review for the AHS is spot on.  This place is brand spankin new, and it's more like a luxury resort for dogs and cats.  I have never, in my life, seen a nicer Humane Society, and I have been to a ton, all across the country.There are big dogs, little dogs, old dogs, and puppies.  The adoption fees seem reasonable.  Their are tons of cats, and they seem to live in these really nice rooms where they have tons of toys and things to occupy them. The workers here are friendly, and all you need to do is fill out a form and show them your ID in order to visit with the pets.  We stop by a couple times a month so that my toddler can get accustomed to being around dogs and cats.This is a great place and if you are considering a pet, PLEASE come here before going over to your local animal farm (aka pet store).
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,3/25/2013,19,83,2,4,4>My wife and I went Friday at 8pm.  The place was packed and the bar was slammed.  Our table wasn't ready so we went to the bar for a drink.  After finally getting one of the three bartenders' attention I ordered a High West Rye that they had trouble finding.  It took a while but we finally got drinks and were able to enjoy the atmosphere.  We were not seated until 8:40 and I commented to my wife that The Mill was suffering from being new and that I did not have high expectations for the food.  Boy, was I wrong.  The bacon wrapped dates and deviled eggs were a great start, followed by the butter lettuce salad and the wonderful short rib.  The star of the show undoubtedly the smoked gouda gratin on the side.  My wife's scallops were good if a little salty.  The Jack Daniels chocolate pecan pie was above average.  The service was really great as well.  I think The Mill has a great shot at succeeding in a spot that seems a little cursed because of their great atmosphere and food.  Once the new restaurant yips are worked out this place will be solid.  They also have a nice patio with fire place for cold nights.  Also, the majority of the food is sourced from farms right here in Georgia so that is a big plus.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,3/24/2013,75,190,7,16,7>There are things to love about this trail... and there are definitely some things to hate about it as well.  Let's cover both aspects.This trail is my go-to workout place.  For the last 4-5 years I've become a rather avid cyclist, so my review is looking at the trail from a bicycle's perspective (trust me... quite different from when you're walking/jogging).The trail starts officially at Marvel Rd, which is behind the Publix off South Cobb Drive/East-West Connector.  However, in the last couple of years, the city of Smyrna has built the Silver Comet Connector, which basically makes it possible to start the SCT (that's what the cool kids call it) on Atlanta Rd.  The trail goes all the way to Alabama.  So, as an average cyclist, you will never run out of trail.  THE BRIGHT SIDE:(1) It's flat... really flat!  There are some minor elevation changes that you really only notice because you find yourself breathing just a bit harder or riding a bit slower.  I think total elevation change on the trail is 2%.  It's a former railroad track that was paved over.(2) It's shady (for the most part).  This is especially beneficial on those 90+ degree days in the summer(3) It's pretty (minus the parts where you drive past the water processing plant... blech!(4) Lots of rest stops, well marked, bathrooms with water fountains, and even a few bike stores along the way in case you have trouble.(5) No commercial traffic and very few stop lightsTHE NOT-SO-BRIGHT SIDE:(1) It gets really crowded.  Especially on a beautiful Sunday afternoon.  It becomes almost difficult to navigate, because you're constantly slowing down and speeding up, dodging the "traffic".(2) Speaking of traffic - when you are on the Silver Comet Trail, treat it like you would any other road.  It has a yellow line in the middle after all.  That means - stay to your right, and LOOK over your left shoulder before you pass someone, just in case there's someone even faster coming along behind you!  Also, when you're entering the trail, remember to look and don't just walk blindly into the trail.  People on bikes can potentially go pretty fast and it's difficult to stop on a dime.(3) Dog walkers - this trail is great for walking your dog. As long as you have a dog that is well trained and will stay close to you.  There's been more than one occasion where the owner was walking on one side, but the dog was walking on the other side of the trail, essentially creating a long trap line with the leash... not cool!(4) Inexperienced and casual users of the trail can cause problems.  That goes for joggers, bicyclists, skaters, etc.  If it's difficult for you to keep a straight line on your bike, you may want to practice at home first before venturing out on the trail, where you could cause someone else to fall while you swerve back and forth.  Also, if someone rides behind you and calls out "ON YOUR LEFT"... that means someone is coming up on your left.  It does NOT mean jump to your left (yep, that's actually happened numerous times).So, with all that said - enjoy your ride on the SCT and I will likely see you there... !!
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,3/23/2013,21,158,2,4,5>Wow! I'm writing this review as I'm eating because I simply share my thoughts about this place! Thanks to everyone's reviews here on Yelp, I had this place bookmarked to try. (haha, cat trying to steal sandwich!) Decided to do take out since I've been in jammies all day due to the weather. Walked in and the place is spotless and doesn't smell! Had great jazz music playing and overall appearance seemed well put. The woman at the register was very friendly but a little hard to understand because of her soft voice. But she got my order correct so way to go! ;) I ordered their Fish Po'Boy, comes with a side of fries. Also ordered the Bread Pudding (thanks to a fellow yelper's picture) since it looked delish and there's no way I'd be successful at making bread pudding. The sandwich comes in that really think "deli meat" paper so keep it all together, and not leak through. Nice! Makes it more official too! ;) Fries and bread pudding come in a small container. Couldn't wait to get home and eat it since it smelled so good in the car. Well my nose didn't disappoint! The Po'Boy is amazing! Fresh fried fish, lettuce, tomato, mayo and pickle all tucked in to a french baguette(?) Best fish sandwich I've had in a very long time! Fries are seasoned which I like. Break pudding..... haven't tried yet but I'm sure its amazing as well. Would take a picture but I ate it all!Definitely worth trying ya'll! Great price too! Drink, Po'Boy, Fries and Bread Pudding total comes to ~$12!
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,3/22/2013,46,202,13,9,3>We noticed Mayuri while we were on our way to Lobster House. The parking lot at Mayuri was packed so we thought it must be popular, (despite being somewhat new) and we abandoned out Lobster House idea and popped into Mayuri for the lunch buffet.There are a number of indian restaurants around metro Atlanta that feature a lunch buffet with varying degrees of quality. It's a good way to get a look at a menu item before committing to an item.The inside of Mayuri was packed this Friday at about 1:25 pm. We were seated at one of the few open (and cleared) tables. Staff were scurrying around trying to clear the many used tables. There are two long, main buffet stations and one smaller for mostly dips, desserts and condiments. There is another setup with mango lasso and pitchers of water you can serve yourself. The plates are glass and utensils are metal, so no styrofoam here. Some big pluses here are:-- all the food items on the buffet are covered by see-thru lids so everything was very hot and tasty on the day we were there. -- Another is that the majority of food items are labeled and some labels even offer a tip under the item name such as "Good with Curry." -- Another nice touch (for this type of establishment) were soft drinks served from a fountain, not cans. There was a great variety of vegetarian, chicken and goat items on the buffets. There is almost too much choice. We were disappointed to find the e-n-t-i-r-e bin of "Chicken-65" was empty. That was due to the large number of lunchers probably. I inquired to the host about it, and he said the time was too close to 2:30 for them to replenish it. I had to press him since it was about 1:47pm at this point and he agreed to "talk to the chef."Well, the chef relented to make another batch. And were we glad he did ... this is the best "Chicken-65" we have ever had in any establishment!!! We're glad we didn't have to miss it. Aside from the usual deep-fried nuggets that a lot of Indian joints pass for "Chicken-65", this chef's version was large pieces of flavorful breast meat that was amazingly moist with mouth tingling spices. We are probably going back for this dish alone. The curry was good, the chickpea dish was very good, the Chicken Tikka Masala was more akin to butter chicken than a typical Tikka but no problem with butter chicken (yay!).The only item we had a problem with was the Naan. It's out there on the buffet and is probably sitting too long or cooked too long. It had the consistency of a cracker instead of the pillowy Naan that we prefer.There was a huge number of Indian expatriates eating here on the day we were there so that's probably a sign that is doing something right (and the owners were using their native tongue to chat it up with them.) Mayuri seems to have a talented chef so hopefully they will do well in this area.Mayuri (formerly Woody's BBQ, formerly a Pizza Hut) is located behind Lobster House (formerly Bugaboo Creek) in the north point mall area. You need to go down the little access road to find them.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,3/21/2013,63,113,2,3,2>How have I lived in Sandy Springs for so long and never had Little Thai? We started our love affair on Friday and I hope it never ends. This is seriously the best Thai food I have EVER had. The Pad See Ew and Massaman Curry were both outstanding- lots of fresh veggies and several options to choose from for your protein choice. We also had the coconut chicken soup which was delish! The best part was the homemade coconut cake though. Oh Lord Jesus! This was the best coconut cake in the history of cakedom. Little Thai feels like a family run business. Not sure if it is but it had that feel. The decor is really pretty. There is a nice, big patio but it was too cold to enjoy on the night we were there. We went on a Friday night about 7:45. The restaurant was crowded but not so much so that we had to wait for a table. The service was great. I am dying to go back already!
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,3/20/2013,1424,609,27,40,36>BREAKFAST REVIEW!!! They serve more than just BBQ.THE SCENE ------------- - - - - -My sweetheart was feeling under the weather today. So after a visit to the chiropractor for some tension relieving adjustments, I decided to treat her to a quiet breakfast @ JR's. JR's Log House was opened in May of 1983 with recipes handed down from grandparents, aunts, uncles and cousins. The structure looks, feels and smells authentic, like you are sitting in an Omish dining hall built in the 1850's. There is a musty odor in the air like you find in old log cabins and other old wooden homes. The lighting and furniture look hand crafted and the window treatments are what you might find in your grandmothers mother's kitchen. THE DETAILS ------------ - - - - - - Date & Time: Wednesday, December 5th, 2012 @ 9:00amDining Companions: My forever +1What to expect: Simple decor, friendly serviceLiquid: Coke ($1.75) *Note: cups are huge too!Ordered: Hector's Omelette ($8.25), Hotcake ($3.50) & Hash Brown's ($2.25)Dislikes: NoneAbsolutely Loved: everything... especially the hotcakeTotal: $16.70FOOD/SERVICE ------------- - - - - - Service today was from Greenville native Miranda, who was more like one of our friends by the time our meal was done. But that's the way it is here every time I've visited in the past. Many of the employees have been around for 15 to 20 years or more. I'm always looking for the best food experience, so Miranda guided me through the more popular choices as well as her fav's. I settled on the Hector's "Everything" omelette, but opted for sausage to be substituted in lieu of the sugar cured ham that normally comes with this dish. I'm so glad  I did! I love tasty sausage it was exactly what I was hoping for in terms of flavor. The egg was thin like a crepe, but perfectly cooked and stuffed with the sausage, onions, green peppers, mushrooms and cheese inside. DELICIOUS!We shared this hearty breakfast omelette (my wife gave me the sausage bits) along with toast, cheese grits, a complimentary blueberry muffin and ginormous cat head biscuit. We also ordered a side of perfectly golden hash browns (shredded) and a redonkulously large hotcake. I baulked at the $3.50 hotcake price to our server, that is, until it arrived. Geez this thing was huge! For the longest time I have loved IHOP pancakes, but this hotcake has quickly become one of my favorite ever! Next time I'm craving hotcakes, I'm sure I'll be driving here to satisfy my fix.THE VERDICT ------------- - - - - -In  a nutshell, this is the simple style of hearty breakfast food that I love. It's great to find places that have amazing decor and fancy twists on breakfast classics, but if you're looking for the basics done well without a lot of fanfare at reasonable prices... JR's is your spot.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,3/19/2013,23,109,1,5,4>One week in to living back in Atlanta and I have found thrifting nirvana.I wandered in here on a Monday morning. Holy heck. This place is awesome. Such great stuff. Bigger items like desks, tables and a wide variety of chairs. Random nick nacks and frames. All very reasonably priced. I went in looking for a specific size of table and did not find it, but not worries. I left with a small apothercary jar, an adorable little deocrative box and a framed wine print. All for 20 bucks. It will take a lot of restraint not to return immediately. The furniture selection was amazing. If you need an accent chair for a room, go here. They have some realy great unique pieces.The staff was also super helpful. When my hands were full, a woman took my stuff to the front. While checking out, we struck up a nice conversation. Then a male employee held the door open for me as I left. Service and selection like that will make a repeat customer of me. Time and time again.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2008,3/18/2013,111,260,2,4,2>i remember the first time i ever tried a chicago deep dish pizza. i was actually in chicago and we walked into some restuarant, had a few local beers, and ordered a deep dish. i barely remember anything about it. maybe i just wasn't as interested in food then as i am now. maybe it just really sucked.and then there was the first time i ever had zachary's. it was on the recommendation of about 99 people that it was the best pizza joint ever and we decided to try out a half-baked pizza. to this day i have never dined inside zachary's. without any expectations, i ordered, paid for, and waited on the pizza. when it came time to grab the box from the girl behind the counter, i guess i failed in having no expectations because i did not expect the box to weigh ten amazing pounds of pizza goodness. immediately excited to gain twelve pounds, i could not wait to get that thing home, cook it, and consume it. i had grand plans to eat the entire thing in one sitting. and, haha, how that pizza taught me a thing or two about humility. eating two slices of this stuff will make you consider not eating for days. it's that good. it's that substantial.zachary's is touted as the best chicago deep dish pizza outside of chicago. although i've only been to the windy city once, my personal experience says zachary's is better than any deep dish pizza - even that of chicago joints. it has the benefit of being employee owned and operated, delicious, fast, friendly, and fairly accessible.if i can make a few recommendations: go early (reservations are not taken except at the san ramon location and not for dinner), call in your order, get some beers, and the salads are tasty too. oh yeah, and tip.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,3/17/2013,91,100,1,8,2>I have been on a mission to find good sushi in my area for over a year now and am pleased to have finally found my local favorite - Mangos.The good: The sushi is consistently fresh and they have many many different types of rolls to choose from. They have a book of photos of all the different types of rolls they offer that list the ingredients for people who are more visual. They have some interesting pairings - and have a variety of raw and cooked rolls. My favorite roll is the Give Me More roll - which has scallops, crab, shrimp tempura, avocado, and apple - the apple really adds a punch to the roll and gives it a different texture. They also have a full bar and have lots of drink specials. The not so good: They seem to have a lot of shy/inexperienced wait staff. As others have mentioned there always seems to be some confusion about the specials/coupons. There are two different sushi chefs - I believe one is the owner - and when he is there the rolls are tightly made and much more visibily appealing. The other chef still makes good rolls - but they do tend to be a little sloppy. Also, they offer grill type food - I understand they are trying to appeal to a wider audience, but in my opinion offering wings and philly cheesesteaks just distracts them from doing what they do well.UPDATE 9/5/13: The food and service have only gotten better and I have only had good experiences here since they have worked out their kinks. I love Mangos!As a side note, my runners up in the area are Thaicoon in Marietta (fresh, but not enough variety for me) and Kuroshio in Kennesaw (good selection, but freshness varies greatly and frankly the service there is abysmal).
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,3/16/2013,25,45,2,4,2>I did the gait assessment here, where you run on a treadmill and they analyze your stride to give you the best fit. Even though it was a crowded Saturday, they took care of me quickly and my sales guy patiently walked me through every shoe they carried that would work for me. They didn't have the shoe I picked in stock in my size/color, so we ordered one. My sales guy followed up via phone at least twice to make sure I got them and they were working out great.Now that I run longer distances, I come here for almost everything else (except for clothes - they have an okay selection, particularly since its a small store, but I'm a lulu girl). They have compression socks, foam rollers, gu packets, and just about everything else I have needed along the way. And their knowledgeable staff is always happy to answer questions.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,3/15/2013,32,64,2,5,4>found this place on scoutmob.  like stephie z. said, the location and the decor weren't all that great, but the food definitely made up for it. we ordered: gyro combo, chicken wrap combo with fries, pita bread and hummus and tzaziki. the pita bread was warm and soft (PERFECT!) and amazing hummus and tzaziki.  then when i tasted the juicy chicken wrap.. i wish i had two stomachs to eat everything up!!! and with the spicy sauce.. YUMMYYY. thought i'd never say this, but i think this was even better than my fave - mediterranean grill.so yeah. this is my fave place now. i don't even need the scoutmob discount to come back.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,3/14/2013,15,113,4,8,4>Okay, so this place is in the "cut" and although not off the beaten pathway easily missed. Signage at night isn't...there. But if you find Boomers then you are in the right area, just turn into the driveway and keep driving past it.So we get there around 7ish on a Saturday night, pretty quiet with maybe 4 people inside. Two eating in, two doing takeout.We sat down and waited a few minutes for the chef (Rodney?) to come take our orders. Well...his personality doesn't exactly shine but I wasn't there to make friends so we ordered anyway.I got the goat stew with double peas and rice. The GF got oxtail stew with peas and rice and mac & cheese. What can I say...the flavors were just...deep. I mean seriously the gravy for both dishes was just full of depth while not being overly spicy. Don't get me wrong the goat was hot but I finished every damn bite. The GF pretty much licked her plate of oxtail stew. Every pea and rice kernel was demolished..lol And I was pissed I didn't get the mac & cheese. It was good and crusty with a sharp cheddar bite.Almost forgot the beef patty, another hit! I'm so mad that this is so close to me and I just found it. No worries though I will be back.Interesting note, most of the business was to go. Steady stream of orders so don't be thrown off by the empty almost dead air of the place. Eat there or to go you won't be disappointed.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,3/13/2013,105,142,6,7,8>I've heard of this place from my sister, Angela H. She told me that the boba drinks were good  . The first time I visited I didn't drink any of the boba drink only because I wasn't in the mood. Yesterday night was a great night for me, since my sister, Angela was wanting to drink the boba tea from Lattea and we were also in the area. I looked at the menu. I read the menu and saw that there were some flavors I was interested in  trying, but I wanted something sweet and simple. I also saw that they have chocolate milk tea. Yet I didn't choose that flavor. I was about to order the Black Milk Tea, but Angela suggested I get the House Special and it tasted great! My palate was very pleased. Ha ha! So my sister ordered the regular sized House Special ($3.25 each) , three of them for her, my mom and me. Crystal H ordered the Thai Milk Tea with aloe vera jellies. I tried it and it tasted a lot like a familiar candy I once ate when I was a little girl.. weird... nonetheless, I enjoyed her tea, too.Since I really love the little boba balls at this place, I want to try the XL size!! Sugar over-load!! And also want to try the other flavors as well.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,3/12/2013,27,177,,4,6>It ain't cheap, but it's good!  One of the best buffets I've been to of any type. The sushi is solid (and there's a great variety). They have a wide selection of unique salads, all of which I've tried are good (love the Bok Choy salad).  The skewers and strip steak you'll find to the far left are all delicious. If it were a little cheaper, I'd eat lunch here once a week. And that's not to say it's not worth it - you absolutely get what you pay for. But regular $20 lunches (with drink) put a hurting on the wallet.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,3/7/2013,85,207,3,3,3>Yes I am still a fan! I actually botched my last review because I chose the wrong address :-(... this is the original location I had dined before...so with that being corrected (sort of) ...Rhea's is seriously good stuff!The atmosphere is nothing swank, kinda divey actually which is probably why the burgers taste sooo great! Now that I've been here twice, next up I want to try the Philly cheesesteak, I saw a customer with one and almost dove in on her plate...LOLI cannot simply say these are your basic burgers, that grilled sourdough bread and seemingly steamed beef is almost hynotizing. You get a side of crinkled fries (my fav next to tots) and the price is RIGHT! Why does the style/shape of the potatoes matter?....because I say it does...LOL !!!!!!The burgers melt in your mouth, outta pure greed I wanted to order another but realized I wouldn't be able to finish it off:-)Now they take debit cards too, when I was here in 2011 they only took cash. Rhea's is among my top 3 burger joints....Ooooo sooo good!
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2012,3/6/2013,910,392,4,10,4>They are a new business. Called early morning to see about getting my dog gizmo a grooming. We've moved here for about 4 months now and his hair was crazy long. I was kind of scared taking him to a new groomer. This place looked really nice from the outside. It's clean and the groomer seemed really nice. She took time to calm my dog down. She realized I was new to them. He had a few nats under his ears and legs, but not too bad. Price was fair..the place was pretty big..he was not scared walking in..he definitely was a little nervous, but seemed to calm down before I left.I dropped off at 12. Got the grooming and added the spa package which including brushing and nail rounding, not just cutting..Got him back at 3.  He seemed very happy, not scared, doesn't seem like he was affected at all. I don't see anything wrong with him  he's acting like a normal day. I hate leaving my dog at groomers for half a day. Not knowing if he got water or a chance to go out. I will be returning. They were nice and my dog was happy. I don't like chains, so I'm glad to see this one worked out. I think others should give them a try.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,3/5/2013,435,199,,6,4>This is a Solid Spot. The location is lot classier than there Roswell location. Larger bar and waiting area More Kiosk for self ticketing.Chairs are real theater chairs not office chairs unless you are in the middle row. Staff is super nice . Parking is not a issue. Off duty-officer is in the lobby.Wait service is very consistent I order a burger and fries.  The meal came out in 15 mins.The fries are some what similar to checkers.They have a staff inside the auditorium to refill drinks. After the movie staff were outside the door handing 5 dollar coupons for the next visit and mints.. Sweet!!Issues. One bottle of  soap in bathroom(really) . Drinks tend to slide off the tables.Other than that I will go back.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,3/4/2013,21,65,2,7,3>I almost didn't post this review because I don't want everyone and their Mom to know how great this place is. This is like Sweetwater Brewery in the beginning, before there was a line around the block and an hour wait to get in. Tucked away in Marietta, off Delk Road, this is the perfect Friday night/ Saturday afternoon activity. They typically have live music and there are always brewery tours going on (just a little ten minute tour - fascinating!). For a nominal fee, you get a Red Hare glass and six drink tickets - definitely check out their website for all the details.The outdoor is area is the best feature, in my opinion. They have an outdoor bar, seating, platform for live music, Bocci and Cornhole/ Bags games. Definitely bring your K-9 friend as they are pet-friendly.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,3/3/2013,959,890,11,15,15>Last Friday, Michelle K. hosted the first of hopefully many Gwinnett Series UYEs and had the pleasure of it being at MJs.  Sure enough, I found out this place is right next to Honey Pig, and down the street from my sister.  When parking- please disregard the lawn sign that talks about choosing valet only to a place that doesn't even exist.  It will all make sense when you read it...When I first arrived, the first thing I noticed was that it almost reminded me of a Taco Mac that serves Korean.  It had that bar atmosphere and furnishing that reminded me of the TMac down the street from my house.  The menu had a few items to offer, but of many varieties.  They had alcohol, and fresh fruit smoothies.  Those seemed to be a hit with the other Yelpers.  The Bud Lights were a hit with my buddies and I.I was starving, so I ordered a lot.  I didn't know what to expect size wise on the tacos, so I got 5 different tacos, and an order of the Parmesan fries.   So we all sat and chatted it up as we were waiting for food and realizing how small the world is (how yelpers learn to know eachother by association outside of Yelp, if that makes sense).(Random intermission- I began writing this last night before I needed to go to Sweet Hut, and I forgot to finish, so this is where I am picking up)So the fries came out, and they were covered in a white sauce (duh Tom, its the cheese).  But I dug in.  They mix it with some garlic and possibly a little butter.  The fries were really damn good!  And filling- the basket had a hefty weight considering they were only fries.  As I was finishing up the fries, I kind of gave up at about 90%.  The tacos arrived, and I set them aside.  Mind you this whole time while I was drinking not soda, I was lusting at everyones fruit smoothies.  I was amazed that the tacos were so big, the 5 came served on baskets.  haha.  It was sooo much food!  There was a lot of cabbage/lettuce on them too- definitely my weeks worth of vegetables in those tacos!  The tacos were pretty decent, however some of the, had a type of mayo on them I wasnt a fan of- but I wanted to see how it was gonna taste served as-is.  The servers were all friendly and for the most part did a decent job handling everything. I know everything was accurate for me here!  I can't remember how much my meal was- but for a Friday night, it was a decent price!  Thank you Michelle for letting us know about this place- will definitely have to come back!
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,3/2/2013,57,56,20,27,23>I was introduced to this fine establishment in a simple way.  In my particular profession, there tends to be a concentration of Chinese colleagues.  I consider myself a fan of Chinese food, so I asked them where THEY go out to dinner when they're in the mood for Chinese.  Without hesitation, and unanimously, they all answer Tasty China.  On my first visit, my friend and I had 3 dishes.  We started with the Dan Dan noodles.  Be careful, these are spicy.  Myself, I love spicy food, and I will rave about this dish until my dying day.  As a side note, being a creature of habit, I hereby swear to never visit Tasty China and NOT order these noodles.  The flavor is fantastic, the consistency is good, and like the restaurant, I can't think of a negative factor.Other dishes we shared were the sweet and sour chicken and the sesame chicken.  Both of these dishes were outstanding, and I was quite surprised by the sweet and sour chicken.  I didn't think I even liked that dish much until I tried it here.  The chicken is quality, the sauces are flavorful, and they give plenty of rice to serve it over.  On my last visit, i tried the chicken and broccoli, (after Dan Dan noodles) and it also beat every other experience I've ever had with the dish.One final note:  occasionally I have Chinese food elsewhere.  In all seriousness, there's almost no excuse for this.  Sure, if you're not near Marietta, then it's ok.  But I sometimes used to have lunch in the area and eat at other restaurants because I thought it was cheaper.  Frankly, I was wrong, and will correct this mistaken impression in the future.  Many of the Tasty China lunch specials are $7, and come with an extremely satisfactory amount of food.  The only thing that increases the price for me is my pledge to always order the Dan Dan noodles, and I'm ok with that.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,3/1/2013,623,717,5,5,7>This place rocks!  Battle and Brew really is a gaming paradise for adults.  They've got really slick technology infrastructure, wide-screen televisions, big bandwidth for graphics heavy multi-user games, the latest gaming rigs & consoles, and even a stage dedicated to a rockband setup.  What else do you need?  The menu layout is quite clever.  The food is really good bar fare.  They've got everything a game enthusiast needs.  The sandwiches are big.  The tots are excellent.  And the beer selection stands very much apart from the standard stuff.  (Remember: "bud" is one letter away from "bad.")  Service was spot-on efficient, and everyone I met here was really friendly.  I hear they do a good trivia night.  Holler if you're coming with.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,2/28/2013,81,201,2,8,3>I'm eating my 1st shrimp Po Boy as I'm writing this review...and it's very good!  The bread is soft and fresh but the outside has a slight crunch. The bread alone would be good with some squeezable Parkay butter!  I opted for fries, instead if hush puppies and they are well seasoned with salt and pepper.They've only been open for 4 days and one of the girls asked me how did I hear about the place.  I was just looking for a new place to eat after I dropped my car off at the mechanic.  She told me this is a a family owned restaurant and the only one in GA.  Kennesaw may get a location. The other location is in Mobile, Al.  The owner's family has a seafood market and that's where the seafood comes from for this restaurant.  The attentiveness of the staff is great! And the prices of everything are reasonable and a great place to take your family out for seafood and not have to break the bank to do so.Well...my car will be repaired tomorrow and guess where I'll be to try out a new dish?
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,2/26/2013,71,139,3,5,5>I came here after seeing a recent Yelp discussion about the best pizza OTP.  I had tried most of the other places but a few people mentioned Taste of Italy in Woodstock so we had to check it out.  We went for a late lunch and I was happily surprised by the place.  First, the restaurant (although not large -- maybe 14 tables in the place) was very clean and orderly -- I noticed they had receive a "100A" for their inspection and it looked like it.  You order at the front and they'll bring it to you when it's ready, and there are free refills for soda/tea.  We tried a whole NY-style cheese pizza, and I've got to say, it definitely comparable to the other top places OTP.  I might argue it wasn't as large and foldable as a typical NY-style pizza, but it was thin crust and the crust and cheese were tasty.  My boyfriend (who likes to consider himself a NY-style connoisseur) considers it right up there with the others.  The atmosphere was also pleasant... a few TVs (but not too loud) and friendly people enjoying their lunches.While we were eating, the table next to us got some sort of pizza sandwich -- with pizza crust as the bread -- and that looked really amazing.  Ah, next time!!  We'll be back....
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,2/25/2013,149,208,8,9,7>I went to Chicken and the Egg for the UYE Breakfast Club event.  I love breakfast as long as it's not breakfast time (before 10AM or so).  I think I like to sleep a little bit too much.  Anyways, I attended this event and got to meet the new OTP CM Heidi.  She's a doll and gives fierce hugs!  I also enjoyed seeing old friends and meeting new ones.The restaurant is located in a strip mall on Whitlock Ave. in Marietta.  It seems far out there, but it's really not.  The inside of the restaurant is kind of country chic.  I like it a lot.We had 9 people in the group, including 2 kids.  We had a few more than the reservation, but they were able to accommodate us in a timely manner.  We sat at a high top table.  The chairs were actually very comfortable.  Usually the bar stool type chairs are not very comfortable but these were nice and comfy.    Someone came to take our drink orders very quickly and we received our drinks quickly.  Unfortunately, things slowed down a lot after that.  It took over 30 minutes for someone to come by to take our order.  Drinks were slow to be refilled.  One of the meals for the kids didn't come out with the rest of the food.  The poor guy had to wait a little bit for his food.I ordered the biscuits and gravy and a side of hashbrown casserole.  The biscuits and gravy came out with 2 very large biscuits covered in a sausage gravy.  It was pretty good.  The hashbrown casserole was very good.  I could eat a whole plate of this stuff.  Yum.The food ordered by my dining companions looked fantastic.  We had some bayou omelets, french toast, an afternoon nap.  All the good food and mimosas made me take an afternoon nap once I made it back home.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2012,2/24/2013,2,216,4,7,4>Had the pho chin. It was wonderful on a cold day. DElicious broth with great well done brisket. That brisket was as tender as the one my Jewish mom use to make. To quote a friend who turned me on to this version of pho"it must be that Jewish-Vietnam thing."Order  with a side of steamed onions. Slap some hot sauce and hoisin sauce on those onions. A different taste treat with the slices of brisket. Of course add  some beansprouts and basil to the soup but not too much as the cold cools the soup and I like mine hot. Order some spring rolls or shrimp egg rolls first, very tasty. Step down the strip mall for dessert at the bakery on the corner.. Simply good and cheap..nothing fancy. Good value for you $. Is it the best pho in the city? I wouldn't know. I only eat pho at What the Pho. Convenient,close,fast and inexpensive.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,2/23/2013,29,92,2,7,2>On a rainy Saturday I ended up on the far side of Marietta and thru Scoutmob & Yelp I found this little dive. We were 2 adults and 3 kids and the reviews as well as the word BEACH in the name brought us here. They weren't busy but boy were they friendly. The kids had grilled cheese, quesadillas and a bowl of yummy fat disguised as a salad: The Haole lettuce, tomato, carrot, mushroom tossed in ranch and topped with cheddar cheese bacon bits. I had the South Beach, fried chicken breast served over white rice with aisian slaw and mac salad, it was uniquely delicious. My friend got he key west, teriyaki grilled check breast with white rice, aisian slaw and mac salad, also very tasty. Here's what put the place over the top for me. While we were ordering the kids sat down and spilled a cup of water all over the place. The owner came out and mopped it up while asking me where I was from. When I told him Duluth his eyes widened and asked how we found his place. I explained we had been to Hotshot Raceway nearby. I had forgotten to use my Scoutmob when I paid and he told the cashier to give me 50% of my money back! He continued to mop up and clean the spill and made me feel like I was a regular. He didn't know I would write about this on YELP! He is just a hard working good guy, I love that! My son loved the grilled cheese so much that he ate TWO! (So the discount went right back into their wallet, lol!) It's located in a depressing center but don't let that fool you, friendly, fun food awaits you inside.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,2/22/2013,127,69,3,8,6>Now, let's do check off list for this restaurant for a nice change of pace from my other reviews.1., Great location: Check2., Wonderful employees: Check3., Delicious food: Check4., Incredible price: Check5., Wonderful Decor: Not CheckedIt has everything that I would want for an on-the-go restaurant, but lacks a nice dine-in experience. In a world of ever-changing gas prices, the people have asked for good food at a good price, without any of the bells and whistles of a fine-dining restaurant, and Baked has spoken.This great establishment is also related to the nice lounge/tapas bar, Red Sky, down the road, but seems to have planted its seed far from that tree. The atmosphere is a little dry, but perhaps some more music (that or raise the volume a tad) to draw attention away from the plain decor could be suggested.The food is the main attraction, and may I suggest the fried chicken? It's possibly the best fried chicken I've had the pleasure of eating in East Cobb. I was very pleased to be advised on what I should try according to my announced cravings. The employees were very helpful in deciding my next meal, and I cannot thank them enough. So far, everything on the menu has delivered, and I have always been satisfied. The consistency is there, and the meats are cooked the way it should be. Not dry, not under, just right. The sauces and spices have left me wanting something more creative, though the sweet honey potato did have me surprised.I always have a great experience with my orders, and will come back soon for some more of that banana pudding. Thank you for coming to East Cobb, Baked!
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,2/21/2013,140,186,2,4,2>I enjoy this park a lot. It's big and well maintained, and there are great trails, picnic spots, and a fun little boardwalk that cuts through the nature. It's a great place for a walk or a run, and there are fun little spots by the water where you can feed ducks. I never feel unsafe here. There's a little waterpark for kids, so everyone gets a little bit of something!
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,2/20/2013,64,126,4,6,4>You know that meme, the girl with the atrocious pig tails, some bad 80s fashion choices (there are  good 80s fashion choices), and braces where she just says ermahgerd? Yeah, when I took a bite of food from Ping's Place I just let out a ermahgerd with a mouth full of food. Kungfu and I were in Duluth, and I wanted some beef noodle soup, and he wanted pork chops. I had a limited amount of time before I had to go home to take care of something, so I searched on Yelp for a Taiwanese joint. Ping's Place came up with wonderful reviews, so we had to give this place a try. I got the beef noodle soup and Kungfu got his pork chop plate on. The beef noodle soup was awesome. The soup was rich in flavor and the beef was cooked to perfection. It was falling off and just melting in my mouth. Plenty of suan cai, bok choy, and cilantro to fulfill every bite of the soup. I got really full halfway through though, and I always finish my noodles. I pretty much demolished the soup though. The pork chop dish came with mixed veggies, suan cai, meat sauce, and stir fried bok choy with two huge pork chops. The pork chops were crispy and wasn't seasoned too heavily. As a testament to how good their food was, he somehow managed to finish his entire dish and finished my noodles. After we were done, I ordered a beef roll and chicken nuggets to go. You know when something's really good when you take a bite after its gone cold and its still amazing. That's what happened with my beef roll. There were large pieces of shredded beef, diced scallions, and just goodness in between the onion cakes. Get this to go, and have some the next day for lunch! I heated up the chicken nuggets in my toaster oven as I had forgot to air the box out. It wasn't my favorite out of all the things we got, but it was pretty good. A bit too much five spice for me but overall, pretty darn tasty. I wished there were some fried basil pieces on top. All in all, the entire bill including my take out, and our dinner rang us up to about twenty dollars. Really good deal. I highly recommend this place if you're in the mood for Taiwanese food!
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,2/19/2013,162,319,2,3,3>The cakes here are freaking amazing. I was shocked to see some bad reviews on management and service, both for the bakery and the restaurant. Now that I think about it, the people that we dealt with in the bakery weren't overly rude to us, but they weren't as nice, either. Rather, they were all business. I mean, it didn't bother me that much, so whatever.I've sampled three cakes here:1. Carrot cake. They had samples of it at the front of the store. The BF and I had one each when we came in and grabbed one each when we walked out. So delicious. Plenty of walnuts, the cream cheese frosting was on point and the carrot cake itself was incredible. It was seriously the best carrot cake either of us had ever had.2. Red velvet cake. We bought a slice of this to go, for $8.50. When I heard the price, I wasn't that shocked considering the look of the cake and the fact that Intermezzo charges around the same price for their cakes. When we got home and I opened the box, I discovered WHY they charge $8.50. It was seriously the most enormous slice of cake I have ever seen. No wonder they needed a full-size takeaway container for it. Best red velvet cake ever, by the way. It was rich but not too rich. I savored every bite. The cake had that bit of tang to it that a lot of bakeries miss in the red velvet cakes. The cream cheese frosting went very well with it.3. Strawberry shortcake. My friend ordered this cake for his wife's birthday. It was $58 for the large size. There were 12-14 of us at dinner and it easily served all of us, with leftovers. While this cake was also delicious, it was my least favorite of the three. I wish there were more strawberries in between the layers. The whipped cream covering the cake was very good; I am glad it wasn't too sweet. The yellow sponge cake was a bit heavier than I would have liked... I prefer lighter, fluffier cake for a strawberry shortcake. Still, it was seriously a very good cake.Definitely coming back to try their other cakes! I have my eye on the raspberry white chocolate mousse...
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,2/18/2013,49,92,5,9,6>I must start this off by saying that I HATE BUFFETS!!!  I worked as a food safety scientist for a really long time and hate buffets and the havoc that they cause.  With that being said, this is one of the only buffets that I can actually eat at and enjoy my meal without the impending fear that I am going to die a slow death of a food borne illness. I really don't want to die of some Alien type virus taking over my body.   The buffet here is pretty clean and the food is kept at safe temperatures.  It is a small buffet which allow the food to be changed out on a regular basis.  I have only been here during lunch of which I have to heed a warning.  Going back to work after eating here can be dangerous.   What I will say is this, this place is so so good.  I bough my Barbadian friend to see if she would tell me that she liked the food and if it was "authentic" and she said that is was really scrumptious.   She enjoyed it. The buffet is like a little dream of jerk chicken and other stuff that I don't really know the name of but will eat all day long.  The food is delicious. I think I said that already.  .   The staff is super nice and makes you want to come back time and time again even if it is a buffet.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,2/17/2013,336,485,2,8,3>Loved it!Birthday dinner, per usual. Never been here, and saw so many great reviews, that I ditched my regular sushi rolls, and tried some of what other Yelpers were saying. Boyfriend and I picked up the tab for the birthday boy and his girlfriend, and for 4 of us, the total came to roughly $150 with 18% gratuity included. All the plates were very presentable, showing that the chef actually put work and heart into the rolls. Everything was delicious, and I'm SUPER picky about my rolls, so this is a spot we're definitely going to keep coming back too.Sake bombs on the HOUSE! ;]The rolls we ordered: (Including birthday boy & girlfriend. Some were repeats so I only listed them once)Smack Yo Mama rollFlying Fish RoeSalmon Skin RollCrazy RollCherry Blossom Roll Smelt RoeArigato RollSalmon RoeVolcano RollOmakazeI don't think you can go wrong with any of the rolls that they have. The menu is VERY clear about each and every roll, so ditch your regular, and try something new. I bet you'll end up loving this place!
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,2/16/2013,84,81,,6,4>Awesome helpful employees. Great selections. Good Prices.I shop here weekly and am always impressed by the character of the staff.  Such helpful people! They have a great selection of organic produce.  I love their pre-packaged meals which are ready to go for a quick lunch or dinner.My favorite paleo staples can be found here:Organic produceOrganic Grass fed meats & nitrate free hot-dogsAlmond & coconut milkRaw cashewsdried mangoorganic picklesNo-sugar added cacao chocolateSunflower butterI used to eat every hummus variety that they offered, since going paleo I'm not allowed hummus, but I can attest that its fabulous.Also, they have great deals on supplements (vit. C in particular) and health & beauty items. Not to mention the cheap wine selection!I just love trader joes & the items they offer.  I have found their brand to be very good quality.  As you can tell, I'm an extremely loyal customer and recommend to anyone!! :)
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,2/13/2013,62,133,3,5,5>I'm a fan!  Yep I am.  I'll be back.  You certainly don't come here for the ambiance or the decor.  Some places adorn pictures of famous actors, while this place adorns pictures of people that have been coming here for 10 years or more, including CB (who I'm told gets his name from being a Cheap Ba****), and a picture of "the new owner" which is strikingly like Obama...The highlight you go for is the burger.  I should have taken the advice and gotten the double burger, because the burgers are not thick but they really are tasty.  If you go, get the french, double pattie.  If you are looking for a good alternate side, try the grits, they were thick and tasty with cheese, just like I like em.the PRICE, now that's what you come for.  A Burger for $3.50??  Did I just travel back in time?  Tab for two of us was $11.  My walet went in almost as thick as it went out.Rhea himself (well his name is actually Jimmy, THAT makes sense right) is a trip.  Not at all shy, and not at all afraid to speak his mind.  Sit at the bar and chew the fat with him - but only if you aren't easily offended if the conversation continues for a while!  There's a couple of tables to sit at as well if you'drather.  It's not just take out, as the name suggests.This place doesn't blow your mind, but for an even keel of flavor, price and experience this should definately go in your to-do list.  And take cash, no plastic here!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,2/11/2013,51,304,2,5,4>We tried Double Zero shortly after they opened and there were a lot of kinks. So we never got around to going back and I never got around to writing a review.  But, after Franco closed down in Crabapple, we became desperate for some Napoletana close by so we decided to give it another shot during National Pizza Week!Wow.  I can't believe it has been so long since we were here.  They have a great bar with a good whiskey list and a great list of specials every night. The muscles are really good (this was a special).  We had the Affettati!  It was an explosion of flavor.  The meats were top shelf and were in perfect balance with the San Marzano tomatoes and the sweet charred crust.  This is a great, well crafted pie.Sooo we decided to bob back in there a few days later for the possible beginning of an addiction, this time adding the Calabria peppers to the Affettati.  Perfect!
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,2/10/2013,30,507,5,9,4>Well, hello Peach Bellini! Where have you been all my life? How can I give a proper review of Capers without first bringing up their amazing bellini's! The peach bellini has cured many bad days at the office and even sobered me up on the weekends! The bellini has chunks of fresh peaches on the bottom of a beautiful champagne flute and you are given your own "party" mini-bottle of champagne that you can add as much or as little as you want. But who are we kidding, I add it all! This is a curious little drink considering after your second...or third one, you can't tell you've been drinking until you stand up! It is so light and refreshing I can only hope they don't take it off their menu as the season changes. The ambience inside is surprising for a strip mall in the middle of the suburbs. It is tastefully chic with black and white toile chairs, crisp, white tablecloths and beautifully colorful oil paintings throughout. They play French music, which relaxes me (or was it my fourth bellini?) and the wait staff is always prompt and professional. There are several tables throughout the restaurant that have high back, comfy chairs that you almost sink in to as you sit-I love that! It makes me feel at home.I have been to Capers alone or with girlfriends and while everyone tries something new I tend to stick with their Cobb county salad, Capers own version of the Cobb salad. A generous bowl of fresh mixed greens, diced eggs, apple wood smoked bacon, sweet red onion, roma tomatoes, thick grated cheddar cheese and honey mustard dressing. Between the bellinis and the salad I never leave here hungry! I only wish they weren't closed on Mondays! I am generally only in the area on Mondays but it gives me an excuse to stop in during the week for a mid day peach bellini!
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,2/9/2013,150,120,3,7,7>This place puts out some amazing donuts! They don't have anything really innovative or out there  but that's not what they are about. Sara Donuts is about taking the everyday donuts and executing them to perfection. I've yet to have a donut form this place that is been bad or disappointing. My recommendation is the Red Velvet !
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,2/8/2013,309,376,3,5,4>This is a solid 4-star lunch spot. My coworkers and I regularly come here for our lunch breaks, and the wait staff are incredibly nice - they always greet us at the door, seat us promptly, and bring our drinks out immediately (which they always remember!). The restaurant is very mindful that most folks in the area have a limited amount of time for lunch, so they are quick to take your order, bring out your food, and conclude your checks. They do take credit cards, and never have an issue with splitting checks.The bento boxes here are very good - each one comes with soup (miso) AND salad (ginger dressing), with california rolls (4 pieces) and tempura (1 piece shrimp and a selection of veggies) to round out your main dish. The bento box selections are reasonably priced for the area, especially for the amount of food you are getting. There is also a lunch chirashi bowl (if you like that sort of thing) which is pretty good (not as good as circle sushi's lunch chirashi bowl, but cheaper for sure).All in all, a solid lunch spot, although keep in mind prices go up for dinner (with the same offerings).
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,2/7/2013,63,215,9,3,2>Before you read this review, please wait 45 minutes.  Why?  Because that's how long I had to wait to be seated so I think it's only fair.  =)Yea.  It was packed.  People were stacked on top of each other.  Next time, seriously, I'm wearing a red t-shirt and a white apron and just walking back to the pass to get myself a plate of whatever is ready.Ok, to the review...I started with their signature 7 Onion Soup.  Excellent.  All of those prior onion soups I've ever had were mere shadows of what an onion soup is *supposed* to be, I now realize.  You must order this soup.  But, not so much that there's none left for me.Next, the Roasted Pear Salad.  Fair enough.  Big half slice of pear.  Yummy.  But, my mine was still on the terrific onion soup.Finally, the London Broil.  It was supposed to be medium.  Definitely not cooked medium.  I had a hard time cutting and chewing it.  Very disappointed in that, but the place was still a mess of people and I wanted to get out of there.  The onion rings that sat atop were probably the best onion rings I'd ever introduced to my lips, though.  So, there's that.Oh, the Chocolate Raspberry Martini was okay.  I just needed something to hold and toy with during that 45 minute wait.  Seriously people, go eat somewhere else and leave Salt Factory to me.  =)
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,2/6/2013,57,149,,8,4>When I had first moved to Atlanta, about 5 years ago, I started taking my 2 kitties, Lily and Onyx, to Cat Care of Vinings.  I lived in the Smyrna / Vinings area at that time.  Anyways, I had always though the service I received was wonderful and Dr. Michael was always very thorough.  You can tell she gets cats. The only downside is that the services at Cat Care of Vinings can be a bit pricier than other vets and they refused to fill prescriptions via 1-800-PETMEDS.  Supposedly some of the medications through that company can be expired or counterfeit?  Personally, I just like the convenience of 1-800-PETMEDS.When I moved to Doraville a few years, I stopped going to Cat Care of Vinings just because it was easier to go to a vet who was a bit closer.  Unfortunately, Onyx started behaving oddly one day so I took her to my new vet to see what was wrong.  They did an x-ray and told me Onyx perhaps had cancer (there was a large mass in her chest) and would probably need to be put to sleep soon, since she was having problems breathing.  Maybe I was in denial, but I couldn't stand the idea of putting my 8-year old fur kid to sleep.  So I decided that a 2nd opinion was necessary.That's when I took Onyx back to Cat Care of Vinings.  After further examination by Dr. Amanda, it looks like Onyx had congestive heart failure NOT cancer.  Things were looking grim for sweet Onyx and I couldn't accept her prognosis just yet and opted to take Onyx to the emergency animal hospital for further evaluation.  The staff at Cat Care of Vinings were just wonderful.  They called the emergency animal hospital to let them know I was coming with a very sick kitty.  And they even let Onyx stay on oxygen, to help her breathe, until I was able to head on over to the hospital.Sadly, I ended up having to put an end to Onyx's suffering, despite all of the tests and visiting 3 different veterinarians over the course of a day.  And even though I hadn't been a regular customer for a few years, Cat Care of Vinings still sent me a sympathy card, signed by their entire staff, which is just really sweet and nice.Not that the "new" vet I had been seeing was awful.  They actually have very good reviews on Yelp.  But I think I will be going to Cat Care of Vinings from here on out for Lily's care, even if it means paying more and driving farther.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,2/5/2013,69,313,3,5,3>This seems to be a staple of friends bachlorette parties. and family outings   We go next door and grab a growler or 3... and then come on over and get our paint on.  I have a tendency to paint food and water bowls for my Bassett Hound Id love to think that I am artistic and creative, but then i would be delusional. This is an outing that is fun for everyone, You can be artsy fartsy or lucky to draw a stick figure, and between the helpful staff and HUGE selection of things to do, there really is something for everyone, and now they have glass-ery too!   Cant wait for them to put out the groupons again!!
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,2/4/2013,52,190,4,5,2>PREFACE - I should note at 40 this was my second massage and first in the last decade.  I did have some nerves going in...  But I needed a massage to treat a pinched nerve.EXPERIENCE -  The moment I walked in and said hello, it was obvious I was a rookie.  Rather than push me through, the receptionist took time to ask me questions in a way I didn't feel stupid and walk me through the process.  I was early and at no point in the entire process was I "up sold" (maybe previous review helped).I was taken to a really nice "holding area" (which was a little warm... But I'm a dude... Rookie... It's a spa... IDK).  Less than 3 mins later my therapist (Samantha) greeted me and brought me back to the massage room.  I cant lie. I was a little nervous...  I'm a slightly above average size guy and I was there for a deep tissue massage and Samantha  is tiny.  But she made me feel comfortable and just killed it on the massage!  I didn't get an 'instant' cure but I did get relief!  I'm looking forward to the days ahead, and I will definitely be back!
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2012,2/3/2013,58,153,2,2,2>I love you Flying Biscuit.  I don't throw around that phrase very often.I never had grits like that in my entire life.  Im not really well-verse in grits.  We didn't really eat them growing up, I guess its a southern type of food..but damn this place has to do it right cuz it dances on my taste buds like no other.  So far, all I've tried is the Piedmont Omelet.  Filled with everything you want in one.  Delicious!! Anytime I passed this place, there were always people waiting outside to be seated, thats when I knew I had to give it a shot. The people that work there seem to actually care about how everything is going.  Excellent service. This will be my ultimate breakfast spot as long as I live down here. Once a week? YUP!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,2/2/2013,49,357,2,5,1>I think I have found heaven on earth here! I'm not kidding either.I stopped by after noticing my awful, sandal wearing hooves during my yoga class. Fortunately for me, Yelp directed me to Nail Talk etc. I arrived at 11:30 a.m. and was immediately greeted and directed to select a color. Now, a majority of their polishes are OPI and they have a rainbow of selections, each color palette organized very well.I decided on both a mani and pedi. The nail tech was great, although she seemed very shy and didn't speak much. The chairs took a bit to get used to because I think my remote control was not working that great (i.e. I would select "kneading" and it would take a min or two before starting up.) As I was getting my pedi, I noticed that there were at least 3 guys there also getting pedicures, and the awesome thing was that they weren't together. I love it when guys take care of their feet, because, lets face it, gross feet is just, well... gross!The decor/ambiance was nice. You can tell, they put some thought into the decoration here, and everything has almost a luxurious feel about it. I started chatting with my nearest neighbor who was also getting a mani/pedi and she informed me that she makes the drive all the way from Marietta to get her nails done because they are that good.At this point, I kinda just raised an eyebrow. I mean, the pedi was coming along fine, but it wasn't on a level where I would make that kind of drive... yet.But then, my mind changed. Another nail tech came to start on my mani. My nail tech who was doing my pedi took off her gloves and washed her hands, returned and started on a mind-blowing scalp, neck and back massage while I was getting a mani. It was amazing!! I desperately needed one and she hit all the right spots. It was pure heaven. I really just cannot rave about this enough.Days after my mani/pedi treat, my nails still looks great. There aren't any chips, and no hang nails either. Yes, it was expensive (about $50 not including tip), but I don't get my nails done that often, but when I do, I will definitely come back!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,2/1/2013,26,85,4,7,4>Stopped by one night with my wife to have a drink at the bar. We had already had dinner but the menu looked intriguing so we ended up ordering the salt and pepper calamari and grilled octopus. Both were delicious with excellent flavors but the amount of octopus on the plate was disappointing. We returned for lunch today with the kids and ordered 9 tapas (too many for 5 people by the way). Had the Noche Nachos, Pork Carnitias, Huevos Rancheros con Chorizo y Papas, House Fried Chicken, Catalan Shrimp, Steamed Mussels in a Lobster Chili Broth, Shrimp and Green Chili Grits and the Seafood Paella. You never know what the portion size is going to be but it was a generous amount of food. I think 2 tapas each is more than enough food to share. Everything was delicious and it was great to taste so many items (which is why I love Tapas style). Not a big fan of Paella but theirs was excellent. My favorite was the carnitas, the calamari, and the Shrimp with Green Chili Grits. The only disappointment was the size of the $8 mexican mojito drink. It's great having two great places to eat so close to our house as Marlowe's Tavern is a few doors down.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,1/31/2013,30,88,1,5,3>I was led to this restaurant by Yelp, so thank you for that. The food was amazing. I had the dol sot kimchi bibimbap, which I would wholeheartedly recommend to anyone visiting this restaurant. I could tell the ingredients were fresh and the sides were well prepared. If you are new to Korean cuisine, this is an excellent place to start.Two orders of bibimbap (for myself and my girlfriend, there's plenty of food in one order) and a beer ran me about $30-35. I felt like it was a good deal, although other reviewers seem to think it is a little overpriced. Sides come free with the main and there was plenty of food for the both of us.Wo Nam Jeong Stone Bowl House is a little difficult to find. It's on Buford Hwy, heading north, outside 285. The entrance to the parking lot is just after the intersection with Oakcliff on the right. It is the complex right before Sushi House Hayakawa, if that helps.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,1/30/2013,328,633,1,9,4>More treadmills than you can shake a stick at.  Pools, trainers and spas, oh my!It is more than a gym. There is a yoga studio, a cafe, rock climber's wall, basketball court, racquetball courts, personal training area, plus the usual machines a plenty.  Plus, there are multiple pools - 2 Indoor (one zero-entry) and an outdoor.They are not super sales-y (which I hate sales-y), and my trainer is just pushy enough for my taste.  They do let kids in, but you have to be 12 to get upstairs where the real workouts happen, so they are not underfoot at all.  The place is never full of hard bodies, so I feel like I fit in and can workout with being ogled or harassed - that's all that matters to me.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,1/28/2013,80,162,4,7,5>Well, they impressed me enough that I got a membership. For me personally, it was the best deal around. Unlimited shooting and the ability to drop by and fire just a few shots if I want. That made it worth it right there. Are there cheaper place to shoot? Maybe, maybe not. I had been going to an outdoor rifle range on the west side, which I still like and will occasionally go to. Here is the problem - by the time I drove there and back the "cheap rates" had become WAY more expensive!!! So when I need to sight in a rifle I'll still go, but for pistol and 25/35 offhand rifle shooting SSGR it is!!!There are, and this is what keeps it from being five star rated, much cheaper places to buy accesories, etc... the convenience factor is definitely priced in, and it is worth something to be sure. I'm pretty good about planning purchases though and end up getting most of my supplies via the internet due to this.The folks I've met so far are extremely friendly and seem to really welcome new shooters and want to help them. From my personal experience this isn't as common as you'd think! there are a lot of know-it-alls in the gun business... I haven't done any training at SSGR yet, nor have I used their armory. I'll be curious to see how that goes.Oh, and you can shoot anything short of a 50 BMG there. For me, that is a bonus.now, if I could just get Liz V to come and shoot with me!!!  ;)
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,1/27/2013,131,163,4,17,9>Sushi Mania just transitioned to John's Creek from Brookhaven, where they were apparently forced out by a Kroger expansion.  I never visited the old location but stopped in the new place today for lunch.  They are in a small space in the shopping center with Marlow's Tavern at the Old Alabama / Jones Bridge intersection.Service was very friendly and the hostess seated me at the bar.  I like eating at the bar when ordering sushi because it's fun to watch the chefs prepare your fish.  Good knife work is a spectacle worth enjoying.They offer lunch specials in the $8-9 range that include soup & salad with various assortments of sushi, sashimi, rolls, teriyaki, etc.  I ordered the lunch combo featuring an assortment of 11 pieces of sushi and sashimi.  You can specify which pieces you want, but I requested that the chef make the selection and surprise me.  This is especially fun to do when visiting a new sushi place for the first time because it will tell you a lot about the restaurant, the menu and the chef.  Sometimes you'll be pleasantly surprised and sometimes you'll be disappointed - but you'll know immediately whether it's the kind of place you want to visit again.The salad and soup came out first and they were pretty standard.  I mostly focused on the chef preparing my entree because I could see that he was plating up a nice variety of fish.  The presentation was terrific and my mouth was watering before the plate was even served to me.  Everything was extremely fresh, well cut and flavorful.  The selection included some salmon with roe, hamachi, hokkigai, buri, maguro, and even some anago.  It was a nice variety of fish, clam and eel that gave me a well-rounded sampling of the menu.A small bowl of rice came on the side, and this was some of the best sushi rice I've had in the Atlanta area.  Texturally it was perfect and it had a great flavor too.  I usually don't gush over rice, but then again few restaurants really nail it like this place did.It wasn't particularly busy in the restaurant while I ate but I'm hoping that's because they just opened a couple of weeks ago.  I'd like to see this location succeed because they're dishing up some terrific sushi at reasonable prices, and I could walk here if I wanted to.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,1/26/2013,27,81,3,7,3>First, I would like to open this view with a single word:  Wow!  And now, from my husband's point of view.  At first, he wasn't personally keen on the whole ''pasta'' idea because of our diet, but when I mentioned ''It's like a pasta style Moe's'', his interest was rather peaked.  He and I both like how clean it is and as a plus for people on a diet, ''low-carb pasta!''  Nice!  And now on to the ''overall'' review;  Though a rather new place, even for as long as it has been standing I'd have to say that all the review ratings so far are on par, and I'm glad to join in with a 5 star.  The staff is very polite and have a great sense of humor. I really appreciate their example of teamwork with preparing your food.  The place is very clean and evenly toned in the artful colors of black, red, and white with a unique style to it that makes it perfect for a family/date/game night (with the TVs playing the game and such) and music that is not too loud or shabby to listen to while you dine.    Food is rather affordable and refreshingly different from the norm in the area, with plenty of toppings, pasta, and sides to choose from!  I tried the ''cap pasta'' (or so I call it) with Alfredo sauce and shrimp.  It was very tasty with my freshly made roll (RIGHT before my very eyes!) and a cookie. The cookie is worth the $2, be sure to give it a go!    So to wrap things up in a fine twist, next time you need somewhere new to go for perhaps a first date, a night with the friends, or just to have an enjoyable luncheon that is sure to have you feeling full and happy, check this place out! The staff is happy to see you and ready to whip you up a quick dish!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,1/25/2013,180,306,2,4,3>This is some old school Q done right. Dad and I absolutely love the place and we consider ourselves barbeque connoisseurs. Located in the Ingles shopping plaza just diagonal from the Main Street / 92 intersection in Woodstock, the place has doubled in size over the past year thanks to local support from the patrons.The decoration here speaks for itself... trophies and ribbons. Talk about letting your product speak for itself. Everywhere you look are best of and first place for competitions all over the country.Dad and I love the pork and brisket, but find the chicken just ok. Ribs here are amazing and can be served either dry or wet. The Brunswick stew is solid, fried mac and cheese delicious, brisket chili is awesome, and my personal splurge are the corn fritters and collard greens. MMMM, mmmmm, good.It's a no frills local barbeque joint done right. Forget that chain stuff, this is the real deal!
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,1/24/2013,68,272,3,4,4>I came here on a Wednesday morning. The place looked very clean and had lots of comfy seats. They had a large flat-screen TV playing news. The girl who worked there was very friendly and courteous. She even asked me to wait for my drink while seated in one of their many comfy chairs. I can't remember the last time someone had asked me to wait for my bubble tea while seated (even though this is a casual place). She brought my drink out to me. That was really nice! Another nice perk was that she offered my kiddo a free scoop of ice cream! We had to decline due to allergies. I had my usual- coffee milk tea with coffee jelly. It hit the spot as I was really craving for one. The jelly was chewy with the right texture and my coffee milk tea was sweetened just right. Prices were competitive, too. $2.50 for milk teas. They are currently on Scoutmob. They also had a list of coffee drinks which I want to try the next time I go back. Will return when I'm in the area.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,1/23/2013,178,660,4,5,5>The wine selection here was great!  We really liked how things were organized, a challenge sometimes in a larger store like this. They had a bigger-than-usual selection of South African wines, which is a big plus in our book.Prices seemed average, and there were some pretty good specials. This time we just stopped in to buy a bottle of wine to bring to a friend's for dinner, but on a future visit we'll have to investigate the beer section further.On the way out, we noticed a freezer with BEER ICE CREAM. It may seem like  a novelty, but it caught our attention. I've had beer ice cream once in the past and actually enjoyed it quite a bit!
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,1/22/2013,11,215,4,11,3>First visit to Cheeseburger Bobby's...and at the new location in Norcross.  After reading some of the reviews of other locations, we were a bit skeptical.  But...it was really good!The burgers are good, solid beefy burgers...quite good tasting and not covered up with a lot of other stuff.  Could have used a bit more seasoning (salt/pepper during cooking), but otherwise prepared well.  Buns were able to stand up to the patties and hold up throughout eating the burger...at some places the buns fall apart, but not here.The fries were also prepared well...and the available toppings/sauces for the fries stood out.  Being able to get some ranch dressing for the fries without begging was appreciated.Many people have "complained" about the toppings bar, but we like the idea...you can control what you want and the amount that you want.  At many places, the cooks top the burgers and you end up with TONS of ketchup and little lettuce...or vice versa...here, you have full control.One thing that wifey noted was that she liked the music selection playing in the restaurant...it was late 70's/early 80's music...our time of "growing up"...so it went well with the burgers!  Others may not like this music as much!Good place, glad it is near...and looking forward to another visit.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,1/21/2013,87,44,11,21,11>What's this? A new donut shop opened in Alpharetta? That's okay, I'm trying to watch my figure, and I don't need all of that sugar. What's that you say? They claim to make everything fresh, from scratch, with less sugar and organic fruit? Hmm, that sounds pretty good, but I'll bet they don't have very good coffee. Wait, they serve Counter Culture? Where are my keys?!Okay, the little food devil inside my head won me over this morning, and I had to check this place out. I'll admit, I was skeptical because I'm a huge Dutch Monkey Doughnut fan. The display and such actually even made me think of Dutch Monkey when I walked in the door. I ordered a few different kinds for my co-workers and I to try. Apple fritters, a True Strawberry, Reese's Peanut Butter, Dark Chocolate, and a Regular Glazed. I have to say that you could tell that these donuts were different. I didn't feel like I was eating a mound of processed crap like I do at a Dunkin. You can tell there is less sugar in them, but for me that's a good thing. My co-workers agreed that they were just sweet enough. The dough was also very light, fluffy and delicious.Now, I am a big fritter fan. I love my fritters. I tried the apple fritter, and must say that I was a little disappointed. Mine tasted a little burned on the bottom, and wasn't as flavorful as I thought it would be. Maybe I just got the bad apple fritter in the bunch, but I will go back and try them again sometime. All in all I was impressed, especially this being their second day of business. I will be back to see what new creations they have in store. I very much appreciate it when businesses in the food industry aim to show us that you can still indulge without being completely unhealthy, and overloading people with sugar.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,1/19/2013,113,132,5,7,4>I finally found someone that can cut my hair that I trust and she left her previous place of employment. After a really shitty hair cut someplace else I was really stoked to find out that my super stylist works at Dyer and Posta! That I will drive from Inman Park to Kennesaw should tell you how awesome I think Rachel is and how much I love my hair when she is done making me look at least 87% less homeless. I love the decor, the vibe, and the people that Ive dealt with at Dyer & Posta.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,1/18/2013,160,534,10,8,6>As I  walked in, I said to myself, and joked to the staff, "you know it's wrong that you guys are in the same shopping center as an LA Fitness and a Dentist, right?"  It didn't deter me from going in and trying out some delicious cupcakes and it shouldn't stop you either!I went in and got the Red velvet Cupcake, with a light dusting of finely crushed nuts (although they had the cupcakes without nuts as well), for $2.39, but you can make custom orders for multiple cupcakes (sorry, I don't know the price on that).When I took a bite, my first reaction was 'wow, this is moist'.  It almost melted in my mouth!  I couldn't really taste any of the nutty flavor, but the cream cheese frosting was pretty tasty.Cupcake people are also yelp friendly and have a 10% off deal if you just check in.  In addition to being yelp friendly, this place has a punch card deal where if you get 8 punches (one per cupcake), you get one free.So yea, i'm a fan of this little place and i'm certain i'll be back for another punch or three.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2012,1/17/2013,454,253,,12,3>First let me explain that I'm no hot dog expert. I do like a good hot dog or sausage, but only if they have an intensity of flavor and not the flavor of baloney (if fact between my friends we tend to call the cheaper dogs "baloney dogs"). And even though I've spent some time in Chicago, I haven't sampled the renown "Chicago dog" in its native habitat nor do I know why Vienna Beef is any better than what's available from other manufacturers. All that being said, I think I do know good flavor combinations when I encounter them and that's what you can get at Mike's Hot Dogs.To date I've eaten here a handful of times and I've narrowed my selection down to either the spicy Polish, Market Street style or the Italian Beef Sandwich all the way (but not wet). I've been told that the spicy Polish isn't available throughout the year but I've yet to experience a time when it hasn't been available to me. Market Street style includes grill onions with a bit of mustard, some peppers and a pickle spear, all on a fresh baked poppy seed roll. It seems the Chicago dog is distinguished by the poppy-seed bun and being "drug through the garden" - all the veggies and pickles adding to the flavor. In one word, delicious!The Italian Beef sandwich is as close to a culinary and gastrointestinal work of art as you can get in a handheld sandwich. Thinly shaved Vienna beef dredged through au jus right into a slightly rubbery roll (a lighter roll would fall apart) with melted cheese. This is served "hot" (a side of  giardiniera - basically a pickled pepper and veggie concoction similar that provides spiciness, vinegar and crunch as a foil to the fats). Mike's makes a huge sandwich that's savory, flavorful and oh-so-good. You also get a side of au jus that you dip the whole sandwich into, sort of like a French dip - or you can order the sandwich "wet" - the whole thing is dropped into the broth, but expect to eat it with fork and knife.Service is always good but careful during lunch - the line can get quite long and they make things to order. If you're from Chicago, this place may not meet your expectations - I'm really not qualified to tell since I can't compare it to the real thing - however if you like meat, a good sandwich and intense flavors, then give this place a try.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,1/16/2013,101,128,3,8,4>Believe it or not there is a non chain restaruant in east cobb. It's still not destination dining but for the foodie crowd in east cobb it's nice to have a nearby option.It's spacious and modern yet still feels cozy. The outdoor seating area is expansive and doesn't suck because it's in the back of the whole foods shopping center. Just a little Steinmart traffic. It beats peachtree road traffic outdoor seating. Seed is best described as a farm to table bistro. I ordered some grit fritters to feed my love of crunchy fried food. Out come 4 hushpuppy sized tomme filled creamy grit two bite cravable treats. They were resting in some jalepeno jelly sauce. Oh how I love these bites. Shame it was lunch or I'd love two order of them with a couple of cocktails.The soup of the day was thai curried carrot. Silky smooth and delicate on the curry (personal preference on this one) finished with sesame oil. Carrots are not the most pleasant item to puree so I appreciated the effort and the color.  Nice but I think I'll forget it by the weekend.Pumpkin ravioli with sage and pine nuts was my entree. The pasta is really quite thick and homey. I expected it to be a bit more refined here but it was tasty. swimming in a sage brown butter sauce with a generous dose of perfectly cooked criminis and nice crunch of pine nuts. Fall comfort food hit the spot on a cool october day outside. Double chocolate peanut butter crunch bar is fantastic. Ganachy goodness with a peanut butter of caramel like texture crunched up with nuts and what seemed to be crisped rice. Not overly sweet and overall satisfying for a chocolate tooth. Attentive service and lots of tasty menu options. I do believe I will return.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,1/15/2013,117,75,5,13,7>At first glance, Eastern China Taste looks like your typical Chinese takeout...sparse interior, backlit pictures above the register, massive menu, etc. In many ways, it is typical, but it seems to distinguish itself from others in that the interior is warmly lit, the menu looks to be error-free, it's very clean and the cook is Chinese.A lot of takeout restaurants seem to encourage takeout and only takeout...painfully bright fluorescent lights, the single chair or two in the corner, virtually nothing else going on. At ECT, the interior is warmly lit, there's a nice TV on the wall and there are actually a number of tables for dining in. I wouldn't come expecting amazing service, but it feels comfortable enough to dine in.The menu here is easy to read and, if I remember correctly, didn't appear to have any of the typical mistakes you see on a Chinese menu. You know what I'm talking about...confusing text, misspellings galore, dishes lost in translation...The interior is also really clean, from the front to where the tables are to as far back as the eye can see from the ordering counter. That's a plus...and comforting.Finally, the chef cooking my "authentic" Mongolian Beef order was Chinese. Not that the chef/cooks of a restaurant need to match the restaurant's type, nor is that a guarantee of better food, but for some reason it just feels right. Speaking of Mongolian Beef, I ordered it quart-sized and it was good for ~3 meals. A little onion-y and scallion-y, but delicious nonetheless.Will definitely be back here when I'm in the mood for some Americanized Chinese.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2012,1/14/2013,392,475,5,10,7>This park, recently opened in South Forsyth County, with its entrance on Old Atlanta Road, just north of Versenoia Horse Farm, is a passive facility. A small play area, complete with a rope suspension bridge (1 foot off the ground, moms), a fine gravel ADA level walking trail of approx, 1.2 mile length, a nature trail, picnic pavilion, kayak/ canoe ramp, restrooms, human and dog water fountains, and a wonderful view of the adjoining horse farm, all sit on the west bank of the Chattahoochee. This is a perfect outdoor trail for my wife, who is battling small vessel disease of her brain. Today, Saturday, we were one of two vehicles in the substantial parking lot. The walk alongside the river was peaceful, healing, and comfortably cool. Need a place for some 'unwind time'? This is it. What a perfect place to step away from one of the local businesses for a quiet bag lunch!
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,1/13/2013,467,559,6,4,4>Yup, I am a Tower Card carrying, cigar smoking, vegetarian! Tower Beer Wine & Spirits is the Walmart of booze. This is the only liquor store that I automatically get a cart on the way in, knowing all too well that i will need it. Great selection in all departments. Employees are helpful both in the aisles and registers. Always a quick checkout.There are two prices posted, cash or credit (Debit counts as cash!) If you have a Tower Card you can get additional discounts. What i love about this location is they always have a few carts with some deep discounts pushed to the front of the store. I have scored some incredible deals here! Overall, really good prices on everything.Okay, I admit that giving five star reviews to liquor stores may be a sign for help."Here's to alcohol, the cause of -- and solution to -- all life's problems" Homer Simpson
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,1/12/2013,92,193,2,2,3>Taverna Fiorentina is open for lunch now!It's a favorite lunch spot of mine. Nestled away in the confines of Cumberland ..it's quiet, unassuming and quite authentic. First comes the bread...the bread basket here is one of my favorites. It's dense bread that resembles cake...crumbly and with a hint of sweetness. Dipped in a mixture of olive oil and balsamic...it's quite divine. Then comes the entrees...I'm partial to their Ravioli Gnudi (naked ravioli) in a butter and sage sauce. The ravioli is generously portioned as balls of spinach and ricotta and the sauce is a decadent simmered butter sauce...light and full of sage and garlic. Some fresh tomatoes just round out the dish. Around $8 for lunch. The portion size is also perfect...not too little and not too much (no food coma)!The service here has never been something to shout out about but they are civil. The decor is dark and understated and the location is central. I've been here once for dinner. The menu is very strong with what I hear is a great meat sauce and oriochette and their wines are classic. Give this quiet, Italian spot a try someday!
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,1/11/2013,168,202,4,6,7>Love this place!  I had dinner here one evening with a couple of friends.  When we arrived, the place wasn't super busy, but business definitely picked over the couple of hours we were camped out on their patio.While we waited for the 3rd member of our party, we ordered a few beers and the kettle chips appetizer.  The kettle chips come with a super delicious blue cheese sauce that I would honestly put on just about anything.  Once the last member of our party arrived we ordered some fried pickles (overly addictive and unreasonably delicious) and our entrees.  I chose to go with one of their burgers - the Mixed Breed.  While the burger was good, the lack of a sufficient amount of buffalo sauce made it a tiny bit disappointing.  But they do get bonus points for having yummy clam chowder.Service here was excellent, excellent, excellent.  Our server, Laura, was probably the funniest and most entertaining server I've ever had - for serious.  I'd go back just to hang out with her.Oh, and dogs are allowed on the patio!!!  If my little guy wasn't such a problem child in the presence of strangers, I'd definitely take him, grab a few beers and some snacks, and hang out on their patio for hours.  A great neighborhood bar and a fantastic addition to the downtown Roswell area.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,1/10/2013,231,352,5,5,3>This place is amazing. Small yet cozy with delish Korean food. I first heard about this from friends, but never got the chance to go until yesterday with the sister.  We ordered: fried dumplings, spicy chicken kimbob (korean rice rolls ), and spicy kimbob (fishcake is the only major difference). We also got fishcake soup to slurp on.We were warned by our waitress that the kimbobs are very spicy, but we went ahead with our order. Little that we know our mouth was on fire the second we finished masticating the bigger than bite size roll. Luckily we started taking the jalepenos out of the kimbobs and saved ourselves (and our digestive tract). Other than that, friendly service and looking to come back for some hot noodles. cold noodles, and other various selections on the menu!
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,1/9/2013,36,234,2,10,4>Looking at the reviews, Firenze appears to be a hit-or-miss type of place and that held me back from visiting for over a year.  Working in Norcross for almost a decade I knew that places in this shopping center didn't last too long -- it's a horrible location with almost no roadside visibility.  Once Firenze had lasted longer than the average occupant I decided to put it on my "try" list.New Year's Eve rushed up to me and I didn't have a reservation - hopping on OpenTable I saw that Firenze's tables were wide open so my wife and I headed over with some amount of trepidation - we knew that the reviews were iffy, we knew it wasn't going to be crowded - but we decided to take a chance.We arrived and as one of only three other couple were able to get a table.  I felt a bit under dressed as the other two couples were much older and definitely more decked out for a New Years Eve than my wife and I were.  Decor - I just don't know how to classify it as other than "confused".  I know the building has been there for a while.  I'd assume it was built in the 80's when the surrounding neighborhoods were established because the decore inside Firenze points to that time period from the glass block wall to the almost-orange wood trim I've worked so hard to eliminate from my own home.  On the other hand the "wait for your seat" area is decked out in a totally modern scene with low chairs surrounding a small table and a beautiful low glass lighting thingy.But, I gotta say, decor when it's bad doesn't usually take away from my meal -- good decor can enhance it, but as long as the food and service are good I don't care about the glass blocks.Firenze surprised us with a prix fixe menu - it wouldn't been too much of a surprise if they had mentioned it on their website.  That's really the only negative about the food - my wife and I had already picked out what we'd wanted to eat and we had to improvise.  Food - the food was exceptionally good.  A quick rundown of what we ordered: arugula salad, tomato basil soup with calamari and shrimp, sicilian veal chop on italian ratatouille, braised short ribs on bed of polenta, red wine glazed pears with vanilla gelato and a lemon cheesecake.  Wow.  Not one of those dishes was anything other than delicious.  Truly good choices all around.Service - our server, Al, was superb.  He was funny and convivial but not too pushy.  Midway through our soup/salad course he brought us some complimentary prosecco  and a side dish of grilled salami on a bed of lentil.  Wow, just really good.  Chef Andrea came out during the meal to check on us as well.I'll be coming back at a later date to try out some of the other menu options on their normal menu.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,1/8/2013,84,85,2,7,4>Hello Fellow Yelpers,First of, I am a big fan of Movie Tavern especially since the Tucker location is right down the street from my house and they still provide student ticket pricing EVERYDAY, unlike the big two movie theater franchises. What some patrons do not know is that there are two types of Movie Tavern locations. Tucker being a "Original" Movie Tavern, and the Suwanee/Horizon Village being a "Premium" Movie Tavern Location. Differences: "...At our Original locations, you place your order and pay at the counter in our lobby. At our Premier locations your order is taken in (the) cinema by your personal server prior to the movie, and there is also a call button if you change your mind about dessert."Source: movietavern.com/faqTip; there are two kiosk within the lobby area on opposite ends that allow you to buy movie tickets (yes, even STUDENT price) with a credit/debit card.Just for reference of this review; we watched a 10:50 pm showing of Taken 2 on a Saturday night.Located right before the movie theater main hallway is a "cafe" area where drinks and food can be ordered to eaten before/after going into your movie. Movie Tavern's website recommends arriving 45 mins early before the show of the movie. While the Tucker location is more lax about this, I would try to arrive early for the Suwanee location due to the server taking orders by each row before the start of the movie. Seating in the theater consists of leather type theater chairs that are set to recline back. There is no manual adjustment. So anyone wanting to sit up properly will have to do so of their own accord. Granted these chairs are more comfortable and generously spaced unlike studio movie grill's "executive" office chairs. Each chair does have it's own swivel "paddle" shape table built into each seat. I find it clever that each paddle table is engineered to stop rotation at almost 90 degrees, therefore no punking/hijinks of someone pulling a three stooges move right before you get up. Built in to the arm rest is a metal cup holder for fountain drinks. Coffee drinks are left to be placed on the table.Between each row has very spacious room to walk through, no stepping on toes for those excusing them selves to the rest room.Our server was very attentive as we switched seating to the first row on the upper section, she apologized in advance that she would have to take our orders last. Which I didn't mind as we ate a very satisfying meal at Haru Ichi Ban in Duluth for dinner. She would even come check on us occasionally to make sure we were good. This service made the experience much more than just a theater that serves food, but more of a casual restaurant that provides a movie during dining.Since we were both stuffed, we opted to share a red velvet with chocolate and strawberry sauce (more like syrup) with two cups of coffee. I would say both are "not bad, but ok." The richness of the cake complimented well with the coffee. By any means this isn't say... Starbucks level for coffee, but definitely beats the generic stuff bought for the office break room. With the deals we bought through groupon for Movie Tavern, I will see if the service stays consistent and try out other types of food that seemed pretty good from what other patrons ordered near by us in future visits. Since we watched of the last Taken 2 showings, the servers walked through the walkways holding up glow in the dark signs displaying last call for alcohol and food orders. It was a very cute version of the round cards ladies would walk in the ring with at a boxing/mma event .I recommend this location and  will also plan to watch upcoming future movies here for service and the provided level of comfort. As for the actual food items, please check back for later reviews.Until then fellow Yelpers, ciao for now.P.S. Taken 2 was surprisingly a good movie. Very well paced, enough suspense and action to please every average movie goer. I had my doubts during the movie previews and trailers, but definitely deserves a recommendation.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2012,1/7/2013,182,379,3,4,3>Bowling. Not the first thing that pops into my mind when I hear "Oasis." ;)Anyhow, yet another tradition with the bestie lead us here. It happened to be Dollar Night, so it was pretty cheap to rent shoes and reserve our lane for a couple of games. We were originally assigned a lane where the accompanying table was being used by other people to hold their pitchers of beer, so we switched to the lane beside it, no problem.The place was very clean (e.g. the finger holes in the bowling balls aren't greasy) and there are a lot of other things to do besides bowling, if that's not your thing. There's an enclosed room where you can shoot pool and a pretty big arcade to play games. They also have poker every Tuesday and Sunday with prizes and a DJ and karaoke Friday & Saturday 9PM-close.There is a sports bar where they serve a good variety of food. They have a full bar, with a longgg list of shooters and drinks, priced mostly around $5-$9, to.. help you bowl better. ;)The only downside of the night was that the system kept messing up. E.g. numerous times, it would read the number of pins that fell incorrectly, and therefore, gave an inaccurate score. All in all, a pretty fun place to be. Apparently it is a REALLY fun place to be, because this was our third attempt at bowling here within a week's time. They take their leagues pretty seriously, because they fill up almost the entire place when they come.FYI, the Winter bowling specials:~Early birds - $9.99/person for 2 hours and shoes - Monday through Friday 10AM-5PM~Industry Night - Free bowling for those working in industry - Monday 10PM-close and Thursday 11PM-close~Unlimited weekends - $16.99/person - Friday & Saturday 10PM-2AM$2 Games - Sunday 10AM - 1PM~Dollar Night - $1 games - Sunday, Tuesday, & Wednesday 9PM-close
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,1/6/2013,32,64,2,3,3>my sis and the beau are HUGE fans of mexican food. because they both love this place, i have to give it 5 stars despite the slow (but friendly) service.  can i blame them for being short staffed?when i first came here with my sister, we just got a few tacos, guac, and pico de gallo.  the tacos were reasonably priced at $1.50 each.  we saw some other people getting something that looked delicious, but i was too shy to ask about it and order it.when i brought the beau here, we saw another group getting the dish that my sis and saw before.  i am not sure of the name (still can't speak spanish even after visiting 3 spanish-speaking countries) but it was "something el dorado." basically, it comes in a stone looking bowl, two cheese quesadillas, several strips of chicken, steak, sausage, avocado, leek (i think?), onions, cheese, all in some type of soupy/salsa concoction. soft tortillas came on the side.  i was feeling greedy so we ordered a chicken taco and a steak taco as well as guacamole.but holy moly! that "something el dorado" dish was MORE than enough to fill us up. (excuse my ignorance but i have since learned that it's called MOLCAJETE el dorado).  it was soooo fresh and delicious.  again, i'm not sure of the price but i think it was around $14.  the tacos were just mediocre compared to this dish.  i regretted ordering the tacos and eating them first, especially the steak one.  despite sitting uncomfortably in a weird shaped booth close to the door, we enjoyed our dining experience that night.so, the beau definitely wants to come back here.  he asked to rate it 4.5 rounded up to 5. so here it is.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2012,1/5/2013,40,374,2,3,2>These guys have absolutely everything a traveling technologist in dire need could want.I found myself desperately looking for certain kinds of fiber optic patch cables and fiber-copper transceivers while on business in Atlanta, and remembered Fry's saving my bacon while on business in SoCal 10 years ago.  Looks like they have kept the same great business ethos, and flavoured it with southern hospitality.I ordered my products online for store pickup, and there was a little snafu at the time I got to the store.  Not to fear - Tony Kirk was an absolute rockstar, leaving his station at the register and walking me to the aisles where my products were hiding, enlisting the aid of specialists in the electronics section to be sure I got what I needed.  While walking and talking with him, I realized I needed some other things while I was at this centre of everything IT, and picked up various other connectors and cables "just in case".  Customer service totally made the sale of Fry's to me triple, as I walked out with much more than I'd expected to come pick up, but it was totally worth it.  Engaged customer care, coupled with extraordinary selection, will make me come back if I am ever in need of tech kit in Atlanta again.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2012,1/4/2013,69,61,3,6,3>Oh Hello, I live here. (or might as well)I don't even know where to begin... From the massive, never ending amount of banchans (small dishes) to their delicious EVERYTHING! I have officially signed my divorce papers with So Dong Kong and have officially moved in with A-Hyang. JK.WHY I AM ADDICTED:* BANCHAN MADNESS!!!!* Super clean restaurant with very kind, friendly, & fast young servers.* Anytime you order the 2 person / 3 person big stews. they will make fried rice when you are done. Fried rice is made in front of you and it is delicious!! ( unfortunately you have to ask for it. or else they won't make it )* I usually hate SPICY COLD NOODLES. But I absolutely love it here. It is more refreshing rather than feeling like you are eating a mouth full of pepper paste.* YUK GAE JANG was really good as well. It was a little too spicy for my liking but the taste was so good, i couldn't stop.* BUDAE JIGAE was also exceptionally good. this is the one we got with the fried rice at the end. Beware it does have spam in it. I love it, but if it's not your thing, just ask them to make it without. Don't forget to turn off the portable stove after a couple minutes. you don't want your noodles to over cook! if you don't know how to turn it off properly. just ask your server to do it. it's a bit tricky.* GALBI DOLSOT BIBIMBAP, definitely the crunchiest bibimbap i've ever had! I like how they used BBQ Rib chunks rather than ground meat. If you are not a crunchy-rice person. please stay away from this. * Last but not least.... FRUITY SLUSHY. I've always gotten strawberry slushy with my visit. But according to previous reviewers, they also offer other flavors. I guess it's just random.Go experience it yourself. Let me know if i've converted you too. :)
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2012,1/3/2013,9,117,2,4,4>Great dinner this past Saturday with friends. Great waiter, Don...started with a nice Red blend from WA state. I had the shrimp cocktail, if you love giant shrimp you must have this. Love the cocktail sauce too. They also have a nie selections of oysters, too. We all had steaks. One had dry aged, one had prime, and the ladies had the wagayu cut. Everyone had plenty of steak. The sides were decadent too...brussel sprouts & king crab Mac & cheese.  The guys had the bourbon bread pudding & the girls tried the sweet potato cheesecake.nthe bread pudding was a great hit!. The chef came out and spent time with us & the owners stopped by as well ! Great atmosphere, except tables by door a bit chilly due to no wait area...bring a jacket, shawl, or sweater just in case!  Nice addition to Roswell!
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,1/2/2013,910,392,5,14,6>The idea of a movie and dinner at the same place was something I've avoided. I assumed it was overly expensive for mediocre food. Just like how popcorn is 12 bucks at a normal theater. But to my surprise, the food although a little pricey is worth it. The food here is really good. Portion sizes are really giving. Their presentation is really nice too. Too bad during the movie its dark, its difficult to see their presentation of food. The sound system is really good here as well. definitely took care to market his a nice place. I'd definitely say to come here. The crowd is older and you don't  I think because of the setup, you don't get those families bringing their crying kids or teenagers giggling and making noises. Really good atmosphere. Service is good. You get a buzzer at your seat to buzz for a waiter if you need something. Drinks are reasonable priced as well.  Good date night.My only suggestion to the owners. Some of the tray tables are slanted and the dishes will slide towards you. Maybe get some non slip surface to put the plates on so it doesn't fall into my lap when a bomb explodes.Great place. Definitely something I will come back to
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,1/1/2013,108,284,1,2,2>I have Persians friends but never had Persian food. I ventured out to Rumi's Kitchen tonight with my bestie, non Persian btw, cause we wanted to try something different.Since I have never been to the old location, I cannot compare. It's located right next to IHOP and it's valet only. I had already checked out the menu before going there and had an idea what I wanted. The waiter was really sweet and helpful. He was very knowledgeable of the menu. Interesting point is all waiters were males and the hostesses were all females. The interior is beautiful. I felt at home. I ordered the Chicken Barg and my friend ordered the Chicken Kabob. Honestly, when both of our dishes came out the same time, they looked very similar, boneless chicken meat between a grill roma tomato & saffron rice. The dish was very flavorful. My friend wanted dessert but most of the them had nuts in them, she's allergic to nuts, there's one dish - Persian Ice Cream Sandwich. Unfortunately, the dessert took longer to get to the table than our entrees. Sucky part also is that even though nuts was not listed on the menu, there were some in the sandwich, thank goodness we could see otherwise, my friend could've been to the ER. Other than that, it was a nice experience. I will still go back
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2012,12/31/2012,26,338,2,3,2>We had to get our 42 inch Philips flat screen repaired when it was having problems. They were very honest about the cost of the parts. They were not pushy and actually said due to the price it may not be worth the hassle. We decided to fix it any way and for under 300 dollars parts and labor the TV is as good as new. It took a couple weeks from drop off to pick up. This is partly because we took a short while to decide if we wanted to fix it or not. Once the parts were ordered it was fixed quickly and I was called right away. The customer service is great. They called and checked up with me from time to time to let me know what the status was. I would suggest this shop to anyone. They also do warranty work so keep that in mind.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,12/30/2012,264,265,3,5,3>This place is really awesome. I mean it. Three of us got the sashimi and sushi deluxe (included sashimi: mackerel, salmon, clam, and red snapper, nigiri:  salmon, flounder, tuna, squid, octopus, and something else, and tuna maki roll), geisha roll, dragon roll, and lambada roll. We left completely stuffed. But the quality of the fish, the respect for the soy sauce...man, amazing. Their squid with shiso leaf...my eyes bugged out. Definitely a positive, fresh experience and totally new flavor profile. It was delightful! I loved their matcha (wasn't even gritty at the bottom!). Service was really great; our lady in the pretty yukata was totally understanding with us, even brought us an extra bowl of edamame on the house. The chefs seemed totally personable. If I had money, I'd totally be a patron of this house. tl;dr: fresh, quality fish treated with respect, great service, personable chefs. only thing is that it's slightly pricy- but undoubtedly, probably the best quality and price combo in town.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,12/29/2012,91,100,1,6,3>This is one of the best Mediterranean restaurants around. The food is always fresh, flavorful, plentiful. The service is polite, quick, and courteous. The restaurant is always clean and the food is always consistent - in quality and flavor. They have some of the most tender Shish Tawook (Grilled Chicken) you have ever tasted. I love the garlic hummus. The lamb is always fresh and never gamy. The rice is perfectly cooked. Even though Aladdin's is a hike from my house it has become my go to place for excellent hearty food. If I lived closer I would be there at least once a week. The only thing I have had there that was less than stellar is the falafel - I find it to be a little crumbly and dry. I would also like to see the addition of garlic paste to the menu. However, I still think Aladdin's warrants their 5 star rating. The prices are reasonable and you usually get enough food for two meals. If you are looking for authentic Mediterranean cuisine check it out!
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,12/28/2012,85,207,5,5,5>Oh YES, I'ma fan! This place was on my bookmarks, and they lived up to the good ratings! I regret NOT being familiar yet with my new Samsung Galaxy III to take great photos of our meals as I was with a good friend and this was our first stop after picking up our new devices on Black Fri (the first time I've ever experienced that).....My friend and I arrived about 1pm-ish or so, were seated in 5, quick dash to ladies room to refresh and dash to the table as I glare at patrons plates (literally). I had previously "studied" the menu, reviews and photos from the website where I totally confused my appetite...LOLI did however stick with my first choice of the lobster salad grilled sandwich platter where I altered the sides with latkes', applesauce and sour cream. The platter also came with a side salad (had a tasty poppyseed dressing I liked but my friend did not, she said it was too sweet). I also ordered a side of vanilla yogurt with granola...could ya tell I was hungry..LOL.... I was!The presentation DOES make a difference so that got me going. We had a great waitress, friendly and descriptive with suggestions:-) My sandwich was grilled on sourdough bread with cheese, tomato and avocado..yummm! I asked if the lobster meat was real and IT IS, none of that artificial lobster..yehhh! I had water as my beverage. My friend had the Door County melt with same sides except the added yogurt I ordered. We shared halves so I could do this review. At first I didn't want to try it as I don't like apples in my chickensalad but this sandwich rocked! Ohhh the flavor burst!We sat, chatted, dined and played with our new phones as we discussed coming back to Egg Harbor for SURE! I shared my wonderful experience with fellow Yelper and professional writer Richard! Egg Harbor should definitely be among the top 3 breakfast spots in Atlanta !The term "scrumptious" will come to mind :-)
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,12/27/2012,959,890,16,13,13>I love all of the catchy/lame names they put on a karaoke business.  This is no exception.  Coming here for a friend's going away party, I realized that it was in the heart of a strip mall, I knew this could be interesting.  When I checked in, I saw they have not only a Yelp deal ($5 for $10 worth of shtuff), but also a free shot (bartender's choice)!  I looked for all the non drinkers and begged for their check in offer.  Free alcohol to get it started is always a plus.The first thing I realized when I walked in, it ALMOST reminded me of a strip club I went into once- the purple lighting, the black and red lounge style seating, and the metallic walls/floors.  I liked it.  There was an open floor, and then I thought "aren't we here for karaoke?"- as I am staring at a pool table and two tv's.And then they brought us to our room.  There were gobs of people coming in and out throughout the night, so they brought more chairs for us.  The 2 servers assisting in our room were very friendly and accommodating (I ended tipping them each since they helped us and I kept going to to bar to get drinks, I think they deserved it).  The room had one tv, but tons of laser strobes or what not- it probably had the most up to date technology of the 3 places I have been to.  When going back to the bar (since our room was right there), I got my bartender's choice shot- and it was good!  Good enough to keep getting drinks.  I will just leave it at that...  Another thing I realized, this place has a licensed Quickly inside of it- for all you bubble tea freaks out there!  I personally did not get one, as Mr. Maker's Mark 46 and Mr. Budweiser kept me company throughout the evening/morning.I also noticed they had an extensive food menu too.  I didn't get anything, but I probably should have seen what it was about.  When it was time to sing, I did realize one thing- the videos they played were MESSED up- like 2 lions getting it on?!!  Hard to focus when trying to sing at the top of your lungs.We were there from 9ish to 3ish- I couldn't believe time flew like that!  I got to meet some awesome new people, say goodbye to more, and drink and be merry.  And it was cheaper than most places I have seen too!  For everything they offer, the atmosphere, and the prices, I tell you- this place is badass!  This place also helped me realize I could kick Carly Rae Jespen's ass at her own songs!   Well, maybe if I had that much to drink again ;)
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,12/26/2012,58,336,3,3,3>Ya gotta love a place that specializes in one main dish and does it well!  For a small quaint restaurant, the coziness feel and awesome food is a great combination.FOOD:  I got the BiBimBap.  Yes I know it's a juk place, but I couldn't down hot porridge on a hot night.  The BiBimBap has the usual vegetables but it's sauteed not raw.  Sautee-ing the vegetables gives it a heartier taste, and they ask the level of spiciness, so it was a tasty, filling dish.  A couple pickled side dishes to accompany this dish was a nice addition. I'd definitely come back to try their juk!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,12/25/2012,57,56,4,7,5>Roswell has a friendly neighborhood record store!  I found the place through the Record Store Day website, and was quite surprised to find a record store in Roswell.  And what a find!  I didn't think places like this still existed, and I hope they have great success.  Put this place on your list to support, as it is the kind of place I'd recommend buying something just so the experience of visiting such a record store stays alive.  Especially if you're bored in Old Town Roswell by antique shops, you can come here for a nice break.  I find the selection to be quite good, with pretty new vinyl from Modest Mouse and Pearl Jam up on the wall.  The owner and employees are very friendly.  It really is the kind of place you can go to hang out and listen to records.  They'll put anything you want on the player, and the speaker set up in the back is very nice.  They have a wide range of vinyl choices, from low prices used records, current new records, to some seriously collectible and valuable items.  When I visited, the owner showed me some amazing Beatles stuff.If you don't have a record player, then WHY DON"T YOU HAVE A RECORD PLAYER?  Any music fan knows that, in the days of tinny mp3s, the richness of sound of vinyl is worth the investment.  I bring this up because, when you buy a record player, you get out what you put into it.  At Mojo, they sell some very nice record players, and I'm thinking about upgrading mine there soon.  These guys have a LOT of knowledge about music systems, and were very helpful to me in talking about my stereo setup.On a recent visit, I picked up a very nice Pearl Jam boxed set, and they gave me a little break on the price.  In addition, as I had spent more than $100, they threw in a Mojo Vinyl t-shirt, which I since have been wearing proudly.  It proclaims "Listen Naked".  Go spend some money on the ultimate in music physical products and get one for yourself.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/12/2012,12/24/2012,7,85,3,5,3>Don't let the three stars fool you.  I am a fan of this place, but I did not have their food at their freshest (my fault).  A wonderful co-worker of mine brought in a steak, egg, and cheese biscuit for my team this morning, out of the kindness of her heart.  Upon opening the wrapper, the first thing I noticed was this was a big biscuit!  The biscuit itself not overpowering, but the steak, egg, and cheese hanging over the sides of the biscuit, just begging to be eaten.  And that's what I did.  I ate all of that sucker.  And even though I was full, I wanted another... and another...The reason for the three stars instead of the four stars that it may deserve is that the biscuit was in transport and was not at it's ideal temp when I ate it.  Of course, this is not the poor biscuits fault; however, I cannot make a truly informed decision so three stars it is.  If I ever stumble upon a Martin's, I will be sure to stop in and taste the goodness in it's peak.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,12/23/2012,67,119,3,4,6>Hearth Pizza Tavern is probably one of the best pizza joints in the Sandy Springs area.  Their pizzas are made in a hearth oven, with fresh ingredients, and somewhat of a thin crust.  They also have an extensive list of specialty pizzas that are quite tempting.  The day I went, I tried "The Cure" which had sausage, pepperoni, and bacon (like real big pieces of bacon, no bacon bits around here!).  They also have a full bar with TVs if you want to watch sports, but they are far from a bar environment.  The environment itself feels contemporary, a little cozy, with a dash of sophistication.  My only gripe is we also tried dessert; I think they called it a DIY Ice Cream Sandwich.  When it was served, it was "deconstructed", which was fine with me, with  caramel ice cream in a serving glass, 3 chocolate cookies, and melted marsh mellows in a small serving cup.  This dessert would have been awesome if the cookies were warm and soft.  This is certainly not a deal breaker though, as they've got plenty of pizza's, small plates, and salads that I fully intend to try.  I just hope my waistline will be able to handle it!  Enjoy!
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,12/22/2012,149,208,5,7,7>I ventured out to Oak Street Cafe in Roswell as part of the Breakfast Club UYE. It's located in a little strip mall on Oak Street.  Parking is a bit on the tight side.  I was lucky enough to get a primo space in front of the entrance on a rainy Sunday.As you've probably read the other UYE reviews, I too got to partake in my 3/4 pancake.  And what an awesome 3/4 pancake it was.  An order of pancakes comes with 6 while a half order is 3.  I would definitely get a half order of pancakes if I get to come back for brunch.  I ordered the Street Cart Egg sandwich.  It comes with 2 eggs, 2 slices of bacon, and cheddar on a bun.  The sandwich was pretty good but I think it could have used a little more meat.  The bacon that was on the sandwich was tasty.   The sandwich comes with your choice of side item.  I picked potatoes as I'm not a big fan of grits. They actually ran out of grits that day by the time we ordered around 12:30.  Not sure how a brunch place runs out of grits.  So I was lucky since I ordered the potatoes to begin with.  They were kind of crunchy and bland.  Not really what I was expecting.  It probably would have tasted better with some salt but I try not to add extra salt to my food items.Ok now for the best item on the menu: Chicken apple sausage.  I didn't order it but I did get to sample Helene W.'s order.  This sausage was excellent.  I would have loved to get an order of that and eat it in my sandwich.  Why oh why didn't I do that?  It would have been so easy to just ask for an extra order on the side.  Sigh.  Lesson learned.  Next time, I will be getting a half stack of pancakes and a side of chicken apple sausage.  MMMMM.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,12/21/2012,2,216,2,3,3>Had lunch at 1pm. Since this place has the BEST breakfast in gwinnett county ,at a reasonable price, I had the spinach and feta omelet (firm but not brown). The most OUTSTANDING grits in the south and a grilled biscuit. So very yummy. They serve a great breakfast. Hubby adores the gyro and gets the platter with a greek salad. Very delicious. Also (I know the entire menu) the specials are always good, as is the turkey reubin,tuna melt and the chicken salad platter. I am on a gain weight diet....not. The desserts can be a 3 or 5 star experience. Of course, I never met a dessert I didn't like. I am so glad we have this place in our neighborhood. Service is always A+.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,12/20/2012,135,258,4,7,4>I've been here twice...in one week...lol.  Yes, it's that good. My friend lives nearby and has been talking about it and, of course, I've driven by and seem the cheerful umbrellas out on the patio.  I've only sat outside, but the inside area seems cool and the bar always had a few people hanging out.  The patio is awesome, especially in this great weather we've been having. My first visit was just three of us gals.  The food was very good!  The house wine was great and we had smores for dessert...what's not to like?  My second visit was a friend's birthday, so basically a girls night out.  There was something going on inside (maybe a little league dinner...seemed strange for the place...) and our waiter was also the bartender.  Service was a little slow, but with two picnic tables full of girls drinking 1/2 price bottles of wine, we didn't notice too much.  Again...awesome food, great wine and the staff was very friendly.  Definitely try this place out, it can be romantic for two, or a great time for a group.  Tuesdays is 1/2 price wine and $2 tacos!!
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,12/19/2012,57,92,1,7,5>I arrived here for lunch around 12:45pm and wasnt too busy.  Still plenty of people, but plenty of seating available as well.  I didnt see a chalk board with the specials or anything, so winged it with a ham and swiss on rye with the pesto pasta salad.  It reminded me of a better my friends place, but not the mass produced feeling of Panera Bread.  Total for my meal was about $10.50,  It will be a good bet on the days I forget my lunch or am too lazy to pack one.The service from the kitchen was a little slow, my sandwich came 15 minutes before my coworkers salad.  Both were great, so the wait was pushed to the back of our minds.Most of the lunch options in the area are fast food, so this beats that by far for only a couple dollars more.I like their coke machine,  You get actual cubes of ice, not those round annoying things.  I hate drinking from a straw, so these things matter haha.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,12/18/2012,127,229,3,2,2>This is a classy, upscale facility.  It's beautifully decorated, and the staff are courteous and kind.  The locker rooms and practice areas are impeccable.  I go (not often enough) for Ashtanga.  Downtown Woodstock is a happening little place to rival anything the ATL has to offer.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,12/17/2012,29,92,2,4,3>When spending time at a park I have a list of needs and Riverside park fulfills all of them. The playground has lots of different apparatuses to play on for all ages. The have paved circles for razors and bikes. You can walk to the Chattahoochee river and feed the ducks. Large grassy areas for Frisbee and throwing a ball. Shaded picnic tables and miles of paved walks for running, biking and walking, mostly very flat.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,12/16/2012,64,126,,13,5>I found Emidio's on Yelp a couple days ago. It was down the street from Kungfu's new apartment and on their website they noted that they had a 2 for $20 meal. Sounded like a good deal to me for a restaurant I'm going to try out. Sadly, the 2 for $20 deal was unavailable but they do have a deal on Groupon going on right now. The restaurant is located within the Sandy Springs DMV shopping center so its a bit obscured from the road even with their huge sign above the restaurant. As Mike P. pointed out, the decor is clean and the space definitely has potential. I didn't expect much from the restaurant as it was very quiet on a Monday night (then again, Monday is pretty dead for most restaurants) with two other tables other than our own. We weren't sure what to order, but the wife helped us out with the menu. I haven't been able to eat anything solid for the past two weeks or so after getting some dental work done. It was my first time in a long time to have semi-solid food. Their daily special that day sounded perfect but I didn't have confidence in being able to chew it. We asked what was probably the best dish for someone in my position and she suggested the arroz de marisco (think mix between bouillabaisse with paella). Kungfu got the lombo de cerdo con salsa de ajo (pork tenderloin in garlic sauce). I also saw the table over order a sangria so I ordered a red wine sangria as well. It wasn't terrible but it was alright. The arroz de marisco was very good. The seafood was fresh and done to perfection. There were plenty of mussels, sea scallops, shrimp, and clams along with saffron rice in a seafood broth to satiate my appetite. The plate was absolutely huge; I'm quite certain two people can share one arroz de marisco in most cases. It was fantastic and I greedily finished my leftovers the next day. The lombo de cerdo con salsa de ajo came with four nice slices of pork tenderloin on top of mashed potatoes. They also brought out rice with a mix of sauteed veggies (tomato, zucchini, etc) to go along with the dish. Pork was very tender and juicy. The sauce wasn't overpowering but complemented the mashed potatoes and the juicy pork. I really feel like this dish was very well done. I'd highly recommend it to anyone visiting Emidio's for the first time to order this dish. Kungfu is very, very particular about bread because he's very particular about texture. If I toast him bread, it must be lightly toasted so you get a crunch but still be soft on the inside. He loved their bread as it was exactly to his liking. He sopped up the garlic sauce with his bread and crunched away happily. Even though I wasn't going to order dessert, I wanted dessert after trying out their entrees. The entrees were fantastic which means most of the time, the dessert will be fantastic as well. We ordered the creme brulee and it was great. The sugar was caramelized perfectly and the custard was creamy. Albeit I was recommended the tiramisu, I think I made a good choice. We were both very pleasantly surprised as to how well every thing was prepared. Sure, the prices are pretty steep for a restaurant in a sleepy shopping center. I think the food quality and portions make up for the price alone. The service was very attentive and I'm all for supporting local small businesses. I think its definitely worth a trip to come visit this place.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,12/15/2012,5,124,3,5,3>I spent a day off from work during the week, strolling around historic Roswell, we happened to walk in, then there it was "We carry Patak Meats" Really? I had to try the smoked veal and head cheese with blood sausage, awesome! and what? open til 10pm on Friday? I don't usually come home from work until 9pm or so, this is perfect.... a week later... 9:00pm, several people eating cakes, Gelatos and coffee outside, the Napoleon cake looks awesome! but I had to get the meats, I bought the mouth watering smoked veal, head cheese with blood sausage, and also the other head cheese, and then tried the cheeses, goat cheese with lavender and rosemary... so delicious, I asked for the Stinky cheese, more stinky the better, a stinky brie... taste almost like a bitter chocolate and oh boy it smells divine (aka I'm sure awful for most). I'm a happy customer... on the way out the owner gave me a bread to take home, the bread is so delicious (it turned out they buy the bread from Artisan Bakery).I'm looking forward to go back next week to get some more meats and cheese, and the delicious bread. (oh and that jar of pickled okra) but you know where else can you get a high quality cheese and meats for a low price $5.90 per pound? Cheaper than any of the local grocery stores and it's 10 times better.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2010,12/14/2012,54,105,4,9,6>Taking the place of another restaurant by someone Taiwanese, Kan Pai cafe has finally opened. It sits where Alex's Pan-Asian used to be, and before that, Frontera. The Blockbuster shopping center looks kinda dead, but with Papa Johns, a new Boulevard Diner, and now Kan Pai, it may just come back to life!I checked out the menu on-line before venturing into this joint. They have a lot of Taiwanese specialties, stuff I grew up eating. In the Atlanta area, the only other place to get good Taiwanese food (in my most humble opinion) is Bentos. So with a location less than a mile to where I live, I thought it would be worthwhile to see how this place stacked up.1. Minced Pork bowl - DELICIOUS! May be a little less flavorful than Bentos, but still wonderful! Comes with 2 cuts of daikan, and half of a soy sauce egg. I'm a big eater, so it wasn't enough to fill me up. But for most of you out there, it's enough.2. Beef Wraps - they used braised beef slices inside the wrap for a traditional Taiwanese taste. It's delicious! No sauce needed... comes with 2 rolls, cut into 1/3. Get one to share!3. Beef bowl - I guess this is their take on the beef don. Sliced thin and cooked with lots of onions, it's served over a bowl of steamed rice. Some ginger garnish makes it colorful, but I care mostly about the beef. Great flavor, and I gobbled it up. I managed to completely finish the bowl AFTER having a minced pork bowl.4. Grilled Eel bowl - My buddy had this one. He's a big fan of eel, and grew up eating a lot of it. Seasoned and grilled, it's served over rice with a sprinkle of sesame seeds. He said it was delicious... I'll take his word for it!Lunch specials available!!! The beef bowl, minced pork bowl, and eel bowl are on the lunch menu. For about $5, you also get a bowl of miso soup, and a small salad. This salad is topped with ginger dressing, sliced almonds, and raisins. DELICIOUS!The place looks like it has for the past two owners. Sitting in a booth by the window, you'll feel a slight draft. There's more of an "Asian" feeling to this place, as you normally see a bunch of older people sitting in the top corner of the place, just eating, chit-chatting, and enjoying each other's company. The service is friendly and fast. You can get in and out in time for lunch (esp if you work in Technology Park, or in the Norcross area). The next step for me... to try their beef noodle soup! I also see a fried pork katsu in my future!I really really hope this place stays opened for a long long time! Great food at great prices!
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,12/13/2012,11,128,3,5,4>Based on take-out alone, this is perhaps the best bang for your buck Cuban food in that suburban nexus of Johns Creek, Roswell and Alpharetta.Located in a forgettable suburban shopping center at the corner of Old Alabama Road and Nesbit Ferry Road, Mojito Cafe is notable in that it's survived for what I believe is several years while other shopping centers nearby have become veritable ghost towns of failed suburban expansionism.  You'll find it diagonally across the parking lot from that hall of nicotine, Derby's Sports Grill.The first night I went to Mojito's for dinner, I ordered the roasted pork, and if I remember correctly, a beef dish.  As I was walking out with the food (it was ready in about 10-15 minutes), I slipped, fell, and began 2 months worth of sprained ankle rehabilitation.  What I do remember of that meal is a) the owner replaced the food that I dropped / ruined when I fell and b) the pork and other entree were EXCELLENT.A few weeks after I sprained my ankle trying to bring home the awesome food from this place, my wife and I picked up another order.  Again, it was ready in about 10-15 minutes.  This time, though, we screwed up the order and got the wrong pork dish.My wife wanted the roast pork, but I inadvertently ordered the Masas de Cerdo (fried pork chunks) instead.  The owner, AGAIN, came through for us.  He let us keep the fried pork chunks (no charge) and charged us for the roast pork and the Palomilla steak.  Once again -- the food was awesome.  The pork chunks were a little tough, but they were moist inside.  The steak was to die for.  It had a tangy taste to it that really went well with the seasoned rice that comes with each dish.  Black beans come with the entrees -- my wife swears by it, though I won't eat the stuff.On our third take-out order, we picked up pork tamales, roast pork, and the Mojito's platter of pork, chicken and steak.  The tamales are weird -- it's just a corn tamale with a huge side of the roast pork, about which you will get no complaints from me.  The roast pork by itself was, as usual, awesome, as was the steak.  The chicken was a little crispy (fried chunks?), but it was, like the pork chunks, relatively moist inside.  I wouldn't order it alone, but with the combo, it was good.Dinner entrees at Mojito Cafe are about $10, running up to $17 for things like the combo.  The portions are huge at $10 -- two meals unless you're a pig (cough...me...cough).  Definitely a great value for the quality and flavor of the food you're getting.  The tamales were only $7 -- and they were almost a meal on their own.Our final take-out experience was for lunch -- I was craving a Cuban sandwich, and I decided to give Mojito's a shot.  Keep in mind that I've enjoyed the Cuban sandwich awesomeness of Kool Korners and Little Havana Sandwich Shop (before it was burned down).  Mojito's Cuban sandwich combo come with either french fries or black beans and rice.  You can't just get rice, but at $7, you really shouldn't be picky.The sandwich?  It was great, but I wouldn't say that it trumps Kool Korners' sandwiches.  Really, though -- can ANYONE trump their sandwiches?  Go to Birmingham if you want to know why not.All this exposure has been take-out -- so I can't comment on the dining room experience.  On weeknights, the dining room has never been very full -- nor has the bar.  I've seen native Cubans gathering for dinner, though, and to me, that's a good sign.  The one time I picked up for lunch, at 11:30am, they already had four (4) tables seated, and those people were obviously regulars.  The staff knew them by name and what they wanted.If you're craving Cuban food and want to keep good restaurant from dying away in one of suburban Atlanta's plethora of abandoned shopping centers, PLEASE give Mojito Cafe a try.  You will NOT be disappointed.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,12/12/2012,146,178,11,20,9>This feels weird.  Writing about the grooming and care of my 'lady parts.'  But this is the millenium - so I here I go:I've always been a tree hugger and a bit of a granola girl - but for some reason it took me a while to finally give up the practice of using store bought deodorants and anti-perspirants.  For the few folks who don't know why anyone would do such a thing - there have been tons of studies over the years about how the use of anti-perspirant has been linked to breast cancer and problems with both the lymph and the nervous systems.  Any way - after having watched 3 relatives struggle with and eventually succumb to cancer - I decided to stop using the stuff and I started waxing to help keep the hair away longer.  Apparently it's the hair in your armpits that traps the sweat and dirt and makes you stinky.  At first I was getting my armpits done at the same nail salon I where I get my pedicures - but I decided to try Andreia's since it's close to my job.  I walked in and let them convince me to do a special that would include my entire body for a price that wasn't much higher than doing just my armpits because they were running a special that day.  I am a bargain hunter - and I love a good deal - so I was immediately reeled in.My tech was a wonderful, friendly woman named Nikki - that's her nickname - I can't spell or pronounce her real name.  She was chatty and explained the entire process beforehand.  Like the other reviewer said - she went over my 'areas' with tweezers to get any short hairs she might have missed.  I don't know if I just have a higher threshhold for pain or what - but I didn't experience any pain at all.  I was absolutely amazed.  Nikki even gave me some helpful tips.  She told me that some people take 2 ibruprofen before their visits to help numb pain receptors.  She also went over skin 'after care' and warned me to never get a wax the week before I'm . . . um . . . shall we say . . . hormonal . . . because women tend to be more sensitive to pain during that time.  I've been back once since then and Nikki was busy (apparently she's very gentle and so personable that she's always in demand) and I didn't have a lot of time so I used another tech and the experience was completely different: slightly painful and finished product was not as smooth as first visit.  Lol.  Next time I will definitely wait for Nikki or I'll schedule an appointment.  In the name of always giving a fair and balanced review - I'll list one con - or one change I think they need to make:During the Brazilian wax - while lying on your back you are asked to . . . um . . . hold and pull certain parts of your body.  Then you are asked to roll over and . . . hold and pull certain parts of your body.  When you are done - you dress - grab the handle, open the door - then head to reception and hand your debit card or cash to reception.  At least I imagine that's what most people do.  I know that's what I did.  After paying, I actually grabbed the door handle to leave and all of sudden I remembered that I HADN'T WASHED MY HANDS!I'm a recovering germaphobe - and I was horrified.  I turned around and immediately asked the receptionist if I could use the restroom.  I felt awful about spreading my germs (and I mean the regular, healthy ones - lol - no rude comments, please) all over the place.  But please don't yell at me cuz I'm pretty sure lots of women have forgotten because it slips your mind during the time it takes you to get dressed.  So my solution / suggestion is this - put some of those wet wipes (the ones that are supposed to remove 99.9% of germs) in each room then slap a sign on the back of the door in each room reminding patrons to wipe / wash their hands if they've had a Brazilian - otherwise . . . I shudder to think. Okay - now that I've sufficiently grossed you out - all in all - I loved Nikki and I will definitely be back for a third visit.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,12/11/2012,1424,609,39,39,37>Have you ever been in one of those moods where you just want to haul off and slap something? Anything would do! Don't know why, but it's been one of those days. Maybe it's just pinned-up frustration or could be the SEVERE heat we've been having lately, I dunno. So I figured I would come over to Rhea's for a burger. Why you ask? Because I could slap this dude all day! The owner here (Jimmy) can be soooo obnoxious. He loves to argue and push your buttons. He will start a conversation about Obama, politics or anything controversial just to get a rise out of you.It was a real shock to me the first time I came here, but I've been back several times over the years and now I'm just immune.  Or maybe it's because he makes a really good burger, so I keep my mouth shut and get my order and go. I suppose over time I've come to really like this guy, because he's quirky and interesting in a way you don't normally find. Just look at the signs posted in his store. yelp.com/biz_photos/vut9  It's probably more common in cities like NY, but you just don't find that brazen attitude from business owners in Atlanta. Adds a little more flavor to the burger and character to this 'hole in the wall' establishment that's been in the community of Roswell forever.I'm just kidding about slapping anybody. I've really grown to like Jimmy and today he was especially pleasant. If you are looking for an awesome burger, this is one of the best you will find in metro Atlanta. Just one word of warning: this is a burger that WANTS to be on your clothes. It's sloppy and messy in all the right ways and I have no doubt you will thoroughly enjoy it. Just bring a bib! ----- NOTE: Cash Only! Please don't make THAT mistake and get him started talking about how plastic money is ruining the world.--------------------Date & Time: Monday July 2nd, 2012 @ 12:45pm Dining Companions: soloWhat to expect: limited parking, tiny diner attached to a convenience store yelp.com/biz_photos/vut9Decor: Old school 70'sService: Depends on Jimmy's mood... lolLiquid: cokeOrdered: Double cheeseburger, grilled onions, fries yelp.com/biz_photos/vut9 Dislikes: NONE - Get ready for the best burger combo under $9 in the Metro!Total: $8.30
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2012,12/10/2012,336,485,5,3,5>YUM!~First time trying out this place cause my bro-in-law had coupons, but we ended up getting the hook-up cause an old friend from high school ended up working here.Hooked us up with 3 free reg. smoothies, and all of it was delicious.The mahalo mango was the BOMB! Best mango smoothie I have had. I think this has to top Smoothie King, and I LOVE Smoothie King. I definitely plan on being back!! :D
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,12/9/2012,30,507,20,15,13>I am a proud, smack talking, potty mouth, gun toting, raging liberal and I love it!! My Dad bought me my first "purse" gun here, a Taurus revolver. I have been back with him for several Glock purchases and other insane, testosterone filled, semi-automatic, splurges since! You can't beat their selection (new and used) and their knowledgable staff.Adventure outdoors is my playground and I love shooting guns while dropping F bombs and taking the Lords name in vain. It helps me blow off steam on random weekdays and keeps me sane with my heinous road rage.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,12/8/2012,115,119,5,5,4>I'm in love with this place!Both times that I came I had the shrimp and grits and split a burger. The burgers were seasoned really well and all of the extra trimmings added depth to the flavor of the blue burger, I'm not a huge fan of the fries though.On to the Shrimp and Grits!!!! The grits were in a patty form that was put on the griddle to give it extra crispness (MMMMmmm) and what ever type of cream/tomato sauce the shrimp comes in is phenomenal.  This will be my go to spot from now on since its in my neighborhood!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,12/7/2012,1,17,4,6,6>Loved this place! We've never eaten here before and were a bit hesitant but  saw that INC., won a Zagat so figured it was good and we were right! Thank goodness because we had my husband's parents with us and they love trying new restaurants.  We started off by ordering the Prince Edwards Island Mussels, which were great! They came on a platter and were plenty for the four of us, the only down fall was that they only provided three slices of bread and we would've like more because the juices that the mussels were in was fantastic! The parents were a little conservative, my dad in law had the chicken tacos and said they were great! Mom in law had the same as her son - the pork taco on corn tortillas (al pastor) and those were great! I don't like al pastor but he's always trying to convert me and this time I have to say that was one good al pastor taco. I had the fish tacos on corn tortillas estillo baja with a chipotle cream sauce and I have to say in my three years of living here in Atlanta, these were the best fish tacos I've had!!!!   He drank a tecate and I had a sangria which was out of this world over all the presentation was great! Definitely, coming back and having more sangria and tacos!!!I'm giving this 4 stars because it did take a bit to get our food but all in all it was great!
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,12/6/2012,178,260,3,6,6>This was one of my first gourmet "cupcakes", despite that it's not. But let me tell ya, this place concocts the most delicious baked goods I have had in a while... and I don't really have much of a sweet tooth. A few months back I had their bundtinis and OMG they were delicious. I had the chocolate chip, the marble and cinnamon swirl. I was surprised by the cinnamon as I would not normally have this flavor, but I went for it and was not disappointed. I loved the fact that all of them were incredibly moist, and so flavorful. This is definitely a very delicate dessert and I absolutely loved it. If you are a chocolate fan, you will love the chocolate chip flavor. It was just amazing. I honestly can't wait to have some more!!!
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,12/5/2012,86,179,9,5,4>My wife took me to Costco for the first time last year. I hate shopping in warehouses and fought her every step of the way. I was the bratty kid outside with my arms crossed and the pouty face. I just didn't see the need to shop in a place where they sell ketchup by the GALLON.Somehow my wife convinced me to check it out.....I was pleasantly surprised at the variety of inventory they carried. Aside from groceries, there were electronics, clothing, and a ton of things I can't remember right now.......and of course, they had gallons of ketchup.I've always been pretty low maintenance so I've never needed "stuff" but now with a family of 4, buying in bulk makes more sense for us. I've been a member for about a year now and so far so good. I shop here at least once a week.Moral of the story: listen to your wife.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,12/4/2012,150,120,3,8,7>Located in downtown Lawrenceville the Local Republic is a good place to get a beer and burger. The place is not very big with seating for about 50 or so. The interior is decorated with various brewery logos and signs; a couple paintings; and photographs. All of which give it a more "alternative" look which I liked. Where they falter a bit is in the execution of their food. I ordered the "Mr. Jones" and found the overall flavor good and it was done the way I wanted it. The burger itself was good and I did like the cheese they used. What I cannot tolerate is being served a bag of chips as the side! A bag of chips, come on! If I wanted a bag of chips I would have just gone to down to the Kroger and picked one up! There is absolutely no value added to giving me a bag of chips and in my book is a crime. BUT they did recover by serving me the most amazing vanilla crème brulee I've ever had! The quality of the desert was so unexpected that I wanted to return the same day to have it again. The sugar was perfectly caramelized at the same time not altering the delicious vanilla ambrosia underneath. The desert was served with quartered strawberries drizzled with chocolate which by itself could have been a great desert. The desert alone would have given the Local Republic 5 stars but they did commit that cardinal sin , giving me a bag of chips ! So it receives a 4 star review from me. Will I go back ... YES!!!!
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,12/3/2012,51,304,1,6,3>Don't tell me that you can't get good brisket in Georgia.  These guys know how to do perfectly smoked, tasty, melt in your mouth brisket.  I loved every scrumptious bite.  While i could not identify everything in the Brunswick Stew, it was marvelously crafted, warm and delicious!!!This is a no frills operation where you order at the counter.  They have a selection of bottle beers (including Abita varieties) and wine.  Can't say that I am a huge fan of the sweet cornbread!I am looking forward to returning. The brunch menu looks really good as well; I am just not sure I can make it that early.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,12/2/2012,309,376,3,4,4>New beer spot!! I stopped in this location to pick up a hostess gift (who doesn't love beer??) after seeing the scoutmob deal for a free growler (savings of 4.99, beer not included in deal). This location is kind of perfect, in the LA fitness shopping center, near Canton Cooks II - making it the perfect stop when picking up dinner to go!The owner is super nice and very knowledgeable about his beer selections! He has several other locations (Marietta and Dunwoody) and informed me that this location has only been open for 3 weeks. He offers a nice tap selection, and has flights and samplers of individual beers ($1 a beer sample) available so you can try before you commit to buy. This store has growlers and 32 oz containers (glass, reusable, interchangeable at no fee - you can trade containers in for diff sizes and back any time). They also have plastic 32oz size containers (single use, maybe one additional use) for $1 (in case you forget your growler, or if you need a plastic - not glass - container option for bringing your purchase to the park...hehe)Love beer? Visit this store!(PS they have Abita root beer on tap!! Same brand as the Farm Burger one I've been recently obsessed with)
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,11/30/2012,15,113,2,3,3>Great atmosphere and great food.  I had the crispy catfish blue crab maque choux, caper remoulade which was divine!  I could eat a bowl of the blue crab maque choux by itself. My GF had the fried chicken and devoured it.  Our other dinner companion had the special of seafood paella and it wasn't that great for a paella. Tasted like shrimp fried rice from a local hot wok or something. I think if they hadn't labeled it paella I wouldn't have a complaint. But we were expecting that and got..something not quite right. Still all in all a good dish. We also had the she crab soup appetizer. They should only let you have that if they okay you licking the bowl in public..lol It was heavenly! Not to rich with more than an aboundance of crab.Also we did reservations via Opentable. Another great experience, walked in and we were seated in less than 5mins. Service was outstanding! We will be back!  This will be our go to place in the Vinings/Smyrna area.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,11/29/2012,87,244,,4,1>It's $0.39 per ounce so be very mindful as you're filling up your dish with froyo and toppings. The nice thing is that you can sample as many flavors as you'd like before you commit to a dish. It was PERFECT for our two year old, he was happy with a small sample cup and we didn't have to worry about wasting money on something he'll only eat a few bites of.The toppings are terrific, though I'd love bananas and whipped cream as an option.Be sure to stay and take your dessert outside if it's a nice day. I'm so glad to have this location so close to home!! We will be back again and again!!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,11/28/2012,19,91,4,5,4>Wow...this place is good.  If you check out my profile, I really don't give many 5's, so take heed.We tried Taco T's for the first time this past Sunday.  We got there pretty early (11:30am on a Sunday) so we were the only people dining there at the time.  The building definitely looks like it's been a fast food joint for quite some time, so don't judge that book by its cover.  Despite the unassuming building, the tacos are the bomb!  We ended up trying them in waves since we really weren't sure how big they'd be, considering the fact that they're only $1 each.So for our 1st wave, we tried the Pollo (chicken), Bistec (steak), Al Pastor (pork - the one Americans will like - I'll explain that later), Chorizo (spicy Mexican sausage), and barbacoa.  There are about 2 or 3 booths inside to sit and there's 3 or 4 tables outside if you're up for it.  The cashier was friendly and asked us how we knew about Taco T's.  I guess we looked like newbies.  But, I also think this place is frequented by the Latino population and it was obvious that we didn't fit into that category.Anyways, we opted to sit outside under an umbrella while we waited for our food to be brought out.  The cashier first came out with 2 bottles of salsa.  One was a salsa verde, which was quite good, and the second was a slightly spicier red salsa (equally good, but different).  After maybe 5 - 10 minutes our tacos were brought out to us.  The tacos come wrapped in 2 smaller corn tortillas and are simple enough in that besides the meat, the only other thing mixed in were onions and cilantro for a little more added flavor.  They really don't need anything else, but maybe a touch of salsa to kick up the flavor a notch.  Even without salsa, they're damn good.  And yes, they are tacos, but it's like night and day between this place and something like Taco Bell.  Taco Bell was invented by some Californian that was intent on bastardizing Mexican food...so again...night and day.The highlights were the Al Pastor (American-style pork) and the chorizo.  And I say American-style pork because on the menu, there is another type of pork that we were warned is ordered primarily by Mexicans as it's more commonly eaten in Mexico.  Not that it was bad, but likely different then what we'd be used to.  The other type of pork wasn't on the menu, but was more acclimated to American tastes.  I wasn't feeling that adventurous, so that's why I ordered the American style pork (something like pordito?).   I'm glad I did.  Anyways, after we ate our 5 tacos (between the 2 of us), we went ahead and ordered 4 more tacos.  Not only were we still a bit hungry, but they were just that good.Of note, soda is sold in cans, but they do have at least 3 different types of juices that you can order (e.g. papaya) in 3 different sizes.  Also on the menu were a couple of other things: breakfast items, burritos, quesadillas, flan, tres leches, and maybe a couple of other items.  No chips and salsa though.  However, everything we'd read, and based on the name, the tacos are the way to go.If you're ever over on that part of Windy Hill in Smryna, give it a try.  You won't be disappointed and we'll definitely be back.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,11/27/2012,58,153,4,6,3>Having a craving for doubles, I quickly went to Yelp to find a Trini spot to get some great food. In my first visit...I think I found "the one". Lol.Always love to have a reason to drive to Marietta. When I arrived, I was informed that they have a buffet for $7.50....what a bargain!!! Curry Chicken? Taste like my mom made it (don't tell her that tho)Jerk Chicken? On point with the spice level.Rice n Peas? Yes pleaseMacaroni Pie? Gimme alllll dat!When I was leaving, I ordered what I came there for...doubles. I got home, and I ate the 2 of them in about 67 seconds.My next visit, which will be soon...I'll be trying that roti! I felt like I was back home in Brooklyn. This place is a MUST
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2012,11/26/2012,35,44,1,5,6>Squid Bibimbap is what I come here for. I've tried a few other things on the menu, but I always wish I got the Squid Bibimbap. It's a VERY rich bibimbap made with heaping portions of squid and gochujang. When the gochujang and the crisped rice at the bottom of your bowl get together, you get a wonderful sensation of crisp and spice that is difficult to describe, but nonetheless - sublime. The banchan are excellent here. Flavors are pronounced and contrast distinctly against each other - a rarity among korean restaurants in my book. Many of the banchan seem to be original creations of the owner  - and they are some of the best I've ever tasted. notes: The prices here are a little higher because they don't skimp on quality of ingredients or portions. Support a local business that is doing it right by paying a dollar or two more. If you are coming late, try to arrive with enough time to order and finish your meal. (at least 45 minutes) It seems the owner does not open the restaurant unless she is there and we're already lucky enough that she's open as much as she is. She's obviously doing this because she likes to see people enjoying good food, so make sure she knows you are doing so and thank her heartily when she visits your table!
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,11/25/2012,328,633,4,4,3>Is it a bad sign that on your 2nd visit to a place the waiter remembers you because of the amount of alcohol you ordered previously? Having been here twice, once for dueling pianos and once for a Yelp cocktail/ schmoozing event, I can say that I am a fan.The food is pretty delish and the cocktails are my level of strong without being overkill.  However, beware it is not inexpensive.  I can recommend the blueberry lemontini (I prefer the not overly sweet cocktails), but be careful if you start ordering the shots as they are pricier than your usual bar.This time around, we made our way around the Happy Hour menu.  Obviously, I had to skip the Lobster & Roasted Corn Dip and Calamari (allergy reasons), but they were both a hit with the crowd.  I thoroughly enjoyed the Fried Green Tomatoes with goat cheese and chipotle aioli - a great crunch with a nice little kick. The Fried Plantains with raspberry balsamic vinaigrette were yummy, but a little too mushy for my taste.  My favorite was the Chicken and Black Bean Egg Rolls with chipotle aioli - I just could not get enough of them.The wait-staff was attentive, mostly quick to clear the dead soldiers and drink orders were filled with speed.  I will say that on a Saturday night, the turnaround is quite a bit longer - buyers beware.If you are looking for great (and fun) entertainment, I highly recommend The Dueling Pianos on Friday and Saturday nights.  You will need to make a reservation, especially for a large group.They have a rotating roster of piano men, however I can recommend Atlanta's own Michael Renna.  The night my friends and I went he was one of the two players and they put on quite the show.  Be sure to tip (with cash and shots) your piano men, especially if you want to hear your favorite tunes.  The perfect combination of music, comedy and drunken embarrassment of anyone celebrating a special occasion - fun times were had by all. Only my wallet had a hangover the next morning.  Just ask my waiter.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,11/24/2012,97,191,2,6,2>I have two reasons I love Dixie Tavern- Live music and half price food on Thursdays. What does that mean? On Thursday, you can eat for cheap and listen to a local band jam (Thank you, Captain Obvious... I know). The food is pretty good, get the tater tots. The Buffalo Chicken tenders are a nom fest in your mouth... The wait staff can be slow, but they are super sweet. They usually have good beer deals, and local beers on tap too. Definitely recommend, grab a booth, put some graffiti on the wall, check out the Zac Brown Band memorabilia, and enjoy your grub and swill.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2012,11/23/2012,789,691,1,10,2>Get the Mahi Mahi plate. I don't know of another casual Greek place in Atlanta that offers fish -- most places just offer lamb or chicken. The $9.95 plate is served open-face (which is what I got) or wrapped, and also comes w/ Greek fries and a side Greek salad. The fish and fries were very good. If you want the white sauce for dipping your fries or meat, go to the glass fridge next to the fountain drinks. The sauce tasted like Ranch but maybe it was Tahini - my palate couldn't tell. I'm definitely coming back - thanks to Scoutmob for the introduction! Next time I'd like to try their Eggplant Fries, Feta Fries, and Falafels -- and I'll probably get the Mahi Mahi again, too :)
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,11/22/2012,62,133,4,4,3>Well it's Jersey Mikes... so if you are reading the review, you've either just arrived to planet earth and have no idea what a sandwich is, or trying to find out if this is a good location or not.To the former, welcome alien!  You've been missing out on a great cold sub.  They do have hot subs but the specialty is fresh sliced cold cut sandwiches, paired with chips, whole pickle, chocolate chip cookie, or a drink.  the combo is a sandwich, chips and drink.To the latter, yes this is probably one of the best locations in Atlanta, I've been coming here for years and it's consistantly clean, friendly, and well made sandwiches.  The owner is extremely friendly and remembers his regulars.  I highly recommend.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,11/21/2012,131,163,14,16,13>There are very few things that will motivate me to drag my keister out of bed before 8:00 on a Saturday morning.  Road trips, free beer, and fresh bear claws generally make the list.  A house fire would probably do the trick.  But the #1 reason will always remain: Patak Meat Products.For working stiffs like me, it simply isn't feasible to make the drive out to Austell on a weekday.  Which means there is only ONE DAY each month when I can load up on delicious European meats... the first Saturday of the month.  And you can forget rolling into Patak in the afternoon on this special day, because they will absolutely be sold out of the things you want most.  You've gotta get there early and queue up.You've gotta WORK for your meat.  But anyone who knows will tell you: this meat is worth the effort.Patak is a garden of smoked and cured delights.  Sausages strung along every wall.  Hams and assorted fowl glistening from glass cases.  Everywhere you look, delicious meat-in-tube-form.  It's all made in-house, and it's all fantastic.The olfactory sensation when you walk into the shop for the first time is one of those life changing moments that will remain indelibly etched on your memory.  When you are 90 years old and sitting in a retirement home, you might not remember your own name -- but you'll remember the first time you smelled Patak meats.The prices are beyond reasonable.  They're downright cheap, especially when you consider the quality, authenticity and freshness of the product.  I suppose this helps offset the inevitably high gas bill from your commute out to Austell.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,11/18/2012,6,187,,3,3>Went here one Saturday night with wife and friends and liked it so much came back here the next night with the whole family.  Pizzas are non-conventional and toppings are good and original.  Hummus with pita is really good if you like garlic--comes with a whole roasted head of garlic.  Sat at the pizza bar with the family and they give the kids pizza dough to entertain them while they wait. Pizza makers are very friendly and talkative if you sit here.  My 8 year old declared the kids cheese pizza "awesome", so he was happy. Loved watching them make the pizzas all night.Service can be a little slow and spotty, but they did make it up for us by sending over a free app and not charging us for our drinks.  $3.00 PBR tallboys and the Yelp check in offer make for good drink deals.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,11/17/2012,80,162,2,3,2>Not sure what I can say about this place that hasn't been said already, but I was certainly impressed!!!We sat on the side patio and had a wonderful view of the garden - beautiful flowers and butterflies, need I say more??? I'm SO glad that we did, as we almost sat inside thinking it might be too hot. the fan above us took care of that.The corn muffins - YUMMY!!!! Not too sweet, they stood on their own. So many times these days it seems like sugar is added to everything, even when not needed....The entrees - YUMMY!!!! My wife had the fried chicken, which was the size of an ostrich!!!! OK, maybe not quite, but it was close. I had a bite and it was amazing, the chicken was tender and the breading was like dessert! I'll give them a pass on adding the honey since it isn't refined sugar and has its own flavor. Plus, I loved it! the pork chops were great too - the sage really works well with the dish. The sides - YUMMY!!!! Cheese grits, fresh cabbage, homemade mashed potatoes, and broccoli casserole. Need I say more????And dessert, which was YUMMY, was the cherry pie. Once again, it wasn't overly sweet and that made it even better. The crust was flaky and fairly thick at the back, which made it crisp, and yet not dry or overcooked. It may have been the best I've ever had, ever.And the service matched the meal - friendly, polite, and attentive without being too attentive.How did I go so long without making it to Greenwoods???
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,11/16/2012,180,306,4,5,3>I was SO excited when they opened a second location this close to my house! I literally work from home more often just so I can come over here. As a Francophile, I can honestly say how refreshing it is to have an authentic French bakery so close. I am addicted to pistachio macarons and this is the only place in Atlanta I have found that makes a genuine macaron with ganache! YUM!It's setup like a tiny cafe and does have bistro patio seating out back. Quite simple setup and has a very tiny parking lot. Lunch is always busy and they serve breakfast all day! Food is VERY traditional and take you over the pond if only for an hour. The bakery breads are fresh and so many treats at the counter it is hard to choose.Bon appetit!
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,11/15/2012,45,354,4,11,3>I'm thoroughly surprised with the buzz this place is getting because of its weekend buffet. I haven't seen a Chinese restaurant in Alpharetta (of all places) filled to the brim with Chinese people - and these were acquaintances my family and I recognized when we went for a Father's Day lunch buffet. The space is small, so get there before 12 or else they start turning people away (or you have to wait) to get a seat. Father's Day was $8.50/person, otherwise, I hear it's $7/person on a normal weekend. PS, I heard that the dishes on Father's Day weren't too different from any other weekend buffet, so just don't go on a holiday. Nothing too special going on. Buffet served: sesame chicken, fried rice, stir-fried rice vermicelli noodles, Hainanese chicken (it was really, really tender with the scallion sauce), lion's head  meatballs (very soft pork meatballs), fried fish and fried eggplant in spicy sauce, anchovy-peanut stirfry, marinated sweet/sour cucumbers, stir-fried string beans, stir-fried cabbage, stir-fried mustard greens, egg rolls, pan-fried gyoza dumplings, and sesame pancakes.Noodle/soup bar served: Dan-dan noodles (thin cold noodles with julienned cucumbers in a light, slightly spicy peppercorn sauce), taiwanese-style beef noodles, ground-beef with noodles with cucumbers, and then pork rice congee porridge. They all come in small bowls so it's great to share and try some of everything.Fruit/dessert bar: various fruits, green mung bean soup with ai-yu jelly (i suspect it was canned ai-yu jelly) and soy milk. Favorite items were probably the Hainanese chicken, lion's head meatballs, string beans, sesame chicken, marinated cucumbers, dan-dan noodles and taiwanese beef noodle soup. Do we really need to talk about service? It's a buffet for God's sake. Just be happy that the waiters come by to fill your drinks (which they do), and take up your dirty plates. That. is. all. Food quality was good and they seem clean here. Buffet trays are regularly re-filled by the staff. For $7 and it's all you can eat? It's definitely a great deal. Just consider how much you would pay for a bowl of noodles ~$7, BUT you get to try so many different things. This is about as authentic Chinese you can get...in Alpharetta. Don't order Thai food. It's a Chinese restaurant, therefore, you should order Chinese food. You don't go to a seafood restaurant to eat chicken.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,11/14/2012,25,79,7,4,3>This spot is BONKERS!So this place is nuts, you walk in and there's a busy ass Indian/Pak guy packing like 50 to-go orders, while on the phone taking someone's order, and bitching at you for not knowing how to get yo own damn plates.It's self serve, so get yo own damn stuff.Naan? I go at this NAAN STAWP NAW MEAN? Garlic, No garlic, both good. LOAD UP!Chicken Tikka?! Tikka, Tikka Yeah!! Okra - This aint yo Momma's okra... well unless your mom cooks indo/pak food.Some type of soup with bones - IDK, it was tasty, I forgot what it's called.Overall, I enjoyed the food.  All of the flavors were there; however, ALL of the dishes were missing SALT. I am not sure if that is what they meant to do or that is how it is supposed to taste, but I was screaming for some salt.Gonna come back for some brain one of these days.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,11/13/2012,27,177,1,8,3>Seems strange to say about a barber shop, but Gino's is an awesome man's oasis.  I've always been a "eh, it's just hair" kind of a guy, and I'd gone to the chain places for years because I just didn't care that much. Gino's has changed me. It's absolutely worth the $3-5 more than a chain place.  I've had cuts from 4 of their barbers, and they all did flawless work. And I love the straight razor neck shave and mini-massage that comes with the haircut. They have all the little touches perfected.And if you've never had a shave from a professional, you have to try it out at Gino's. Man, what an experience. I normally get 5 o'clock shadow around noon, and after getting a shave at Gino's I was still as smooth as a baby's bottom 24 hours later.  Heck, I even love the smell of the place.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,11/12/2012,113,132,3,7,4>I love this trail so much I added it to yelp! And yes that is my dog in the picture. Bob Callan Trail is attached to the Rottenwood Creek Section of the Chattahoochee River National Recreation Area. I love the rise in elevation on this trail, and the fact that its paved as opposed to muddy. There are plenty of local places for me to run my dog that leave us both in need of a dip in the river afterward, so Im pretty stoked to have this option close by. In the CRNRA there is paid parking, however on the Bob Callan side of things there is a free parking lot. SCORE!
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,11/11/2012,392,475,1,5,4>My wife and I dropped into Ten Bistro on a Tuesday for lunch before art class. It was noon, and there was only one other patron present, with the staff gathered in front of the TV watching the Olympics. My first thought was, "I may be about to waste $25." :(Happily, we were seated promptly, although there was a brief scramble to find a lunch menu ("Doomed! Doomed!") I ordered Panko Tilapia with Sweet Potato Fries, normally safe, for Miss Ann, and I spec'd a Roast Beef Roll-up on Flat Bread, Grilled Asparagus side. A few minutes later, we were surprised by the arrival of  a small platter containing a cup of hummus served with crisps and carrot and celery sticks. Very well presented and a nice beginning (maybe not "doom" after all). By this time, more diners had arrived, and the staff was warming to the pace. I began to like the idea of unsweetened iced tea served with simple syrup on the side (I'd like a bruised mint leaf, please). The Beef Roll-up was very nice, especially with its garnish of sauteed onions with jalapeno zest. I customized it with a drizzle of Balsamic Vinegar to add a piquant note to the roast beef. Ann's tilapia was nicely done as well. The sweet potato fries were good, but had a texture that made me suspect they were of the frozen variety. Relieved that the Grim Reaper didn't show up for my wallet, and that I can tell others to ask for Keith, our artful server.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,11/10/2012,117,75,7,9,7>Since the reviews on here look a little suspicious as of this writing, hopefully I can add some legitimacy to Tostones. The restaurant is right across the street from the new QT. It replaces the late Alvarado's, and I think before that it was a Taco Bell before that.I stopped in here for lunch and was pleasantly surprised. The interior is bold...a lot of blacks and reds. There are a couple large, flat panel televisions that were showing ESPN (in HD) when I was there. Planning to dine in, I approached the counter to order but was quickly shown to a table by a waitress. I guess you only need to order from the counter if you are taking out.I read the menu before I came so I already knew I wanted the "Half Cuban Sandwich with a side of rice and beans" combo. The food came out quickly and did not disappoint (yelp.com/biz_photos/yaIK). The Cuban sandwich was good - not overly "mayo-y" and the bread had a nice consistency. The rice was good and flavorful (a bit garlicky, if I remember correctly). The black beans were a little watery for my tastes, and the shredded lettuce and tomatoes just filled in white space on the plate, as far as I'm concerned.I enjoyed the meal overall. The wait staff seemed knowledgeable and friendly. I'll be back again to try something else off the menu. Hope this restaurant doesn't see the same fate its predecessors did.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,11/9/2012,467,559,11,7,6>I wasn't sure to give Loving Hut a three or four star rating, but the Supreme Master made me give four. (You have to go to Loving Hut to understand this!) This is definitely an interesting place. On the night of our visit there were two separate tables with white Rastafarians, an attractive young lady with no bra (sweeeet) but with long hair under her arms. (not too sweet), and the table next to us had what we assumed was a baby wrapped in swaddling clothes, but which turned out to be a pet pig.The menu is great for vegetarians and vegans, tons of things to try.Spicy Cha Cha Cha was an ambitious attempt to recreate a shrimp appetizer. We ate these up pretty quick.Saintly Stir Fry was a rice noodle and vegetable dish that was good, but nothing that you couldn't make at home. Overall a solid comfort food dish with good flavors.I had read Tamara S's review and knew i wanted to try the Seven Seas Delight. As always, go with Tamara's advice! These crispy bean curds wrapped in seaweed were really good. Great taste, great texture.As noted by others, service should be stepped up a bit. They are super friendly, but it seems they are disorganized both in the front and in the kitchen. Food comes out at different times so tables get about half of their entrees at a time. In our case we were sharing anyway, so it worked out, almost like a planned meal of appetizer, pasta course, and entree. They also forgot about the pot of tea we ordered, and brought it out with the last "course"Lot's of stuff here, look forward to a return trip to try more.I like Loving Hut. What's that Supreme Master? Oh, sorry! I LOVE Loving Hut!
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,11/8/2012,110,152,2,7,5>Eatlanta Staycation Restaurant #4:Finally got my dim sum on at Golden House. It's been on my to eat list since Chowdown wrote about it a while back. Pork Shumai - big, juicy, flavorful, yummyHa gao (steamed shrimp dumpling) - big, flavorful, goodShrimp and chive pan fried dumpling - nice crispy outside, not too much chives, good!Chinese broccoli - oily, came out cold. The flavor was good, but not my favorite. It definitely would've been better hotCalamari - came out cold. cold/fried calamari is never goodShrimp toast - (I don't know the real name for this) it was good =)I need to go back. We went late and I was saving room for dinner, so I didn't try some of my regular dim sum dishes. Next time!
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,11/7/2012,21,65,4,4,4>Not really sure what all the negativity is about surrounding this place...we found it to be pretty darn good for the area. It's tucked away in Marietta, but it's a nice sports bar. Good for watching the games, eating burgers and listening to either the juke box or the occasional live band. We had the bratwurst sandwich with sauerkraut and OMG...it was like I was camping, but not...so awesome. The atmosphere was what you expected although there were quite a few families in there which was surprising. You can't smoke inside though, so maybe that's the draw. Service was prompt and friendly and they seemingly had a million workers in that night. All in all, I would recommend stopping in here if you are in the area.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,11/6/2012,168,202,2,9,5>Holy wow - why have I not been here before?!?  Stopped here this past Saturday for brunch while we were in the area.  First off, the decor here is identical to that of my dream home.  But that's besides the point...As it was brunch time, drinks were mandatory.  The bloody mary I ordered was excellent - not too spicy and not too expensive.  The open faced omelette was also heavenly and portion was perfectly sized.  Oh, and the pimento cheese appetizer - so delicious.  Probably some of the best pimento cheese I've ever had.  Service was great and food / drinks always arrived promptly.  This place is absolutely worth a visit if you're in the area.  Hell, even if you're not in the area, make a trip out here asap.  You won't regret it.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,11/5/2012,8,212,2,6,4>Vin25 opened for the monthly Live at 5 Roswell event on 08/16/2012.  They will have limited openings for a few more weeks until things are in full swing.  From their first night, it looks like a home run!  The place was lively and bustling with lots of people there to eat, and a large number just hanging out.  The place is very inviting and the atmosphere fitting for a wine bar.   The opening night menu was impressive.  There was seating inside and out (with several chairs to sit and just enjoy the wine and soak up the Roswell crowd scene).I started with a glass of Sanford 'Flor de Campo' Pinto Noir, then moved on to the food.  The limited menu had four items and I tried the following:the sliced Prosciutoo, Bresaola, Fennel Salami and Pommery Mustard platethe Wine Braised Short Rib with Creamy Grits and Grafton Village Smoke Cheddarthe Vanilla Bean Panna Cotta with Passion Fruit and Blueberry.I finished it all off with a glass of Davis Bynum Chardonnay.The food was all spectacular, but the short rib was the star of the evening.  The savory grits (with a touch of star anise) complemented the rib perfectly and with the first bite I was hooked.  It was comfort food at it's finest, with a moderm and upbeat feel.  I hope this makes it's way to the full menu someday.While this was an 'opening' limited menu, I was told it will expand greatly.  It seems they will be changing up the menu (both wine and food) to bring some variety to the Roswell Dining scene!!   Put this on your 'must try' list!
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,11/4/2012,46,202,5,11,7>A sensational Five-Star Theater Experience ... (and it's in "Lawrenceville, Georgia" --- of all places!)Yes, it's true... Lawrenceville has a performing arts complex in the heart of the "city" that rivals the best theaters in New York and beyond. First class all the way... consider it off-off-off-off-Broadway...After having been to some of the finest theaters in metro Atlanta, We were not expecting much from Aurora's new space. We had been in their last space in Duluth and found it charming but this current space blows the old one away... The lobby is well-appointed and spacious (though still small enough to get clogged as people meander around and gather in the "right of way"... [SIdebar: Please People! Take your chitty-chatty selves to a corner and get out the bloody way!!! Have a little of the common courtesy you were taught in kindergarden! End Sidebar]The seats inside the theater are all well-situated affording excellent sight lines from any angle. The balcony is a charming place to sit and has a fully functioning elevator to get you up and down, besides stairs.There is a bar as well, with full libations but they are "NYC" pricey, though you cant fault them since that's obviously a trend...A free parking garage is attached to the complex, though be sure to keep your eyes peeled for the signs leading you there... in actuality, there appears to be enough street level parking serving the downtown L-ville area to allow you to skip the garage...If you've ever been on the fence about attending a performance at Aurora, don't hesitate any longer ... this theater and it's company are professional, trendy and fabulous.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,11/3/2012,4,78,2,8,2>Some people don't think you can get good food in a strip mall, but those people are wrong.I popped into VUU on a whim one day for lunch, and I am so glad I did! The interior was wonderfully decorated, the tables and seats gave the place a posh feel but the prices were very reasonable.The waitstaff was very friendly and excellent - attentive to refilling my drinks and taking my order promptly.I had the spring roll, the takimaki (fried chicken) spring roll, and some pad thai. The spring roll wasn't the usual deep fried roll, so it was healthier and lighter than usual, but still had lots of flavor and was served piping hot. The plum sauce was sweet but not overly so.The sushi roll had great flavor! 8 pieces was a steal too. The soy sauce and wasabi was a great combination of salty and hot; it also had ginger slices but those weren't for me. The pad thai was as good as any pad thai I've had elsewhere - no complaints there.VUU might have a weird name and a non-obvious to get into location, but the food is worth it.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,11/2/2012,32,73,5,10,3>I'm going to give mad props to my girl Shelby.  (Can I say mad props?  Have I breached the age barrier where that induces eye rolls from teenagers?)  Anyway, Shelby is a whiz with naturally curly hair (she has it herself) and she knows how to cut and style it.  She does my color and seems to ALWAYS know exactly what it is going to do. (fade in 3 days, exposing highlights from last session?  Why yes!)  she even recommends a sunscreen for my haircolor, which does wonders during vacation.  I highly recommend Shelby and Jamie.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,11/1/2012,47,187,1,9,4>So glad to see this place open in the Lawrenceville/Suwanee area.  I've been twice so far and had great experiences both times.  The place is very clean and the employees are going above and beyond to be friendly and accommodating.  Someone mentioned the waiters/waitresses were too disruptive--it's a full service theater so in my opinion naturally they are going to have to walk in front of you a few times.  The servers I've had have been discrete enough to where I didn't feel like I was missing the movie.Good menu with typical sandwiches, salads, apps, pizzas and burgers but all with a slight twist (at least the names all have a little twist).  I thought the food was better than other similar theaters in the Atlanta area (Studio Movie Grill in Alpharetta and Fork & Screen in Buckhead).  Everything seemed more fresh and less processed/frozen.  It's not gourmet, but it's good, and similar to something you'd get at a Chili's restaurant.  I've had the Thai Chicken Flatbread, a smoothie, the mini cheeseburgers w/fries, and The Ultimate Cookie.  All yummy and reasonably priced.  I thought the smoothie could have been a tad bigger, though.Two concepts that I like but have not yet tried are the breakfast and a movie on weekends, and the retro movies.  Very comfortable chairs and wide spaces for servers to walk, which means ample leg room and nobody kicking you in the back.  My only gripe is that there is only one set of restrooms in the entire place, at the far end of one of two wings.  So, if your movie is on the complete opposite end, you have a long walk to the bathroom!Just what the Gwinnett area needs!  We will definitely frequent this place.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2012,10/31/2012,36,234,2,11,8>I've been coming here for more than five years, back when they were originally called "Personal Touch" and I've never had a negative experience.  As long as you avoid "weekend at 11am" when the place is crushed by the onrush of suburbanites waking up and wanting their oil changed, you shouldn't ever have a problem with waiting or service - I never have.What bumps this place to a five star is the customer service and record keeping.  Recently selling a car I found myself in need of the oil change records.  Did I have them?  Of course not - if I get the oil changed I usually toss the paperwork before I get home.But did this place have them?  Sure did.  FIVE YEARS of records that they reprinted for me in a matter of minutes.  SO happy.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,10/27/2012,910,392,2,3,2>I actually like this place alot. My only gripe is they do not have alot of the side dishes that you get at other korean bbq places.The good about this place is that you can pick your meat as much as you want from the buffet bar. So if you only want one piece of chicken, you'll get one instead of a plate of it. They waitresses come around often and cut and cook your meat for you. Food is pretty descent. Not stellar. But for the value and ability to choose how much of each meat you want, i like this place.They also have a sushi bar and a hot buffet side. The sushi really isnt that good. Its premade and the rice is hard from being refridgerated, but you dont come here for that.Definately check them out.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2012,10/26/2012,23,180,1,5,5>It was good to hear that Stax has opened as I had been waiting a good while for it. They opened only 5 days ago and when I was there for lunch today, they were packed so there was obviously others waiting for it to open. As Tia says, it is a little small so carry out might be the choice. Good variety of burgers and appetizers to choose from. I've had their Mushroom Swiss burger and it was quite good. I recently tried their Shrimp Scampi burger and it was surprisingly good. As sides I had their Onion Rings with a dipping sauce and they were very good and their fries are your basic French Fries. As Tia points out, they have some nice buns with the very juicy burgers . You have to order your side separately (yes, even fries don't come with the burger). Hopefully they will be making a website with a menu soon.Friendly staff who keeps up with everything. The music volume is on High, so be ready to have to yell across the table to your friends in conversation.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,10/25/2012,91,100,4,12,5>Canvas has become my local go to place for a tasty casual meal. I have been there several times now and the food is always fresh and flavorful. I usually dine at lunch or dinner, but I have also enjoyed their breakfast. The menu focuses on sandwiches, burgers, and salads. They have a great selection of different flavor combinations to appeal to most palates. My favorite menu item is the Marchella Panini which is Grilled Chicken Breast, Balsamic Onions, Goat Cheese, Sun-Dried Tomato Chutney, and Basil Mayo on Rosemary Focaccia. All sandwiches come with a side of potato chips, but their Truffle Parmesan Fries are worth the added cost - the portion is generous and you can share with a friend. The sandwiches range from $7-10. Anyone who loves super spicy foods should check out their Hell Burger, which has Cayenne, Jalapeno, Habanero, and Ghost Pepper Chili on it. Breakfast is served Monday - Saturday from 7:00 am -11:00 am. Omelets, Fritattas, French Toast, a variety of Breakfast Sandwiches, and Pastries round out the breakfast offerings. They also serve a selection of Craft Beer and Wine, Milkshakes, Juices, and Tea. The restaurant is always clean and the service prompt. You can always get in and out of there pretty quickly even when they are busy. My only problem with the place? There is an employee there (I think he may be a manager - older with glasses) who is a grumpy and rude jerk. I have encountered him a few times now and he always has a black cloud over his head and is openly hostile towards the customers. He acts very put out if you ask any questions, and in general, projects that he does not want to be there. I have seen him press his lips together in contempt at customers. When I was juggling my trash and plates he practically bowled me over when he should have either waited for me to pass or even helped me dump all the stuff. He even wore a shirt that said, "Your opinion wasn't in the recipe." Really?!? Dealing with him taints an otherwise great dining experience.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,10/24/2012,85,207,3,8,4>the Nautical Nest is definitely off the beaten path and what a great find in Duluth, a city I rarely visit. A dear friend invited me to lunch with a Groupon, told me the name of the restaurant and I followed up with my usual research to find great reviews.The few photos listed on Yelp previuously didn't do much for me though, so I added a couple of my own :-) We arrived right about 1:30 on a Fri afternoon, the place had a  couple of customers already dining. The decor, very clean, wood flooring and nicely decorated, not over done!We were greeted by the owners son who took our orders. The owner who was present and nicely grooomed (don't usually expect to see a nice button down shirt and pressed slacks:-) behind the deli)....also greeted us with a smile and quickly a conversation started. I shared with him that his Yelp reviews were excellent and I planned to get right on board after my dining experience so here I am! The owner comes around periodically to check on you and chat a bit as well as the staff checking in for refills, great service with a smile:-)I had the Captains Favorite buffalo chicken sandwich on a seeded Kaiser roll, side of kettle chips (there are other options like potato salad, pasta salad and bags of flavored chips by Ms Vicki ( I love Ms VIcki's chip selections). I washed it down with the sweet/unsweet tea mix, loaded with lemons.My friend ordered the Sailors special with a beer on tap! Yes, Nautical serves beer and wine, I consider that upscale for a deli with great sandwiches and service such as we experienced! All the sandwiches are fairly hefty but not overstuffed.Neither of us were disappointed although my friend didn't like the spicyness of my sandwich (we shared halfs), as thats a good way to review. The Nautical is a small deil tucked away near the Kroger and L.A Fitness shopping center. There was some construction going on in that area as well so don't blink and miss Nautical Nest.....Now, I shall add my photos and whenever back in that area, it will be a great second visit....
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,10/23/2012,109,364,9,20,5>Here's the scoop on these Asian or Farmer's Market.. There are different types of such markets., and they differ due to the type customers they serve. GW serves the Chinese-Taiwanese-HK population. ASSI and HMART serves the Korean population.Buford Hwy Farmer serves the Hispanic, Eastern EU, Japanese and others.This is important to know because if you were looking for special ingredients, you will have a better chance of finding it, if you went to the right market.Say you are a soy sauce connoisseur and your sophisticated palette demands the thousand year old triple fermented GuangDong spring water infused type... you want to be in GW.. cos last week I saw it was on sale... Say you wanted late harvest KimChi from the eastern facing hills of Seoul and buried 3 seasons in the foothills of Inchon Red Hill... damn. .. I just saw that at ASSI..Now, if it Halloween and you are dressed as a Ronin and your thirst for premo sake of the Dai Jin Go grade,, then you better head to Buford Hwy Farmers.. cos I know they got that drink there..GW = Chinese type groceries and ingredients.  And prolly 42 types of Rice.  I usually get the white kind from Thailand...
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,10/22/2012,959,890,12,19,14>I was craving something a little different than Woody's at 1:15 this morning.  I was jonesing for some Iron Age.  I knew they were opened til 1 or 2, but couldn't remember.Got there, and thankfully- they were :)Got seated immediately, server reminded us they close in 45, we told them we would be quick- and let me tell you what, they were as quick as we were eating!In the 40 minutes we were there, my buddy and I had 3 mounds of brisket, a full refill of banchan, and 2 salads.  This was hands down the fastest service I have ever gotten.  Yes, I am well aware they wanted to get the hell out of there, but they weren't being dicks about it.  The flavors were spot on, the sauces accompanied the meats, and those rice noodle wraps gave it another dimension of flavor!  We got our free ice cream cones, and were on our way by 1:55AM.  And for that, I thank them greatly.  If there was a time where I over generously tipped, this morning was one of those instances.PS- gotta love those K-Pop videos on the big screen :)
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,10/21/2012,31,69,1,6,4>So, after all this time I finally tried 'cue! Yay! I went for lunch yesterday and was worried that I would leave disappointed. Every time I try a new bbq place I always leave underwhelmed. That was not the case this time. I had the sliced brisket platter with deviled egg potato salad and the collard green as sides. It also came with home made pickles and a slice of home made bread. Wow. The bread reminded me of Grandpa's and the pickles were really good. I normally don't like sweet pickles, but whoa. My boyfriend had the chopped pork platter with fries and slaw. The pork was great. Not dry and very smoky. They leave 3 sauces on the table for you to choose from. A sweet one, a spicy mustard and a vinegar sauce. My favorite was the original sweet one. I can't remember what they called them all. The mustard one was awesome and my boyfriend loved the vinegar sauce. I'm not a fan of vinegar based sauces but he loved it. The place is clean and dust free and the sign out front said it all, " Our tea is sweet, but our servers are sweeter!" Love it. Go, eat and leave happy. :)
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,10/20/2012,7,85,7,5,6>Went to Adele's for my birthday lunch after reading so many positive yelp reviews.  Upon walking in, I was delighted to see the open kitchen and comfortable seating area.  You are immediately greeted with the wonderful smells of the bayou and I knew we were in for a treat.  Our server, Ronnie, came to our table and gave us the run down on specials and her favorites.  My wife went with the jambalaya, and I had the shrimp po boy with french fries.  We chatted and drank a beer while we waited for our food, and even though the restaurant is on the smallish side, it never got too loud to carry on a conversation.  When the food came, we were both pleased with the presentation and we dug right in to the spicy goodness.  Each table has some Tabasco sauce on it and I could not believe that a cajun place would only have Tabasco, so I asked Ronnie if they had any Louisiana Hot Sauce.  Her reply was half chuckle and half "Bless his heart", when she motioned to the bar area and the two huge tubs of different hot sauces.  After settling on a hot sauce that I had never heard of, I made quick work of the po boy.  The shrimp were cooked perfectly and bread was wonderfully crunchy.  My wife, who is not a big sharer, let me taste her jambalaya, and upon doing so, I promptly wanted to smack my grandma.  To say that this stuff has flavor is an understatement.  It was a little too spicy for my wife, so after eating half of it, she was finished.  I continued to shovel the jambalaya in my mouth like a fat kid going after the last piece of chocolate cake.  I could not stop eating this stuff as I ended up eating all of my po boy and fries and half of her bowl of jambalaya.  I have never done heroine, but imagine that this jambalaya is even more addicting.    Anyways, enough of my rambling.  Eat here, Thank me later.Service - 5/5Food - 5/5Cleanliness - 5/5Portion Size - 3.5/5
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2012,10/19/2012,105,142,5,5,6>This location isn't so bad. They were having a grand opening, and so my mom, pa, little sister and I decided to drop in and see the new Hansel & Gretel location. It seemed pretty big inside, there were a lot of seats and the decor looked very modernized. There were a lot of Korean people everywhere! Korean-ville, I'd call it! Fruit Patbingsoo ($6.99):Anyways, I was craving to eat their fruit patbingsoo and trust me on this! It was a lot tastier than Mozart Bakery's 'meh' patbingsoo. It had everything that a fruit patbingsoo should have except it had misutgaru which is roasted rice powder. YUM! I don't know if it's that which makes the patbingsoo taste sooooo delicious, but it did satisfy me! My family thought so, too. The regular patbingsoo is $5.99 but it doesn't have any fruits or mochi in it but only ice cream, milk, sweet red bean paste and misutgaru. It's worth every penny getting the fruit patbingsoo!Garlic Bread ($1.99):I also bought Garlic Bread for my little sister, because she was hungry after getting off of work. So I treated her what she wanted. I didn't try it, because I didn't want to get full off of eating bread.. I came here to eat PATBINGSOO!!! Hahahaha!! Yep! She shared it with my mom and they enjoyed it, but they told me that it could've been a lot tastier if it weren't so 'cold'. Can't help it being cold, because they've been out just sitting out in the open for so long.. wrapped up in their 'cute' little plastic wrap.Also, I'd like to mention, the owner was really nice and he wanted to take my order. He told the cashier girl that he wanted to take my order.. I thought that was pretty strange at first, but I guess he wants to give his thanks to me, his customer for stopping by his new bakery location. And all of the girls working for him are so pretty and cute, too, and friendly! Being friendly is always a 'plus' to me! Kudos for this location of Hansel & Gretel!!!Will I be coming back here for their fresh creme cakes and other desserts? Yes and yes!! Hahaha!! I really like their bread, cakes and desserts! So delicious! I saw their prices for the bubble smoothies and yes.. it's still considered 'pricey' to me.. but it's only a penny less than the one at Cafe Mozart Bakery.Hansel & Gretel's bubble smoothie: $4.49Cafe Mozart Bakery's bubble smoothie: $4.50Hmmm... not much of a difference there. I don't think I'll be getting their bubble tea or smoothie of anything but will be back for their delicious bread, cakes and desserts!! YUUUUMMMY!!!!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2012,10/18/2012,308,222,7,6,5>Yaaaay another tasty Mexican place for me and my fat appetite!Everyone automatically gets chips, salsa and creamy jalapeno ranch dip.The salsa was not my fave but the ranch creation was tasty and unique.We ordered a half size queso to accompany the chips.  It was delicious too!I ordered the Chicka-Chika Boom Boom enchillada and my hubby, the steak burrito.  His steak was so tender and full of flavor.  Mine was pretty darn good as well.  The refried beans were actually impressive!  They were nicely textured and had a great base of taste. I waddled away from my table like I was carrying a food baby and decided this food coma was soooo worth every calorie!
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,10/17/2012,108,232,6,19,3>I really like Curltopia.  I've been twice, both times for color, and have always loved the results.  You know what I don't love?  The price.  It is outrageously expensive.  The first time I went I had an amazing stylist.  She really talked to me about my hair.  I learned a few things and she really seemed to care about educating me while giving me a bomb ass color job.The second time, the girl was nice, but she just did my hair.  She literally didn't even speak to me for the first hour of my appointment while she applied the color.  She did warm up towards the end, but I was already over it. Seeing as how I didn't get the warm and fuzzy experience the second time, and still paid nearly $175 (before tip), I think I might try somewhere else next time to see if I can still get good color for less than a car payment.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,10/16/2012,26,141,3,11,4>I have driven by this place over and over again on my way to the Rite Aid on the corner, and never actually stopped in.  Then I read the only other review on this place here on Yelp, and I realized I needed to stop there.  I went in towards the end of the business day, but they still had a decent selection of cupcakes to choose from.  I got a strawberry chocolate cupcake that was a chocolate cake with strawberry icing.  It was delicious!  I will definitely be going back for more cupcakes.  It's great to be able to just buy one as a treat and not have a container of a half dozen staring at me like you would from a grocery store.  The price seems a little bit high, but I would only be buying a cupcake as a special treat to myself and not on a regular basis.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2012,10/15/2012,381,486,5,12,6>I had first heard about Naan 'N Curry from my younger sister, who said she had driven past it in Duluth.  I looked it up on Yelp and was drawn to the place for two main reasons - their $6.99 lunch buffet (Tuesday through Friday, 11:30 am to 3 pm) and high remarks for their Chicken Tikka Masala!Since I was going to meet a friend for lunch in Duluth, I suggested that we try Naan 'N Curry.  Fortunately, she agreed to try it out with me!  We arrived around 12 pm on a Thursday and were pleased to see that although the restaurant was fairly busy, there were plenty of empty tables.We weren't greeted when we walked in, so I asked the woman at the cash register if we should just sit at any table.  She responded that yes, we could sit anywhere, so we chose a table to put our purses down before walking over to the buffet.  We quickly noticed that the buffet was entirely self service.  There are Styrofoam plates, plastic utensils, and water dispensers, so there is absolutely no need for servers if you're there for the buffet.  There's also a note by the plates that instructs customers to use a fresh plate with every trip.I was pleased with the selection of over a dozen buffet items!  I also appreciated the fact that the buffet items are labeled so you know what each is called.  I tried a few things that I had never had before, including the Egg Curry and some veggie dishes.  The Egg Curry (hard boiled eggs in curry) wasn't anything special, but the veggies were good and spicier than I had expected.  I also had some Tandoori Chicken and a potato dish (unfortunately, I can't recall it's name), which were both pretty good.  However, my favorite item was definitely the Chicken Tikka Masala.The Chicken Tikka Masala is creamy, flavorful, and excellent with rice.  The naan, which I had expected to be amazing since it's part of the restaurant's name, was alright.  It was thicker than the naan that I've had at Indian and Bangladeshi restaurants, and I think it was just plain naan.  I prefer garlic naan and wish they offered it in the buffet.Along with the main buffet, there is also a small salad section and a dessert.  However, I didn't have any salad (bad, I know!) and failed to save room for dessert.  I'm usually not a dessert person anyway.  Finally, when you're done with your meal, you throw your own plates, utensils, and cups in the trash before walking over to the cash register to pay.Overall, Naan 'N Curry gets 4 stars for their delicious and affordable weekday lunch buffet!  I subtracted 1/2 a star due to their lack of acknowledgment of customers who come in and 1/2 a star because they didn't refill the Chicken Tikka Masala during the whole hour that we were there.  =(  During my first trip to the buffet, I noticed that they were running low on the Chicken Tikka Masala but assumed that they would refill it soon.  However, during my second trip, I still had to "fish" around for the small pieces of chicken in the sauce.  I will definitely return with my siblings, who really want to check out the buffet, but I hope they are more attentive about refilling their popular buffet items going forward.[Review 134 of 366]
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,10/13/2012,127,165,3,4,3>My first impression of a steak house is made by the bartender, and McKendrick's bartenders are excellent. Really good cocktails with exceptional service. Because I was dining alone, I ate at the bar.  I had the bone-in ribeye with a side of Bernaise sauce, creamed spinach, and a baked potato. Needless to say, I took home a doggy bag. The portions were HUGE and the food was prepared exactly as I requested. If I was ranking steak restaurants in Atlanta, I'd put McKendrick's in second just behind Bones, with Capital Grille a distant third.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,10/12/2012,140,186,4,5,3>I did this tour last year and I may just do it again this year. It's something fun to do, and if you like a little bit of history and a good ghost story or two, which I do (seriously, when I go to Savannah or New Orleans, I book just about every tour I can), then this is up your alley. It doesn't compare to the more serious tours in the other more touristy cities, but it's definitely nice to have in our backyard.I love the Historic Roswell area, so it was great to learn about some of the history and how the city formed. The group was a bit too big for us, which seems to be a common complaint, but the guide handled us well. Two hours might be a stretch on a warm evening, but there's a lot of walking involved so I understand. We stopped by a few houses, and went to a cemetery, heard stories. It's got interesting parts, some a little weird, but I get creeped out easily by ghost stories :) The "creepy" house is definitely creepy! I almost couldn't wait to leave. And yet, it was one of my favorite parts of the tour.The only thing missing is an inside tour of homes - that would be cool. And maybe a drink :)
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,10/11/2012,787,655,3,7,3>Finally I don't have to make the trek all the way to Buford highway for some Vietnamese fare! I must say that out of all the buford highway spots I've hit up in the past, this place has some of the leanest pork. Oh yes, no fatty stringy nasty bits here.  Oh a great Vietnamese coffee aka jet fuel to boot. Seriously that stuff can keep you up for days longer then a hit of meth. (take note meth heads). No frills interior, but it was definitely unexpected coming from the crummy strip mall it resides in.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,10/10/2012,64,126,5,6,6>Ok, I was going to try to be the first to review this place but I could not find their address. I asked for their number and address last time and the paper disappeared without a trace. So I've been waiting until someone posted a review of this place so I could review this place. It's a little meta and Xhibit's yo dawg reference all wrapped up in my head. I digress, I've been here a few times after it opened. It was a couple months before Annie L's previous review of AYCE (I had no idea this had just recently started happening). 678 is a Korean chain endorsed by Korean ex-wrestler and comedian, Ho Dong Kang. You'll see this delightfully giddy looking man plastered over the place. He's the guy. The incessant whiny song you hear over and over again on the speakers? Its their theme song. When I visited, the place had been open for about two weeks or so. Our mutual friend had just been there the week before on its opening weekend. He called just to tell me he was forsaking Iron Age and coming to this place for K-BBQ. He said it wasn't Iron Age, it was just him. This piqued my curiosity, as I had been spoiled rotten by LA's K-BBQ joints a few months ago. So I put on my best puppy face and asked Kungfu to take me to this place. I tried to get him into fulfilling his sense of noblesse oblige. It happened and we were there the following weekend.On our first visit, we ordered two orders of gochujang samgyupsal (pork belly with spicy pepper paste). I really liked this place because: #1. They used charcoal instead of propane. instant like. #2. There was a circular pan covering the grill. This was for the egg jjim (chawanmushi ish), to grill the mushrooms, and to grill you some kimchi in those little three compartments. Instant like once again as they were compartmentalized. Maybe its just me, but when kimchi and my other veggies (garlic or peppers) get mixed up, I get distressed. #3. After stating that it was our first time here, they gave us a bowl of free dwenjangjjigae (bean paste soup). I like free food.#4. They had pork skin on the menu. I haven't seen pork skin on a K-BBQ menu in YEARS. I wanted to order it but they were out that day. Yes, it was really pricy. We paid $40+ for two orders of pork belly and a big bottle of Hite beer. The meat though? Hands down, best quality pork that has passed through this mouth in a while. I liked the bean paste soup, it was really good. I mean its the cheaply made kind with bits and pieces of tofu, but I just liked the taste of the soup. I also ate the hell out of the egg jjim. I was more than satisfied after our meal. We were also getting ready to write our break up  letter to Iron Age. It's not you baby, its me. I've found a better K-BBQ place that does pork justice. So we queued in Kungfu's older brother figure to this place. He took us out to this place after his baby's first birthday. On our second visit, we ordered the following: 4 orders of pork neck (two different cuts) 2 orders of pork skinWe also got serviced some cold noodles. I liked the pork skin. It was marinaded in a sweet soy sauce and it grilled up nicely on the grill without drying out. If you're going to order though out of curiosity, just get one order. They give you a lot of skin to begin with, so ordering one order is more than enough. The two different cuts of pork neck were pretty delicious. We decided that we liked han jung sal (highly recommended) more so we ordered more orders of that later on. The cold noodles were alright, kind of sweet. Not the best, but pretty good for a palate cleanser. Another thing to mention is that most of the servers here speak fluent English. They're really helpful and they always have a smile on their face. They also have a baby play room so you can eat in peace while your kids run around in a separate room. I don't know if the food is as good as when it first opened (because it was top notch fantastic double rainbow type meat quality), and since that issue is crossing my mind, I'll do a follow up review within the next month after I visit 678.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,10/7/2012,57,92,3,7,4>A friend and I decided to drive over here from Roswell this past Saturday.  We got there around 4:30pm and it had a pretty big crowd of people.  To be honest, you usually find these palces empty, except for a few 14 year olds playing WoW.  Being almost 30, I found it refreshing there were more adults such as myself.  It's 21 and over after 8pm.  Upon entering, I took a look at the menu, prices, and general layout.  Price was $20 all day.  They had a special for $10 all day if you wanted to play RPGs like Diablo III or a MMORPG.  I was drinking Yuengling, it was $4 a pint.  Not sure if they had any cheaper brew, didn't really care.It has a great selection of beers, decent bar food, and nice gaming rigs.  A stage for Rockband next to the bar, some gaming PCs with nice cupholders in the desks, and TVs with about any gaming console you'd want to play.  The PCs are pretty far apart so you're not elbow to elbow with your neighbor, yet close enough to have a conversation in the loud environment.  The PCs were pretty fast and I was happy with their performance, my only gripe was their interenet.  It kind of drags everyone down when someone has to download an update, which in our case was about 2 gigs.  It wasn't a huge problem by any means, only slowed us down for about 15 minutes.  They keep the computers well updated for the most part.I really like Battle and Brew.  My kind of place.  Open till 2AM which is good for night owls such as myself.  Nicely executed idea.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,10/6/2012,336,485,3,5,3>Brought my boyfriend in today as a surprise for his birthday and he definitely had a great experience. This place is cheaper than the average but the wait was at least half an hour or so. They also do not go over the use of the gun for new timers. The staff was very friendly and apologetic about the long wait. Also, this place is cool cause you can switch out pistols and not get charged.Sig sauer 226 was the favorite for my boyfriend.4 stars for lack of training for newbs.
